- Watch this before you quit your job to pursue content creation: Kind: captions Language: en before you quit your job please watch this video hey guys my name is Heidi and if there's one thing you should know about me is that I am a really high risk taker I am in my 20s I don't have a husband I don't have kids and I'm willing to risk it all because quite frankly I just don't have much to lose early last year there was a dulu trend where we were all encouraging each other to be a little more delusional in life and as someone who's already delusional to begin with I became even more delusional after listening to all these Tik toks online and it's a reason why I got off social media and this month actually marks 5 months off of Tik Tok and Instagram but that's another story for another time if you want to know more about that I have a video on that as well but I became extra delusional and decided to quit my job exactly this time last year I was a full-time server and had been promoted to become a bartender and started making more money and so I saved some more cash and decided to quit my job to pursue content creation full-time because that was my Ultimate Dream since I was in high school I saved up 3 months of expenses which like I said really high risk taker so 3 months for me was just enough and I decided to go full force on my business I was very bullish and thought if I just had more time I can make this successful I can make more videos I can contact more people and find new clients so I can make content for them I could be a freelancer and grow my influence and I just was very very optimistic as I always am but this time it was just a little scarier because my life sort of dependent on it I still I live with roommates and so I still have to pay my part of the rent I still need to eat I need to pay my bills I still had loans to pay off and student loans to pay off and I still had my bills like they weren't going anywhere it wasn't like I was totally debt free I still had my car loan and so quitting my job was isn't the best move financially but I thought like I said if I just have more time to focus on my content that I could actually make this work I was exhausted I was a bartender working at night and I was working on my content during the day but I just felt like I just didn't want to keep doing this hustle life anymore I just wanted to live out my dream and I thought to myself if I really need to find a job and if this doesn't work out I can easily just go back and find a bartending job anywhere because they're always hiring and and the first few months I was bartending I honestly was just trying to replenish my savings and just get back on track and make up for all the mistakes Financial mistakes I made when I had quit my job I also didn't have a fully funny emergency fund and as we all heard not having an emergency fund is an emergency and so I was really living off the edge here and I had a backup plan like if worse comes to worst I need to live with my mother or or I need to ask my dad for money but I honestly don't want to do that I don't want to resort to having to rely on other people and as I'm getting older and thinking about my future thinking about having a husband or having kids and building up my future I really thought to myself like I can't just like have this traveler Backpacker high-risk taker mindset anymore and I'm not saying that's like what every traveler or Backpacker person is like I'm just saying for me like I'm just so free spirited and so like you know like God will provide and like everything will be okay and although it's true like I just value security so much more now after living a life of no security whatsoever and so this year like I feel like I just shifted into a brand new person because all I can think about is like do I have a savings account do I have an emergency fund like do I have an income coming in like a steady income coming in every single week and now I can't like I can't like quit my job without knowing like do I have another one lined up and so my mindset has totally shifted because I no longer just want to be I no longer feel the need to be delusional like that anymore and yes I still have my dreams and hopes of becoming a successful YouTuber and travel Creator but I'm also trying to find peace and accept the fact that the reality is is that we still have to work and play and be a part of the system and work our way around it until we can provide for ourselves instead of like complaining about I guess our 9 to- FS or current jobs maybe find something that you still find enjoyable and you could wake up every day and go to work and enjoy it and then also have another side hustle or business you are growing but still enjoying both of them and I think that's the key when you are someone who is embarking on the entrepreneurship Journey so I am currently at a new restaurant Italian restaurant bartending and I do love my job but I started feeling the same way a few weeks ago like I did last year and that's kind of what inspired me to create this video because I was working full-time and I had that tiny little thought of like I really want to quit my job I just had the itch she came back instead of being there full-time I decided to C back on the hours and be part-time only because I know even if I work there parttime I can still afford to pay all of my bills but I also was thinking about looking into sort of like the corporate world and see if I could find some sort of job in finance or accounting or some sort of business e 9 to5 job and I considered doing that because I have a degree in international business and I wanted to sort of use it to get more money now so that I could fully fund my travels and my travel content business so I'm currently in this you know in the stage of trying to see if I could find another job or if that's the right decision if that's going to take up way too much of my time and energy I'm still debating I'm still debating because I kind of want to you know join the corporate life but I also kind of just want to stick to food and beverage and build my business I'm still trying to figure it out but I also did just do something pretty huge I did join a travel agency as a travel advisor which I am so excited for this new chapter though I'm an independent contractor and technically I'm still like on my own and building a business I love that I'm a part of a community I love that we have webinars and zoom calls and there's something going on in the Forum every single day and I can connect with people and I just love having that sense of community which is something I definitely felt like I wanted to be a part of as well as working at the restaurant I love my co-workers I love working there and I think I just wanted to work there less because it is strenuous work being in food and beverage and honestly it was just so tired um physically like I just can't work that much physically I think it's like I don't know some sort of Health thing cuz I get super tired I still need to figure that stuff out but I wanted to like physically work less so I did that but I did join a travel agency and although I'm not going to get money right away because it's commission based I think I'm heading in the right direction and if I just keep moving forward and just be comfortable in the journey and accept where I'm at and adjust my lifestyle to the money that I'm making and just keep pushing forward I honestly believe that I will be where I want to be in the future but like I said I'm just still trying to figure it out and if you are new to this channel this is what this channel is all about a woman trying to figure out you know how to manage life and get to my dream life but I just want to have this kind of new mindset where if something happens to me or I make a decision I don't want to label it as good or bad because later in life I don't know how that's going to affect me but now that it's been a year I could tell you that you know I'm in a new place I'm in a new restaurant I met new people I you know have created some of the best friendships I met really cool people and I wouldn't have done that had I not quit my job and went through everything I went through there's also this quote that Sean kenel says from think media he says you know not all work is really like sometimes when the work isn't working it's still working on you and it's changing you as a person and that's how I like to see it but I don't want to say that what I did I totally regret but I definitely would say that I would have maybe have done things differently because it was kind of stressful during the time but if you are someone who is looking to quit your job to pursue content creation full-time just some advice from me obviously it is your life and you decide what you want to do but for me I definitely wish I did save more money definitely a Year's worth of expenses I also wish I waited until I was making money in my content business and at least replace my income because I wasn't even making enough to survive but again you can do whatever you want but just some advice for me and my experience that I wanted to share but if you are going to quit your job to pursue your dreams then freaking congratulations that is huge and if you are someone who is deciding to stay at your job just a little bit longer until you can make the transition then I am there with you and we will get through this together remember find something that you love that can make you money and then build your dream along the way so it is all a journey and that is what I learned learned and I'm honestly really happy because I have income coming in every week and I can relax and it just feels really really nice so maybe you just need a transition and find another job or maybe you just need some sort of new environment but definitely definitely think about it and let me know what you plan on doing down below I'm very curious but yeah if you guys are interested in joining my journey and my documentation then definitely subscribe and if you like this video then you probably like this one too go ahead and watch that and I will see you guys over there bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @rockindavebyron3960 [2 likes]: You are VERY, VERY SMART & INSPIRING!!! I'm a young 61 year old man who's been a professional guitarist & one thing I can tell you is that I'm glad my wife & I went back to our driving jobs ( part time ) and am still able to continue do do our shows, it's Great!!! It's better to be part time with a solid financial back up, than to be full time & watch your savings & all your hard work disintegrate, that's when worry sets in & not only do you panic & start to sound desperate in selling yourself, but that's when it's harder to get & keep clients because that's when you can start to sound pushy in your sales, & no one wants to deal with a pushy sales person!!! You're on the right track & I hope all the best for you, you ROCK my friend, I just subbed to your channel and will support, keep on Creating, Rock On & God Bless.
  2. @iNINJAgamer [2 likes]: I feel you on that one. We have to keep fighting for what we want while on this journey of figuring out life and where it’s taking us. I know I want to be a content creator, but working my 9-5 takes up a lot of time and energy and when I get home, I don’t have much time to work on my content at least until the weekend, but I’m never giving up on the drive to get there. The light is shining at the end of the tunnel, just gotta keep going until it gets bigger.

Keep chasing your dreams and passions for what makes you happy! You got this and… I like to say, you’re extremely pretty too! 😍
  3. @malik_alharb [2 likes]: Delulu is not the solulu. The delulu industrial complex is a real thing
  4. @Dlynne6740 [1 likes]: The thing is you gotta keep it real with yourself and just start Hawk tuahing and start an of
  5. @nitrahawk: you may be delulu but you're cute. So you got that going for you.
  6. @boglarkabuchmuller: Thank you for your honesty! 🤗
  7. @ValKeller1: Trust me. I would rather be secure than be broke. I understand the whole “if you don’t do it now you will regret it” but here’s a better way of saying “But if you do it now you might end up with nothing to show for it.”
I wanted to be a filmmaker I went to Connecticut school of broadcasting. Then coronavirus came a week later after I just started and shut the building down. I got reimbursed the money. And 5 months later when back to my job.
Since then I have slowly built up my Investments and money. Which I did not even have an emergency fund.
  8. @elana6976: Thank you for sharing this experience❤
  9. @baocitrine: You're going really great and ahead as well!
  10. @ShanaJahsintaWalters: I want to quit my job too. But I will wait until I start making money on my own.
  11. @chynnagirl86: This social media is like the new Hollywood in a way. People get so sucked in (I was one of those people) to the likes and etc to the point we end up losing ourselves. Social media has its pros and cons but eventually common sense has to hit us all that we got bills: and YouTube isn’t guarantee. 

I’m at 33 literally on some record your career expecting YouTube or any social media to be a full time job is a big risk because you don’t get a check when/if your account blows up. 

We as people need to treat this as a video archive moment not a job.
  12. @kingstorm7188: You quit your job because you saw it was a popular trend there's people quitting their job for reasons that are greater than social media
  13. @JesssicaManalo: I've done the same thing over n over quitting and then getting a job again (barista/bartender) over and over. then now. im realizing I need to keep my full time job in the F&B world WHILE working on my music (content creation). don't give up. this is so possible. but doing it at the same time is way more realistic! I feel the same way as you, good luck with everything
  14. @YimmoSlice: very beautiful
  15. @lifewithdency: I understand you girl. I finished a degree in internaitonal business and languages. Worked my way up in the corporate world to becoming a mortgage broker. Did that for a few years, got all the necessary certificates and then i quit with savings to travel the world, share these travels on youtube. I know that i can get back into this field if i want to because ive built up enough experiences and i have the certificates. I think it can be useful to build something up that you can fall back on if the content creation plan does not fall through
  16. @TheoXplores: When you get to 10,000 subscribers you'll start seeing money, you're just beginning, keep uploading vlogs and enjoy the journey, it may take years but it's worth it, you've got 1 extra subscriber.
  17. @Babygirl758: ❤
  18. @TLOPassportBro: you bad af r u latina
  19. @thatpersonyoudidntknowexis149: The word "Delulu" in the thumbnail got me ngl. I thought youtube algorithm is telling me to stop idolizing celebrities 😂
This is a very informative btw. Thank you!
  20. @ratso4443: Don’t see why it has to be all or nothing. Work part time at a job you don’t hate and pursue your dreams on the side. I have 9 part time employees who don’t burn out because they have work/ life balance and appreciate their paychecks too.

- What are the Financial Risks in Podcasting?: Kind: captions Language: en before you commit to this whole podcasting thing it's a good idea to really think about the financial risks you need to know what to expect so you don't get in over your head financially that would probably be the death of your podcast and it could also cause all sorts of other problems so what exactly are you committing to MoneyWise with a podcast and what can you do to help mitigate those risks take it away Mr radio [Applause] man podcast your business yes I am ready are you guys ready welcome to another episode of podcast your business I'm Sunny G I'm a podcast coach and I also Mentor podcasters and I've been doing this whole podcasting thing for more than 17 years I'm also the founder and CEO of a company which you really should check out it's called independent podcast Network you can find us at independent podcast. Network and we put out a ton of free content for new podcasters or podcasters that are interested in growing their shows and then if you're ready for monetization we work one-on-one with podcasters and find advertisers that are a good fit for them but today I'm here to help you create amazing podcasts and we tied this into your business but if you're just producing podcasts just for fun or it's not connected to your business and you want to create a business we can help you too so we create these amazing podcasts by mastering the five PS of podcasting that's right the five PS are prep plan produce promote and profit so when I was creating my first podcasting course which is available for free on our website if you guys want to check that out I thought about what does it take to create a successful podcast and that's when I created the five PS of podcasting if you can Master these five PS then you've got a successful podcast and so in our episodes for podcast your business we focus on something that falls into one of those P's so Mr radio man which of the five PS are we talking about today Prep yes I'm so excited we hardly ever do episodes on prep because really a lot of that is internal stuff that you have to figure out but looking at the finances of podcasting definitely falls into that category right because that's an important decision that you're going to have to make and yeah if it's going to cost too much or there's too much risk involved you may not want to even go down this podcasting path so here's what we're going to talk about in today's episode we are going to talk about how do podcasting Financial risks compared to other forms of media because we need some perspective here yes yes the episode is going to focus on podcasting but if you didn't do that what else would you do right so that's the big view next we're going to talk about the different phases of podcasting because as you produce your show your show is going to go through different phases and then in those phases there's different Financial risks so we have to know what the phases are first and then we're going to break down and show you what the common podcasting expenses are in each of those phases and then finally we're going to wrap things up by talking about how do you mitigate this right obviously people don't want to waste money that doesn't make a lot of sense so what areas have I found that you can minimize those risks and then I'm also going to give you kind of my game plan so when I go into producing and creating a new podcast I don't want to spend a lot of money I'll be honest you know I don't have podcasts that have million dooll budgets or even $100,000 budgets so I'm always thinking about the financial risks so I'm going to give you my breakdown of what I do when I go into a new podcast because I'm always trying to mitigate any of those things that would cause my bank account to go further and further down I'm sure you guys can relate all right we'll get started with all that right after this quick break so doing anything new can feel a bit risky right such as starting a new podcast this is something new for most most people and in the beginning you're not entirely sure this whole thing is going to work out you hope it does but no one really knows right and like I said no one wants to waste money so let's go ahead and dive into this let's get into the finances of podcasting so you know what to expect first I want to provide kind of the 30,000 foot view here yes we're specifically talking about podcast Financial risks but if if you didn't do podcasting what else would you do so we have to look at other forms of media and this is specifically for those of you that are like oh my gosh I've got a voice I've got to get information out there somehow so basically you're determined to do that but you're not really sure well is podcasting the right thing or there other things that I should consider all right so when I think about what most of us have access to do I think about these different you know media forms of media okay you've got blogging which nothing wrong with blogging I think blogging is probably a little bit more simple I don't mean that in a bad way because sometimes Simplicity is better for people you know when you're blogging you're writing you may have a website you might need you know some resources if you're going to do photos and things like that but you don't have the audio component or video component to go along with with it okay so I think you know when we talk about people like us average everyday people wanting to get the word out somehow blogging makes a lot of sense now there are a lot of blogs out there there's other things to consider sometimes it's hard to make a name especially in today's society when everything is audio and video but that's a possibility I feel like podcasting kind of comes in between blogging and the next thing we're going to talk about which is video and YouTube specifically okay cuz that is the 800 lb gorilla in the video space if you're going to add video you are going to add to your Financial Risk because there are a lot more things that you have to consider and with you know creating something for YouTube it really does need to be video I know there are a lot of podcasters that have an audio podcast and just put that up there on YouTube with a static image or whatever not a huge fan of that I think the stats show that that doesn't really work okay so if you're going to do YouTube do it right but you're going to have to think about you know your equipment is totally going to change you got to think about lighting you got to think about location and your background and a whole other you know host of things that we're not going to really get into today but it's more complicated than just doing an audio podcast and then we have I'm just going to group kind of mainstream media into you know this category we've got radio and television now historically that is been paid to play and there are a lot of things especially nowadays a lot of censorship stuff that you've got to deal with that you don't have to deal with you know some of these other forms and you have to have money you guys I don't know if you've ever looked into the rates um because some radio stations will allow you to hey I want to do a radio show some will allow you to buy the airtime and you just create your show and I'm sure they've got some standards or whatever and you could probably do that there are some podcasts out there that are also on the radio television is even more expensive when you're talking about financial risks um I can attest to the fact that they are hundreds of thousands of dollars per episode normally um real quick story before I really got into podcasting I was thinking about doing a show for local television here in San Diego so with our local television Affiliates I do come from the news background so I'm you know used to producing things and doing a lot of stuff on my own and very creative and so I did what's called an OT a one time only and I created a television pilot that aired here in San Diego and it was so what's the word I want to use it was a huge challenge to put together just one episode and this was with a Sho string budget I mean most people are just volunteering their time I happened to have the resources to be able to get it up on TV so we didn't have to pay for that but just getting an hourong show together you know having the people that were going to be on camera and the segments that we were going to do it was crazy and it really didn't go further past that initial pilot not because I didn't want to do it because I realized how much more financing we are going to have to come up with somehow in order to do it and you know I started to go down that path and and look for sponsors and you know again you're talking about let's say 10 episodes but each of the episodes are anywhere between like $50,000 $100,000 that is a lot of money okay so I speak from experience when I say yeah I guess you can do radio and TV but not quite for most of us right that is a whole other beast and especially if you're thinking about doing this for your business your focus is on your business not in starting you know some you know huge $100,000 plus production so how does podcasting compare to those like I said I think blogging is the only one where it might be a little bit more simple than podcasting everything else is just it's it's pretty big you could probably do YouTube If you feel comfortable with video but the radio and TV it's not really an option for most of us okay then you're talking about huge financial risks so if you are one of those people people it's like I have to create content how am I going to get it out there I think the first three make more sense you could blog if you got some good writing skills you could podcast which I think a lot of people are you know based on the equipment that's available today and Technology can do fairly easily and then there's another step if you want to add the video you could do YouTube but let's now focus on podcasting okay because we have some different phases that podcasts go through and you know if you know a little bit about my background you know that I have a history of not only helping other people start their podcasts but also just kind of playing around in the space I've started many shows not of all which are still up and running today and I am perfectly fine with that because every time I launch something new I learn something and I bring that information back to you guys so I view this as a big sandbox that I play around with and I can do that because I make sure that there's not huge financial risks to the podcast that I'm setting up so let's talk about the different phases of podcasting you have what I call your startup you're in startup mode and honestly those are where you're going to have some of your largest upfront costs so something you've got to pay for all at once or within a shorter period of time so that's your first phase then you have what I call your growth phase now you're always trying to grow your podcast but this is when you're really kind of testing the waters okay and you don't have those startup costs anymore because you've created some stuff and you can reuse certain things but you do have consistent costs and then this is also the stage at least where I do some trial and error because as you're trying to grow your podcast you're trying to promote it you want to get the word out there in many different ways and depending on what your podcast is about you may try different ways to promote it and a lot of that's just trial and error okay and then the third phase is more of your monetization phase that's when your show is a little bit more established and you're focused more at that point on balancing your profit versus your expenses so that's when you can kind of play around you know once you start making a little bit of money you can play around and maybe upgrade your services a little bit or add some things on but obviously it has to make sense with how much money you're bringing in okay so now let's break down these different phases a little bit more and I want to talk about some of the specific costs that you're going to have in each of these phases again we're just trying to provide an overview so you understand the financial risks of doing a podcast when we talk about starting up a show this is your launch for your podcast and like I said this is where you're going to have some of your largest upfront costs I did an episode for podcast your business is one of the first few episodes I did about how to start your podcast with a budget of $250 or less I stand by that so this can be done for pretty cheap especially when you compare it to like radio and TV and things like that and I think that's the beauty of podcasting you know being able to anyone you know I I read this I don't even know if it's true to be honest but it sounds great I read that Steve jobs because podcasting comes from the iPod right which was an Apple product you know I don't know if they make them anymore but I read that Steve Jobs had this idea of media being able to be created with out all the hoopla that's the technical term right the pay to play like radio and TV and he had this vision for it and this is why I I know Apple has done some different things lately by offering memberships and stuff but this is why my podcasts are free it shouldn't cost an arm and a leg can you spend that much yeah you can just with any kind of project you can go way overboard and then be in the hole and then you know start pulling your hair out but we don't want that for you right so what are some of the initial startup costs that you have to consider first is your equipment which you really don't have with the blogging thing right which is why I said that's probably a little bit more simple at the very least you need to have a good microphone that does not mean that you have to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars you can find good stuff out there like I said Tech has come a long way we have blog posts and and different resources on our website if you want specific you know products to look at you can just you know go to our website and search for it at independent podcast. Network so we're not going to get into specifically what equipment to buy but that is something that you have to consider in the very beginning this is why your costs are a little bit higher when you're starting up a podcast but you don't have to go overboard there's a lot of equipment out there and it looks really shiny and pretty and some of it has fancy glowing lights on it but really what you need is a simple microphone that you can plug directly into your computer so you don't have to have a ton of extra equipment you also have to have a podcast host now this is like a website host for those of you who have websites for your business you have to host it somewhere do not host your podcast with your website host they're not going to give you the stats and information that you're going to need and they also don't follow the IAB compliance if that's important to you I've done an episode on that as well okay but the IAB creates standards for how uh episodes you know the numbers behind the downloads and things like that just to make it consistent across various podcast hosting platforms so if that's important to you then you need to go with a regular podcast host and I recommend that you start with a free plan there are different providers out there and I have information on the website about that too but start with a free plan don't let them insert ads you know don't make it a trade where hey it's a free plan but we're going to just insert these ads wherever we want no you need to have control over your content but there are different resources out there that allow you to do that so that's your podcast hosting got to have it then for graphics your main startup cost is your artwork which I've done episodes on this too really important that you spend a little bit of money doesn't have to be a lot you know some people would do it for like 5 10 bucks on Fiverr I don't necessarily trust that but you could get it for 50 bucks probably somewhere you know somewhere in that area but invest unless you are a graphic designer please hire someone else to do this okay this is like the cover for your book and many people may not click on your podcast if they don't like your podcast artwork so invest in that other Graphics to consider sometimes people do different thumbnails or you know different graphics for each episode you don't have to do that it's not mandatory I do that for podcast your business because I know that I'm going to take that content put it on the website and I need you know based on the format of how things look on the website I need a nice thumbnail but if I didn't have that and I was just you know maybe I didn't even have a website for my podcast then I probably wouldn't change up the you know the thumbnails for each episode I think that would be an extra expense that I would just leave out let's talk about editing for a second when it comes to editing could you edit your own stuff maybe if again if you don't have any experience doing this already the technology is there to make it easier and easier but I'm all about simplifying things if you were going to invest anything that's a little bit more longterm with podcast I think editing should be it don't stress out about this there are good resources out there it is probably going to be your most expensive cost for your podcast that's just kind of how it is but there are resources out there that are fair that are reasonable and then you just get it off your plate and you know that someone else is going to do a really good job because that's their area of expertise so don't freak out about that also you could have an outro or intro sign sometimes your editor will just kind of do that for free sometimes it's a you know an extra cost but that's really just part of your startup and those that's really your cost to start up a podcast now let's talk a little bit about the next phas phase which is growth so you've already launched your show this is where we get into those consistent costs that you're going to see month after month so if you took my advice and you have a free podcast host then that continues to be free you don't have to pay for that and you could be in this growth phase for a while which is why I say listen if you don't have to pay for something don't pay for it I do think that it is important if you're thinking about the next stage which is monetization if you want to make money with your show it is important with the format for your show that you figure out if you want to do commercials and promos and things like that you need to think about where those are going to go in your show from the very be beginning even in the startup phase when you're thinking about your format now the free podcast hosting platforms out there aren't going to let you add what we call AD markers so that you know exactly where those spots are and you could run an ad in those spots that's going to be something you have to pay for but what I did in the beginning with my podcast is I had them on a very inexpensive platform it wasn't free but it was very inexpensive I would still create my episodes I would know where the ads are going to go and I would write down the time code for where those ads hit even though I wasn't on a platform where I could utilize that technology that's what I recommend podcasters do if you don't do that then when you're at the next phase for monetization it is going to cost you more money to go back into your episodes and find those spots so don't don't do that in the beginning like make sure that you know where those spots are just have a Google sheet that has the time codes on it for where those spots would hit and still stick with the free plan okay you may still have your graphics okay which uh that's really only if you're going to do the thumbnails per episode because you already have your artwork so you might even be able to cross that off your list entirely you're still going to have editing you know and I also Lump music into editing if at all possible really good way to save some money is to work with an editor that already has access to a good database of music and they incorporate that into your fee okay per episode that you pay otherwise you're going to have to have a some sort of subscription which they're not too bad in pricing um I use soundstripe and yeah it's really reasonable I can't remember what it is off the top of my head but I can download as much music as I want and it's the same it's a it's a flat rate but you know if you don't need that for other purposes see I do videos I do a lot of other things so I can justify that cost if you don't have those other kind of projects that you're working on then see if you can lump that in with your editor see if your editor can just add music and the other thing I think you add into the cost in the growth phase is podcast promotion you really think about okay I need to grow my podcast where do I promote it how do I promote it again this is the trial and error that I was talking about earlier now you could pay someone to do this because I'm assuming you're a busy person you may have your own business you've got other things maybe you've got a family you've got a life outside of podcasting so maybe you want to pay someone to do that that could be an added cost or it's just Sweat Equity right you are doing the search yourself you're sending out the emails yourself um as far as what this entails podcast promotion this could be posting on social media um this could be running ads on different platforms this could be reaching out to other podcasts for podcast cross promotion so that is an added thing to consider like I said you don't have to spend a lot of money in this if you're willing to do it yourself but time is money right so you got to factor all of that in so that's the second phase and then finally we're at the monetization phase one thing that I want to say off the top with monetization is if you are selling your own products and services you can get started with that right away in fact I always tell people like even in the startup phase as you're working on the format for your show this is your own stuff which you may already have produced you're just incorporating it into your podcast well it doesn't cost any additional money to mention that as your recording your show and these are products and services you are probably always going to want to promote so you don't have to worry about it going stale or anything like that or no longer offering those Services per se right so that's something you can do in the very beginning when I'm talking about monetization now I'm talking about prepping your show and getting ready for advertisers and working with them so again we still have podcast hosting but at this stage at the monetization stage is when I recommend that you upgrade and you can either upgrade on whatever platform you're already on so maybe they've got a free version and you can go to a paid version what you're looking for here are analytics and the ability to do Dynamic ad insertion which I'm a huge fan of okay and I've talked about that in a lot of episodes it may require you to change podcast host providers if that provider doesn't offer Dynamic ad insertion or the stats that you feel like you need okay but if you're going to start selling things you know specifically working with advertisers they need to know you know what your stats are and a lot of you know the free platforms they not going to give you a ton of stats and you really only need that by the way for the most recent 30 days is what most advertisers are looking for so don't worry about not having your whole history or whatever because you need to change podcast host providers not a huge deal okay you'll you may still have your graphics depending on whether or not you're doing that you know for every episode you still have your editing and your music you may have more podcast promotion now let's talk a little bit more about advertisers I feel like this is you know the whole ad coordination it's more time that you're going to have to spend as opposed to money again unless you hire someone else because it becomes too much because this really is a separate job you've got everything you know depending on whether you're working with a third party company to find you ads or not but you could be coordinating the deals you know you could be reaching out to these people you could be sending over contracts and then once the campaign starts or even right before the campaign starts you're going back and forth with ad components they may want to approve the ad there's a lot of back and forth then you've got the actual campaign and how it plays out they may want information on how the campaign is going so maybe you've got to send them screenshots and different things like that and then you've got the payment coordination right so you've got to come up with some sort of system for that if you don't already have you know that going on for you and it's important to know since we're talking about finances that it can take three months or more to get paid for a podcast campaign a lot of times what I do is I invoice every month like let's say it's an ongoing campaign so I won't just invoice at the end of The Campaign but I'll invoice on a monthly basis and that will definitely get you you know paid sooner than you know if you waited to the end and also the more people that are involved in these campaigns the longer it's going to take for you to get paid it can be kind of painful right I said at least three months well let's say there are multiple ad agencies involved well it's going to take at least three months for the first person to get paid and then you know they only process stuff on the 15th of the month you know so it's going to you know be at least x amount of time for them to send out the payment to another company and finally the podcaster you are the last to be paid so that's something else to consider as part of this whole financial process because if you're spending money you want to make sure you can get money as well okay now I know we've been talking for a long time this is a little bit longer of an episode than I thought it was going to be but really quickly I want to go through different areas where you can mitigate Financial risks in podcasting now you really got to look at this as a business right and if you are familiar in the business world there's something called an MVP which is not a Most Valuable Player it is your minimum viable product which means that is the minimum product that you can launch with now don't view this as a bad thing this doesn't mean that you're putting crap stuff out there I like to look at it like this what is the minimum that I can do to create a great podcast because again you can spend a ton and ton of money but you don't have to so what I want to do now there's a lot of different ways to do this so I'm just going to share with you my mindset when I launch a new show and the things that I'm usually committed to take it or leave it this is just kind of how I see things based on my experience which I've been doing this you know for a long time right so first I would commit to just doing an audio only podcast I wouldn't even think about video again there's other fees and everything associated with that don't even worry about that I would commit to doing it for one year if I'm doing weekly episodes now that's just me you may say there's absolutely no way I've got too much in my plate I can only do x amount of time think about what your maximum time is that you can fully commit to maybe that's only six months maybe that's three months whatever it is I would personally commit to one year because that gives you an overview of the different seasons the es and the flow so you can really see you know what you're looking at here I would purchase this is assuming that I'm brand new to podcasting I would purchase a solid microphone that can plug into my computer and that same microphone must work on my iPhone as well whatever phone you've got because you never know when you need to be on the go maybe you want to do a remote podcast somewhere and you're you know at an expo or something like that but it could also be that you've got to travel for other reasons and you don't want to bring a bunch of technology and you know gadgets and stuff with you so find a good one you can upgrade later okay I'm just talking about what I would do my minimum viable product I would create a Hosting account I am partial to inker which is now part of Spotify they have a great you know really easy way to create an account and they don't you know run ads on your show you know all that extra stuff that you don't want with a free account I would do exactly what I told you before I would really look at my format I would leave spots for ads i' create a Google sheet you're not going to have the technology to be able to put those ad markers in yet but that's there's nothing stopping you from going through that same process and just pausing for a second and marking that time code so when you are ready for ads you are all set I would take my art s feed I would publish it to as many destinations as possible which is really easy to do I've got even a one sheet that goes through the main sites because a lot of them are based on Apple podcast but there's a few other that you can publish too because you want people to find your show regardless of where they're at you don't want them to have to go searching for your show so be in as many destinations as possible I would hire an editor hey I have edited more than 500 podcast episodes and I still h hire an editor because I view my time is being very valuable and yes I could do it and sometimes I do do it just to save time I actually episode I I edit every episode for podcast your business because the format's really easy I just edit it as I go so it doesn't even make sense to send it off to an editor but some of my more advanced shows heck yeah I'm going to hire an editor I usually try to do things in bulk so it's one thing that I would recommend sometimes editor if you commit to sending them four episodes a month they'll give you a discount and so that may be something that you want to look at with your editor I would consistently publish my episodes whatever I've committed to I'm going to do for that period of time I said I'm going to do it for so in this case a year and let's say I'm going to do a weekly show because most people listen you know their whole schedule is based on things they do weekly right so I think that that's a good consistency for website stuff if I had a business that this was connected to would just use my business website and I would have a link in the main navigation for podcast and I would list my episodes there I would not create a separate website for that that is more money more time and you really don't need it at this stage I would use whatever social media channels I had I already had I wouldn't create anything new if it's connected to your business great maybe you can use some of that momentum and you know people that already follow you for your business and I would promote my episodes on those social media channels I would also join online groups that focus on podcasting so I can learn from them and a lot of times in those groups too there's opportunities to cross promote and you can do that for free so join those groups because you're going to learn a lot and then I would repeat this whole process I would keep doing this until my podcast became financially stable and what I mean by that is I get into a rhythm with all of this and then it grows to a stage P where I can start incorporating ads and there's a whole process for that so we're already kind of going long on this episode but that's where I think a lot of you fall right now you're you're kind you kind of you may feel like you're in this no man's land or how do I get to that monetization stage I've just given you a blueprint for doing that and I've done that with multiple podcasts the key is having good content and being consistent and if you feel like you're in a place where you're just going to throw in the towel and do what we call pod made which means they were there one day and they're not there now what happened oh they pod faded they're not doing their podcast anymore before you stop please listen to me please meet with a podcasting coach have them review your show and have them make recommendations because they will probably see some glaring things that you have not even considered because that's their area of expertise and I promise you if you do that you are going to be successful uccessful with your podcast doesn't mean it is going to have millions of downloads and you're going to make all this money from sponsors no not necessarily but if you come into into this with the right heart and the right intention you never know what's going to happen it may not really be about this podcast it may be that you have a guest on your show that leads you toward this whole other area that you never would have discovered another business opportunity you just don't know but if you didn't do your podcast and he didn't stick with it mitigating your financial risks along the way you never would have found that opportunity all right as we wrap up today's episode I do have a free handout for you it's called six huge money mistakes podcasters make since we're talking about finances today I thought this would be a good one to share so I will include the link to that in the description below we have a ton of free resources on our website at independent podcast. Network including blog posts more podcast episodes like this one we've got videos more handouts everything is free and if you're brand new to podcasting I have whole courses so don't spend any money you know save all your finances just come to our website and you can learn how to podcast for free until next week remember you should start a

- MrBeast Advice For Wannabe Content Creators And Influencers: Kind: captions Language: en now having grown his multi-million dollar Empire through making YouTube videos Jimmy Donaldson popularly known as Mr Beast is the poster child for becoming successful at creating online content however in a reason tweet Mr Beast expressed his concerns about people quitting their 9 to5 jobs to become content creators successful influencers have since reacted to his suggestion by giving their own advice on how to earn a stable income online Mr Beast tweeted to his 29 million followers and said it's painful to see people quit their job or drop out of school to make content full-time before they're ready for every person like me that makes it thousands don't keep that in mind and be smart please despite his financial stability from YouTube Mr Beast made a point as viewers on social media see influencers trying to make it online every day whether it's to promote Talent advocate for others or sell name brand products it takes time for self-made influencers to profit off of their content so unless you have side gigs to sustain your income maintaining Financial ability may be difficult but then there are the success stories of content creators like Mr Beast and Jake Paul who have all taken their initial claim to fame and turned it into something much bigger especially financially being that Mr Beast may not be able to put a stop to people quitting their jobs to become content creators viewers in his comments on Twitter gave their recommendations on how to become successful influencers my advice to anyone who wants to be a content creator is at least have a part-time job until it's sustainable it took me 6 years before I could do this fulltime don't put yourself in a bad situation especially if you have a family another user also added and say that yes it works way better with less stress if you already are coaching or Consulting outside of YouTube the content can then support the business already in motion another user added to the conversation and said quit your job to follow your passion is one of the worst advice to give and to act upon you disregard the importance of financial stability and worse put the pressure of earning a livelihood on your person from day one engage on the sides hone your art be patient and when your side income is greater than your main income take the leap of faith until then keep working on the side good things take time Pro is the amateur that showed up every day though online content does look to be over saturated there's always a chance of success on the horizon and Mr Beast work proves this so what do you guys think comment down below and as always don't forget to like And subscribe thanks for watching and see you in the next video

- The Single Income Trap: Why Your Job Is a Financial Risk in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en You know that quiet Sunday evening feeling? The weekend is fading into memory. The shadow of Monday morning starts to creep in. It is a subtle anxiety that settles in your stomach. You think about the week ahead. You picture your desk in your computer screen. You mentally walk through the meetings you have to attend. You feel a familiar sense of resignation. This is just how it is. This is what being an adult feels like. But what if that feeling is not just about the work itself? What if it is a deeper financial anxiety you cannot quite name? It is the unspoken fear that your entire world rests on a single pillar. One job, one boss, one paycheck. We are taught to see this as stability. We are told that a good job is the foundation of a secure life. But in the world of 2026, that is one of the most dangerous financial myths you can believe. My name is Jack and I obsess over the hidden scripts that run our financial lives. I analyze the systems that keep people trapped and explore the mental shifts required to break free. If you are ready to look beyond the conventional wisdom and build genuine financial resilience, then you are in the right place. Make sure you subscribe and click the thumbs up button if this video helps you see your income differently. Now, let's talk about the illusion of the single income stream. Picture a sturdy wooden table. It has four strong legs, one at each corner. You can place a heavy load on this table. It will not wobble. It will not collapse. It is stable and reliable. Now, imagine a different table. This one has only one leg right in the center. It might look stylish and modern. It can still hold a plate or a book if you are very careful. But what happens if you lean on it too hard? What happens if the floor is slightly uneven? What happens if that single leg develops a crack? The entire structure comes crashing down. Your one job is that single leg. For decades, this model seemed to work. Our grandparents could join a company, work hard for 40 years, and retire with a pension. The company took care of them. The single leg was made of solid oak, but that world is gone. It is a black and white photograph in a history book. In 2026, that single leg is made of balsa wood. Companies no longer offer loyalty. Pensions are a relic of the past, replaced by 401k plans that place all the risk on you. Automation is not a distant threat from a science fiction movie. It is happening right now, quietly replacing roles that were once considered safe. The global economy is more connected and volatile than ever before. A crisis on the other side of the world can lead to budget cuts in your local office. Your job is not a fortress. It is a temporary agreement. It is an arrangement that can be terminated with a single email. Think about the language we use. We talk about a job market. A market is a place of buying and selling. Your employer is buying your time and your skills. But in any market, demand can change without warning. Relying on one buyer for 100% of your income is not a strategy. It is a gamble. You are betting your entire financial life on the hope that your single employer will need you, value you, and be able to pay you forever. That is a terrifying bet to make and your brain knows this. Even if you do not consciously think about it. This is the source of that Sunday evening anxiety. It is the background radiation of financial fragility. When you have only one source of income, you operate from a position of weakness. Every decision is filtered through a lens of fear. You hesitate to ask for a raise you know you deserve. What if they say no? What if they see you as demanding and put you on a future layoff list? You tolerate a toxic work environment or a terrible boss. You cannot afford to leave. The risk of having no paycheck is too great. You say yes to extra projects you do not have time for. You work late nights and weekends sacrificing your health and relationships. You feel you have to prove your worth constantly just to protect that single income stream. This is not freedom. This is a golden cage. The paycheck feels like a reward, but it is also the chain that keeps you in place. Your potential for growth becomes capped by your employer's budget. Your creativity is limited to the tasks assigned to you. You cannot take a risk on a new idea. You cannot take a month off to travel and recharge. You cannot tell your boss what you really think. Your choices are constrained by your dependence on that single paycheck. Now, let's look at the alternative. Imagine that same Sunday evening, but this time something is different. You still have your main job, but you also have a small side business that brings in $500 a month. You own a few dividend stocks that pay you $50 every quarter. You have an affiliate marketing website that generates $100 a month in passive income. None of these streams are massive. They do not replace your main salary, but they change everything psychologically. The anxiety in your stomach is gone. It is replaced by a quiet confidence. Your main job is no longer your entire world. It is simply your largest income stream among several. That single table leg now has three other smaller supports around it. If the main leg gets a little wobbly, the table does not crash. It just tilts slightly. You have time to fix the main leg or strengthen the others. This is the power of diversification. We understand this concept with investments. No financial adviser would tell you to put all your money into a single stock. That would be incredibly foolish. Yet, most people put 100% of their earning potential into a single job. We are diversifying our assets, but not our ability to earn those assets in the first place. It is a fundamental flaw in modern financial planning. The shift that happens in your brain is profound. When you go into your performance review, you are no longer asking for a raise from a position of desperation. You are negotiating from a position of strength. You know that even if the worst happens and you lose this job, you are not starting from zero. You have other income flowing in. This confidence changes how you carry yourself. It changes how you speak. Your boss can sense that you are not desperate. This ironically makes you more valuable in their eyes. When that toxic co-worker makes a comment, you are more likely to address it calmly and directly. You are not afraid of rocking the boat because you have your own life rafts. When a new exciting opportunity comes along that might pay less initially but has huge growth potential, you can actually consider it. You are not trapped by the need to maintain your current salary at all costs. You have options. The word options is the true definition of wealth. It is not about owning a fancy car or a big house. It is about having the freedom to make choices that align with your values, not your fears. Multiple income streams are the engine of financial options. Now I can hear the objections already. But Jack, I do not have time to start something else. I work a demanding job and have a family. I am already exhausted by the end of the day. This is the most common and the most understandable objection. And it is based on a misconception. The goal is not to get a second full-time job. The goal is to build systems that generate income without requiring a constant input of your time. Think about the time you spend on low-value activities. How many hours a week do you spend scrolling through social media? How much time is spent watching television shows you will forget by next week? We are not talking about eliminating all leisure time. But what if you redirected just three or four hours per week? That is the length of two movies. Over a month, that is 12 to 16 hours of focused effort. Over a year, that is a significant amount of time to build something new. The issue is often not a lack of time, but a lack of focused energy and a clear plan. Another common objection is, I do not have any special skills. What could I possibly offer that someone would pay for? This is almost always a failure of imagination, not a lack of ability. You have decades of experience and knowledge that you take for granted. Are you the person friends always ask for advice about relationships? That is a potential coaching business. Are you unusually good at organizing closets and decluttering homes? That is a service people will gladly pay for. Do you know how to bake amazing sourdough bread? You could sell it at a local market or create an online course teaching others. Can you speak another language fluently? Tutoring services are in high demand. Are you an expert in a specific video game? You could stream on Twitch or create strategy guides. The skills do not have to be formal or certified. They just have to provide value to someone else. Make a list of everything you know how to do from fixing a leaky faucet to planning a child's birthday party. You will be shocked at the length of that list. Somewhere on that list is a potential income stream waiting to be born. The third big objection is fear. What if I fail? What if I invest time and money and get nothing in return? This fear is valid, but it is misdirected. You are focusing on the small risk of a side project failing, but you are ignoring the massive catastrophic risk of your single income stream disappearing overnight. Which failure is worse? Losing a few hundred and 20 hours on a project that did not work out, or losing your entire livelihood with no backup plan, building multiple income streams is a form of insurance. You pay a small premium in the form of your time and effort to protect yourself from financial ruin. Furthermore, the concept of failure needs to be reframed. If you launch a project and it does not make money, you have not failed. You have paid for an education. You have learned what does not work. You have gained new skills. You have made connections. Your second attempt will be smarter and more efficient. The only true failure is allowing the fear to paralyze you into doing nothing. So, how do you actually start? It feels overwhelming, like trying to climb a mountain. The key is to start with a single small step. The goal is not to make $1,000 next month. The goal is to make $1, just one. Making your first dollar outside of your primary job is a monumental psychological victory. It proves the concept. It shows you that it is possible. It rewires your brain to see opportunities instead of obstacles. Maybe you sell a used book online. That is a new income stream. Maybe you answer a paid survey. That is a new income stream. Maybe you pets sit for a neighbor for $20. That is a new income stream. Start with the smallest, easiest thing you can think of. This is what I call the income snowball. You start with a tiny ball of snow, that first dollar. Then you roll it forward. You take the skills or confidence from that first dollar and aim for $10. Then you aim for $100 a month. Let's break down the types of income streams you can build. They generally fall into three broad categories. The first category is active income from a second source. This is where you are still trading your time for money. Examples include freelancing, consulting, or taking on part-time work in the gig economy, driving for Uber, delivering food, or finding freelance writing gigs on platforms like Upwork. The advantage of this is that it is often the fastest way to start earning. The disadvantage is that it is not scalable. If you stop working, the money stops coming in. It diversifies your income source, but it is still reliant on your active time. This is a good first step, but it should not be the final destination. The second category is portfolio or investment income. This is where your money starts working for you. This includes dividend income from stocks, interest from bonds or high yield savings accounts, and capital gains from selling investments. This is a cornerstone of long-term wealth building. The beauty of this is that it is completely passive. Your money is doing the heavy lifting 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The challenge is that it requires capital to start. You need money to make money. This is why it should be developed in parallel with other streams. The money you earn from your active side hustle can be funneled into your investment portfolio. This creates a powerful synergy. Your active work buys the assets that will one day pay for your freedom. The third category is the holy grail. Passive income from business or royalties. I want to be very clear here. Passive income is a misleading term. It does not mean you do nothing and money magically appears. It means you do the work upfront and the system you build continues to pay you over and over again with minimal ongoing effort. Think of a musician who writes a hit song. They do the work of writing and recording it once, but they earn royalties every time it is played on the radio or streamed online for years to come. Think of an author who writes a book. The intense work is done once, but the book can sell copies for decades. In the digital age of 2026, the opportunities for this are endless. You could create an online course teaching a skill you have mastered. You build the course once and it can be sold thousands of times. You could start a YouTube channel focused on a specific niche. The videos you create today can earn ad revenue for years. You could build a niche website and earn money through affiliate marketing. You write the articles once and they attract traffic and generate commissions over time. You could design and sell digital products like ebooks, templates, or stock photos. The cost of creation is your time, but the cost of replication is zero. This is the most scalable form of income. It decouples your earnings from the hours you work. This is where true financial leverage is created. An ideal strategy involves a blend of all three. You use your primary job, your main active income, to cover your living expenses and provide initial investment capital. You start a small active side hustle, category 1, to generate extra cash flow quickly. You then take that extra cash flow and systematically invest it into your portfolio, category two, and into building a passive income business, category three. This is not a get-rich quick scheme. This is a get-rich for sure system. It requires patience, discipline, and a long-term perspective. Most people will not do this. They will continue to complain about their job. They will continue to live with that quiet Sunday evening anxiety. They will hope for a raise or a promotion to solve their problems. But hope is not a financial plan. Let's talk about the mathematical reality of this. Imagine you earn $60,000 a year from your main job. After taxes, let's say your take-home pay is $48,000 or $4,000 per month. This entire $4,000 is dependent on one source. Now, let's say you build a small side business that nets you an extra $500 per month. You have not just increased your income by 12.5%. You have fundamentally changed your financial risk profile. Now, only 87.5% of your income is at the mercy of your employer. You have created a buffer. You have bought yourself a piece of freedom. What can you do with that extra $500? You could use it to pay off debt faster, freeing up even more cash flow. You could invest all of it into a lowcost index fund. At an 8% average annual return, that $500 per month becomes over $78,000 in 10 years. It becomes over $250,000 in 20 years. It becomes nearly $700,000 in 30 years. That small seemingly insignificant side income stream has the power to build generational wealth if you are patient. It transforms your financial trajectory from a straight line into an upward curving exponential graph. But the most powerful effect is not even mathematical. It is the shift in your identity. When you earn money from multiple sources that you created and control, you stop seeing yourself as just an employee. You are no longer just a marketing manager or a software developer. You become an entrepreneur. You become an investor. You become the chief executive officer of you incorporated. Your life is your business and you are in charge of its revenue streams. This mindset shift permeates every area of your life. You start seeing problems not as annoyances but as potential business opportunities. Your neighbor complains about how hard it is to find a reliable house cleaner. Your entrepreneur brain lights up. You read an article about the rise of a new social media platform. Your investor brain starts thinking about which companies will benefit. you become more resilient, more creative, and more in control of your destiny. This is the real reason you need multiple income streams in 2026. It is not just about the money. It is about reclaiming your power. It is about insulating yourself from the whims of a volatile job market. It is about transforming fear into confidence. It is about building a life where you have choices. The world has changed. The social contract between employers and employees is broken. Continuing to rely on a single source of income is like navigating a stormy sea in a raft with a slow leak. You might be fine for a while, but eventually you are going to sink. Building multiple income streams is like building a proper boat. It takes work. You have to gather the materials. You have to learn how to put them together. But once it is built, you are no longer at the mercy of the waves. You can choose your destination. You can navigate the storms. You are the captain of your own ship. Do not wait for a layoff to be your wakeup call. Do not wait for a medical emergency to reveal your financial fragility. The time to start building your second income stream is now. Start today. Start small. Sell one thing, offer one service, make $1. That $1 is the most important money you will ever earn because it represents a new beginning. It is the first brick in the foundation of your financial fortress. It is the proof that you are more than your job title. You are the architect of your own financial future. And that future begins not with a lottery win or a stock market miracle. It begins with a simple, powerful decision to create your second source of income. Trust me, your future self living with confidence and options will thank you for

- LLC for Content Creators, Influencers & Youtubers (2026) Why Your YouTube Channel Needs an LLC?: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the explainer. So, today we're going to tackle a topic that sounds really complicated, but honestly, it's the single most important thing you can do to protect yourself as a creator. Setting up an LLC. Let's break down exactly why this is your ultimate legal shield. You know, this all came into sharp focus with a huge lawsuit. When YouTuber Tasha K got hit with a multi-million dollar defamation suit from Cardi B, it wasn't just her channel that was in trouble. Nope. Because she didn't have the right legal structure, her personal assets. We're talking her house, her car, everything she owned were suddenly on the line. This case just highlights a massive, massive risk that most creators completely ignore. Okay, so let's bring this home to you. Let's say you get hit with a bogus copyright claim, a defamation lawsuit, or a sponsorship deal just goes completely south. Could you lose it all? Right now, for most creators out there, the answer is a terrifying yes. But it absolutely doesn't have to be. All right, let's map this out. We're going to start with the number one risk you're facing right now. Then we'll get into your legal shield, what it is and what it does. We'll walk through exactly how to build it the right way, and then talk about the huge payoffs. We'll also cover the one critical mistake that can make it all completely worthless, and we'll finish up with a big mindset shift. This video contains affiliate links. Before we dive into the strategies for scaling your channel and landing bigger brand deals, let's talk about the foundation. You absolutely cannot protect your personal assets or keep the IRS off your back without a properly structured business entity. Most YouTubers and content creators run their channels as a sole proprietor, mixing their AdSense revenue directly with their personal bank accounts, and that's why they get crushed at tax time or leave themselves totally exposed to copyright claims. Your channel is a real business. And whether you are breaking down business news, covering the newest game leaks, or building a media empire, it needs to be a legitimate, separate legal entity. That's where Bizzy comes in. Busy is the absolute best service out there for creators, handling your entire LLC formation for just $0 plus state fees. They take care of your articles of organization, your registered agent service, your EIN, which you need to open a proper business bank account for those sponsorships, and your compliance alerts. They handle the boring legal paperwork so you can stay focused on writing scripts, designing thumbnails, and creating content, all while establishing that crucial legal separation between your personal life and your YouTube channel. This is non-negotiable if you want to treat your content like a true business and protect your wealth. I've dropped a special link in the description below. Use my link to get your creator LLC set up through Busy today and unlock some exclusive perks and discounts. Get that handled first and then let's get back to growing the channel. So, right out of the gate, here's the deal. If you're making any money at all from your YouTube channel, the government automatically views you as something called a sole proprietor. This is how basically everyone starts. But as you start to grow, it quickly becomes the most dangerous position you can be in. And this is where it gets really, really clear. Look at the difference. As a sole proprietor, there is zero legal separation between you and your channel. You are the business. So, if your channel gets sued, you get sued personally. your savings account, your car, your home, it is all fair game. An LLC, on the other hand, creates a totally separate legal person. Now, the business gets sued, not you. It's that simple. And it's the fundamental switch from being a hobbyist to a protected professional. All right, so let's talk about the solution. Let's look at how we build a firewall between your personal life and your business life. So, think of an LLC as like literal legal armor for your personal life. It tells the world and more importantly the law that your channel is its own thing separate from you. This means if a lawsuit pops up, let's say for a copyright or defamation, they sue the LLC. Only the assets owned by the business itself, like the money in its bank account, are at risk, not your personal stuff. So, you're ready to build your shield. Great. But here's the thing, and this is super important. Just having an LLC isn't enough. You have to create it and just as importantly, maintain it the right way. Getting this right is absolutely non-negotiable. Okay, let's walk through the blueprint step by step. First, pick a unique name that ends with LLC. Easy enough. Second, and this is key for your privacy, you appoint a registered agent. We'll talk more about that in a sec. Third, you file the official paperwork with your state. This will cost you a bit, maybe 50 bucks, maybe a few hundred depending on where you live. Once that's approved, you get a free EIN from the IRS. Think of it like a social security number, but for your business. Step five is creating an operating agreement. That's just your company's internal rule book. And finally, and I cannot stress this enough, you open a separate business bank account. This last step is the one that keeps your shield strong. Let's zero in on this registered agent thing for a sec because honestly, this is huge for creators. You could list your own home address, but that means your private address is now in the public record for anyone to find. Not great. For about a h 100 bucks a year, you can hire a professional service that lets you use their address instead. This is a gamecher for protecting your privacy and your personal safety. Okay, so where you set up your LLC actually matters a lot. Doing it in your home state is usually the simplest, but some states, like Wyoming, for example, have incredibly strong laws that give you even more privacy and make it way harder for someone to sue your LLC successfully. Since a YouTube channel is a digital business, you often have the flexibility to shop around and form your company in the state that gives you the best possible protection. Okay, the shield is built. Now for the fun part, the payoffs. And this isn't just about playing defense. It's about putting more money in your pocket and leveling up your entire operation. Right? Once you have that LLC, you can unlock this amazing tax strategy. It's called electing to be taxed as an S corporation. Now, this doesn't change your LLC legally. It's just a different way of telling the IRS how to handle your taxes. And for creators who are making a steady income, say over $40 or $50,000 a year in profit, this is where you can save some serious cash. And here's how it works. It's actually pretty brilliant. See, without it, every single dollar of profit you make gets hit with that nasty 15.3% self-employment tax. But with an escorp election, you split your income. You pay yourself a reasonable salary, what someone else would get paid to do your job, and you definitely want a CPA to help you figure out that number. Only that salary gets hit with the full tax. The rest of the profit, you can take that as a distribution, which is not subject to self-employment tax. For a growing channel, we're talking thousands, maybe even tens of thousands of dollars back in your pocket every year. And look, don't just take it from me. As one creator on Reddit said, their biggest regret was waiting too long and getting slammed with a hefty tax bill. This is a real thing. people kick themselves for not doing sooner. But it's not just about the legal stuff and the taxes. An LLC completely changes the game professionally. It signals to brands and sponsors that you are serious. It builds instant credibility. It turns your channel from just a creative outlet into a real tangible asset that you could one day sell. I mean, every top creator you can think of, from Mr. Beast to Retin Link, run their entire empire through LLC's. Okay, so you've built the shield. You're feeling good, but listen up because this is where everything can go wrong. Setting up the LLC is only step one. If you don't maintain it correctly, if you start treating it like it's not a real separate thing, then a court can decide it isn't real either. And that legal shield you built, it will shatter. Yeah, there's a fancy legal term for this, piercing the corporate veil. That veil is the legal wall between you and your business. It's what keeps you safe. But if a judge decides you haven't been respecting that wall, they can just tear it down. And just like that, you are completely exposed again. It's like the LLC never even existed. Suddenly, your house, your car, everything is back on the table. So, how does this happen? Well, the number one way, the absolute biggest mistake creators make is mixing money. It's called co-mingling funds. Using your business bank account to pay your personal rent, that's a fatal error. Buying groceries with a company debit card, huge mistake. You have to maintain a clean, strict separation between your money and the business's money. No exceptions. That along with bad recordkeeping is the fastest way to destroy your own protection. So really, all of this boils down to one simple but massive mindset shift. And it's probably the most important thing to take away from this entire explainer. From this day forward, you are not entering into a brand deal. Your business is. The LLC signs the contract. the LLC is the one that gets paid. You are just an owner or an employee of that business. This separation isn't just some legal paperwork. It's a discipline you have to practice every single day. So, I'll leave you with this question, and your answer really changes everything. Are you just a creator making videos, or are you the CEO of a media business? Because if you're building a business, it is time to start protecting it like

  Top Comments:
  1. @bizassurance: ►(#ad) 𝐒𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐩 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐁𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐬𝐬 (𝐋𝐋𝐂/𝐂𝐨𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐁𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐞 ➡ https://tidd.ly/4clw0ul

►𝐁𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐞 𝐅𝐮𝐥𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐰 ➡ https://youtu.be/xT3FcQkeWpw

- How Much Money I Made After 1 Year of OnlyFans Starting With ZERO FOLLOWING: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up I'm that ER nurse and today's video is finally here it's the one year anniversary of me starting and only fans I can't believe it I can't believe it's been a year so here is the video that you guys have been highly highly requesting how much money I made and how I made it after one year of doing only fans starting with zero following meaning my Twitter my Reddit Instagram Tick Tock YouTube only fans obviously had no following how I built that up how much money I made and how I did it also as a side note guys I am sick again I've been sick so many times this year so My Voice normally doesn't sound like this and it's kind of yucky and I might have to cough a lot you'll see me drinking a lot of fizzy water we're gonna get through this let's talk numbers so I have two different pages on my only fans I've got my pay-per-view content page where I don't do any messaging I don't do anything like that it's basically just a warehouse that houses all of my pay-per-view content free to subscribe but you have to pay to unlock the content there's that page and then there's my main only fans page which is like paid to subscribe you can message me directly you get Daily Posts a lot of benefits like a discounted pay-per-view content free videos every month if your rebuilds on etc etc those are my two different pages so this is the combined total between those two I went live with my only fans page on June 27th of 2022 and I'm taking this up to June 30th of 2023 just because I prefer a round little number there so basically from the end of June of 22 to the end of June of 2023. gross meaning the number total prior to only fans taking out their 20 percent between the two pages I made and 23 cents net meaning what I brought home after only fans takes out their chunk ninety five thousand two hundred ninety two dollars and thirty four cents true true real real talk I did not imagine ever that it would get to this point obviously I hoped that it would and I have this like ambition to be like a major hustler in the game and like kill it like some of the big names do but I also realized that probably wouldn't happen number one I didn't think I was attractive enough number two I knew like I work full time in the ER like I wasn't going to be able to make this my full-time thing number three I suck at social media still suck at social media trying to get better trying to get better but I still suck at it if it's going to be a big money maker it's got to be a full-time thing and it is 24 7. like if you've ever run your own job like your own business bro it's 24 7 all the time there are no days off it's just you you're the boss you're on call it's about you you're the content you are the business so I just didn't think that I would make that kind of money because I was working full-time in the ER I really thought that I if we can make like two thousand dollars a month that would be so great so helpful it would be such a relief to our family and give us so much more Breathing Room between our two mortgages our two student loans the car payment our utilities groceries whatever you name it like I just thought that if I can get two thousand a month and only doing it poor time but I'll tell you what I never did it part time ever it was never a part-time thing when I was first starting especially dude I was always on the I was always online checking all my messages like at work and I'd be like every time I go to the bathroom or I'd like sneak it really quick on my lunch it was like full time while I was working full-time and it's a lot it's a lot how did I do it how did I make almost a hundred seventeen thousand dollars in 12 months with zero following zero experience I had no idea what I was doing I was terrible at promoting myself on social media platforms and so many creators bread and butter is the short form media the Instagram reels and tick tocks they say it's just like candy they're just like popping out those guys just to like it doesn't even matter about quality they just want to get as much stuff out there because that's how they drive traffic to their only fans so how did I do it before I go into this I just want to preface this by saying there is no right way there is no one way obviously you can tell by me because so many people think oh I just have to go and like pump out all these tick tocks and Instagram reels and shorts and whatever obviously that's not what I did and I was still like what I think is successful in my first year on my only fans so even though you've probably watched multiple videos from only fans content creators telling you how they did it what works for them what the recipe is for them it's not a one size fits all and just because something works for somebody doesn't mean that it's going to work for you I don't want you to hear what I say and think that's what I'm going to do this is what I have to do you do you you do what is best for you but this is what I did the real reason that my only fans was successful is because of my YouTube page I don't think that's very typical usually it's from the short forms again Tick Tock Instagram reels that's usually where people are driving their traffic through I stupidly didn't even like do Tick Tock like I literally like created one posted one picture of myself with like a song in the background and that was it and it was really really foolish of me if I would have just like tried and given a damn about tick tock I could have made maybe a lot more money than what I did that being said my advice and what I think works and what worked in my case is to cast a wide net be on all those socials be on all of them be active on all of them and know the restrictions know what the restrictions are because if you post something that Instagram is like they will sequester your page meaning they will they can even like Shadow ban you and not tell you so you'll be making all this content doing these stupid like shorts and reels and tick tocks whatever and they're not even putting it out there they're not even going to push it because you're a shadow band so even though you're putting all this like time and effort into it it's not going anywhere and that's like madaming to think of isn't it spread a wide net but put your main focus and energies into what you are best at and what you like to do most because I was true to myself and stuck with something that spoke to me that I'm good at that is what drove traffic because I'm not like a typical adult star because I'm not a tick tock social media Queen I had to stick with what I knew I was good at which is like teaching and I knew I could draw people in with personality so basically cast a wide net but Focus your energies of what you're good at focus it on your Niche focus it on your personality on what you're good at because that's what people want to see because that's what differentiates only fans from just like adult content that they can find for free online everywhere but only fans is personal and that's what people are wanting they want that personal connection or they want something specific that they can't find anywhere else and that's why they're there and paying you money all right guys that's it that's how much money I made and how I made it in one year starting with zero following unreal if you would like to see my only fans I've got my link tree link down below give it a click and click on my only fans link it'll take you right to it also if you are inspired by this video you want to create your own only fans I have a referral code as well click the link tree click the referral code link and it will take you to only fans where you would set up your profile and your account as you normally would and only fans gives me a kickback for referring you and please do follow me on all the social medias that I have I have them all listed on the top of my link tree for you I've got Instagram I've got Twitter I've got Tick Tock I got Reddit I got threads I got it all I've got it all dude I've got all of them so go ahead give those a click give those a follow I'd love to hear from you guys if you enjoyed the video if you have any other questions if you have requests for other videos please do leave them down in the comments below I read through each and every comment it's been a blast you guys thanks so much for watching this video and for all of your questions and support and comments really do appreciate it alright guys stay safe be well I'll see you next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @2020Bookworm [2 likes]: Who does you're income taxes?
  2. @LifeSmellsSoGood: People coming over here to judge are funny. Keep scrolling. Why are you so interested in this content?
  3. @katrinarobin4034: You need to repent and find Christ. You may be making money now but you’re not storing up riches in Heaven and I pity you.
  4. @Fififarfall: I see some of the girls making money doing this and am convinced men just like the average white girl next door, maybe it’s more attainable and seems more realistic to them? You’d think they would pay for something they could never get in real life. She looks 35 too, and then you have all these self proclaimed alpha males say women hit the wall at 25 lol and then see this. Truthfully men want whatever they can get, as long as you’re not obese or physically very unhealthy . I’m genuinely baffled as to how this lady makes any money, I see more beautiful women every day and I live in a boring bland city…
  5. @Fififarfall: I see what some of the women who look like make money off OF and realize you don’t have to be pretty, you just have to look like the attainable girl next door… I’ve seen 8 women today who look way better than this.
  6. @beigemauve: She looks like an old lady.... i really hope you dont have children already or will. You can make easy money, but at the cost of the dignity of your child.
  7. @alexnorth3393: Why bother with university then? Might as well do prostitution, no? It's the pathetic men that pay for this garbage that I blame
  8. @nasalies1292: A lot of people on the path to no peace in here. Repent of your ways or it won't end well.
  9. @GreatRetro: I just feel like I'm retarded at this point... why the fk should i work my ass off when there is such an easy and pleasent way to make so much money?!
  10. @abominablesnowman99: Damn.... and you're a 4/10 at best. That's not bad. Good for your hussle lady.
  11. @huleshoney: Good for you lady, Thank you for sharing xxx
  12. @datther: It doesn't matter if you suck at social media, if you suck.  A key skill of the female.
  13. @datther: Aren't you fortunate that simps abound, paying you for nothing.  But max out while you're hot.  The money dries up when you're not
  14. @PieterdeGreef-j9i: Dear girl, how about giving your body, soul and spirit to your husband only? You'll not get many rewards, but one big one.
  15. @XKXKIXKXK: Fortunately, 95+% of women that sell their bodies on OF fail after selling their souls.
  16. @hankpatteraon: Where can i find this work and is there hardcore
  17. @eduardochantos1573: 🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
  18. @timinthesun: Your pimp Leonid Radvinsky recently died from cancer. God is trying to tell you something.
  19. @timinthesun: But how much has it cost you?
  20. @ellier21: After reading so many hateful comments…… people! Someone pays those people and they do make money. If no sick people watch porn, there will be no porn industry and the website so…. Who do you blame for? Her? Really? Always a woman??? No audience, no money so simple

- 🔥 Buying Instagram Girls Paid Subscriptions SHOCKING Truth!😱 (Exclusive Content): Kind: captions Language: en So hello guys, welcome to another new video today and in today's video we will see a system which is my favorite content brother. You can show this as much as you want. So today the video is going to be fun. Fasten the seat belt. Today we are going to see exclusive content posted by brother girl gamers and some of them are not even gamers. He is a gamer in name only. The rest of the work is the same system to system. In today's time, his system works more than that of Elvis Bhai. So today's video is going to be a lot of fun. Don't skip at all. And if you are new to the channel then subscribe. Now see, Elvis Yadav's system does not work as much as these girls ' system does. So what is there in the system of these girls that one has to pay ₹1000 for exclusive. After that, the system is available to be seen, which boys can also see for free. Well, you bastards, you know where you can get it for free. And rest watch this video till the end. I swear brother, it will be a lot of fun. But go and see it alone because if you get hit by a slipper, I do n't guarantee it. You know that till date your brother has never taken any guarantee for the slippers. So let's go guys. Come brother, come. You are going to make this content your favorite. Let's Controversial Instagram Influencers Who are these controversial ones? This is controversial. This Kanni Gaming is not our Dynamo ji's sister-in-law, where did Dynamo ji's sister-in-law go from? Our sister-in-law has been Dynamo ji's girlfriend. Leave it for some time, we will not talk about it. Well, brother, 3000 people have subscribed to it. By paying ₹400. But let me tell you a twist in this. I just saw here try it for free 14 days. All these guys, all the rascals, they must be cancelling it after 14 days, so these 3000 rupees are not real, according to me they must be doing it brother, they must be doing it by trying the system for free, you can also go and do it, so I mean, I saw the whole system, after that when it came to paying after 14 days, then let's do it like this brother, hey friend, this is free, right? Guys, you must not be earning that much money, probably from Instagram subscription, yes, you must be earning around ₹6 lakh, but all the guys must not be real because I showed you, they have done that for 14 days, it must not be with a free trial, brother, by the way, I get a subscription, a badge story, what is it, subscription, badge story, live video, subscriber, social channel, there will be a pair of them, follow the badge, subscription experience, yes, follow, brother, what is there in this, brother, let's start [Music] take it brother, take it, yes, no problem, yes, okay, hey, it goes beyond this, brother, so what, next story is not left, friends, for ₹400 You can get Prime Plus in BGM, if you take it then you will get 5 UC daily. Along with that, you will also get many coupons through which you can open crates of 10-10 UC. So why is it showing only the case below here? You will see this anywhere on the website, so you can show your face a little. Follow your brother, brother tells you to start. What happens to you brother after meeting? The approach was casual, friends. [ __ ] brother. So you tell someone good night okay brother I was just saying that save ₹400 what happened to this Puchhivachchi I will give it to you give me ₹400 I will turn it on bastard come on hi guys I brought this drink from Hyderabad its name is I can and it is such a small energy drink and I am going to try it with you guys okay brother what is this place to keep it what is this table is this [music] you are getting the same thing here in which everyone was roasting. That's it, that's it, brother, this is all that can happen here. What program did you show me? You can see the rest for yourself in the lake. So guys now there is no need to take next. As your brother told me, try it after 14 days and then cancel it. it happens. Harshita Shukla Harsh ₹00 Hey Baba, there is no need for subscription. You will find two posts which are shown above. Take it brother. Didn't you understand this? The two posts I will see later have been shown here. Harshit ji, you have to hide this only then people will take it for granted. And guys next, hey man, he does n't even know the system and how he is selling the goods. We also have a normal photo of 211 followers. And this is a somewhat normal reel. Brother, these are normal photos. 400 rupees are wasted, friend. ₹400 for what? Cheating cheating cheating. Brother, wait, wait, wait. I haven't seen the stories yet. It is written here, what type of exclusive content do you want to see? Don't ask people. We boys will not do it at all, we will tell them to walk on our reverse feet and show us, do this, do that. No no, say anything Kanni Gaming ji, no, this guy can get anything done. Do you understand? This story of Oh Guys and Don't Correct Me is gaming. I call it Kanni. It has happened due to some things. Yes, yes. Hey hey hey Ila, what's going on? Sh hey friend [ __ ] man [ __ ] these female groups of girls, that's why I am jealous of them because they teach all sorts of nonsense, I have seen my friend many times that they teach all sorts of nonsense, hey this, that, they teach all sorts of nonsense, it happens, you might not know, you thought the bottle got opened with your friend, hey what is this, winter lips, something plumpy, something dry, hey friend, friend, it is much better than this, guys, Prime Plus of ₹400 is much better, Prime Plus of ₹400 is much better, try it friend, whenever any good thing comes, this physics guy comes, he will definitely teach me there, brother, studies, come on brother, I have shown you and a lot more happens and you will have to see for yourself, next is their Blossom subscription, it is of ₹200, we had got it roasted on another channel, brother, I had got it reacted to its roast. This also has the same scene brother. Its trial is also free for 14 countries, so you can try it and then delete it again. Okay, I am not giving you any money now. that occur. Brother, I am feeling a little scared. You're all sad for what? Hey, it's nothing brother. Look brother, I have applied the powder. Literally you are not getting any post. That 's right, friend. Guys, those girls who don't have any exclusive content are not good. I am telling you the truth. Now you will ask what he is judging by. Brother, he is a true friend. He said, what should I say to you now? You yourself are intelligent brother, this is a fraud, this girl is not nonsense, guys, next you are getting Dobi subscription for ₹300, Dobi subscription, okay brother, you have come to the feed, first of all let's see the stories, the first story in which she is sharing her morning with whom, friends, in the second she has flown away, in the third she is giving a wipe, in the fourth she kissed him again, in the fifth she said this, this is normal, if any girl is showing exclusive content like this, then it is normal, normal, then it is fine, what is this, fans lovers brother, literally this is what is going on. Sorry to break yours. Sorry friends, you will not get to see what you want. Normal photo, then normal photo This transition, that also did not happen brother. Brother, we used to get the transition done for ₹300. Photos and photos and photos in your status and let me tell you one thing. As I see, the craze is increasing a lot in India. Such exclusive content, brother, I think in the coming time in India, you should cut this clip and keep it, yes brother, a guy had said that in the coming time, I think that brother, in India too, there are going to be many Only Fans accounts from girls. I think such a brother is beautiful controversial so maybe go and get it yourself and see Instagram subscription is also available friends. Are you please life let's go is a joke brother oh I can't even see a free trial in this guys someone earns ₹ 5000 ₹ 100 from where does he get ₹ lakh brother within ₹ lakh brother you keep doing it friend you keep doing it brother whatever you are doing you keep doing it here the guy ₹ lakh just uploaded the photo it is amazing brother he is opening his dhoti guys what is this guy doing friends in the first one the bus is going ₹ 000 the bus is going oh god will you also take it did you make a girl in the next life look she is walking she is going straight she should show and that ok in the third one again this is also a little no problem she revealed her nails look brother her nails and those dirty emoji nails of hers are revealed now everyone will be able to see her nails ok she had a mental breakdown she had a breakdown she was already getting late now she is getting late brother I am trying not to cry like you oh madam your Uber is late guys I don't know what all I got delayed because of you. It's late and you're crying. I have taken your subscription of ₹1000. What should I be like, brother? I had Maggi for dinner. Friends, I like this brother, he ate Maggi for dinner today. You found this out for ₹1000. Brother, you can have a party with friends for ₹1000, guys. You know what I'm talking about? So brother, take ₹1000 and your brothers sit and bring Chakna Vakna. Hang the entire system, friend. But what is this? You will also get to know about his well-being whether he ate Maggi on time or not, totally worth less than ₹1000, so I think you will get a good subscription of Core Hub, okay, I think so, what do you think, my appearance makes me look worth it, money is wasted, am I dating, oh hey, will you get to go, ₹1000, I am not, hey, I don't want to know, hey madam, I don't want to know whether you are dating or not, three months ago, actually last year, for this, I take money from friends, brother, hey Manish, I have taken a subscription of ₹1000. Please give me a handkerchief. Look, I am not crying. Brother, what are you seeing brother? So what we're not supposed to do is ask such questions. The guy is asking for the full size. Brother, whenever this is discussed, as a fan I remember Jeera or Sasena. Those who understand will understand what I am saying. You will have to be a little dark to understand what I am saying. Isn't it? So those who are writing this bra size, I am telling you, please comment the Chiraya Sanse code yourself. It's Not Only Fan This Is Like An Exclusive Instagram Feature. A lot of people confuse it with OnlyFans. I am not doing that and I am not answering the real question. There is no confusion madam. It is exclusive to Only Fans and everyone knows about it. He became a little too frank, friend. That guy said yes, if she tells me then she will tell me. If she is not telling then why is she being beaten? That's it son. Literally most people think that if a girl is very modern and is posting pictures in normal dresses, then if they take a subscription then they will get to see some OnlyFans like content. But it does n't happen like that brother, they wo n't allow that on Instagram either, whether it's exclusive or anything. What type of girlfriend are you, once you're in love brother, what kind of girl are you? When madam says I am very possessive and I do give 100% of my attention to you. If I am in love with you, I will give you all my time, effort, energy, whatever it is. I am like all in all. Nothing. Guys, this is exactly like RBI, full transparency brother, there are a lot of stories and a lot of photos here, keep watching. My video will make it two hours long and you guys will watch it for two hours. Qajar brother, I am telling you, guys, these guys are sitting here, take this system, take their membership and enjoy. That's all for now. So, this was the rest in today's video. Now see, we reacted to the video. I am telling you that brother, don't take these things, what is the benefit? You will give ₹400 to someone and ₹ 1000 to someone, okay? More than half of your money will be spent here, apart from this you said learn some skill, have fun, do anything with friends but do not spend money on this thing because the smart people find something or the other from somewhere, brother, I mean there are different people in this world. So yes, if you are also such a person or you know someone like this, then share this video with him and tell him that it would be better if he does not get involved in these things. Rest, enjoy and get Prime Plus with full money, it is good for ₹400, according to me, if you take Prime Plus in bgm, you will have fun because you get ₹daily. You get spins. But I am telling him this theory of mine that yes brother, I mean what all can be done with ₹400. So there are many things you can do in ₹400 and if you also have any great plan for ₹400 then do tell me in the comment section. I will meet you in a new video with another new dangerous game play. Till then bye-b take care and peace out guys. There are many difficulties in life, my son. Still we are happy even if we never got a job. We have a sixer when life bowls. We are from Chandigarh, we are the new school wave, we are from the North, our friend's car is visible at every turn.

  Top Comments:
  1. @days_ff [1 likes]: 9:46 106
  2. @ALLINONE-ff3gq: Fir girl ka lo aur batao
  3. @lakshitasangeliya688: Epigongirl anamika ka subscription leke dikhao
  4. @OneNortheast-m4p: Bachaliya 300 rupe
  5. @Abhimanyu-s4j: 106😂
  6. @mdarsh5309: Isse achha to m free m dekh lunga kyy cartoon🌚
  7. @Hasanraja-hl8gq: Aise to use a nahin Rahi isliye munh chori karne lag Gaya badwa Sala😂😂
  8. @rafidabrar259: Fitgirl ki karlo bhai
  9. @funfor0: Koi bta skta hai free me kaha milega
  10. @ansh-q9y8n: 106❤
  11. @DemonSquadCode: 106 😂😂😂
  12. @KENBoiCHAN: 106
  13. @HanzlahDevelopment: Padhle baii jaahtuu 5:04 Sometimes likha haii
  14. @CrazyPlaYBoy-m2x: Itna dikhany se to khra v nhi ho ga darling😅
  15. @AndaramBhadu-p7r: Miss you 2018 l❤x
  16. @Igubaid: 106
  17. @Joyboy_og: 9:47 106cm ☠️☠️☠️☠️
  18. @LalaHotum: Aaloo khaoge
  19. @Glaze009-7x: Live konse channel pe krte ho
  20. @luckygupta31: Jiraya research on girls. Only Naruto fan can relate 🧐🧐🧐

- Onlyfans : How One Greedy Decision Destroyed A $17B Lust Empire: Kind: captions Language: en At its peak, Only Fans was being valued at $17 billion in private discussions. $17 billion built on a 10,000 loan from a man's father. By 2025, that number had collapsed to $3.5 billion. An 80% drop. Not because of competition, not because of regulators, not because of the banks, because of one man, one decision, one catastrophic act of greed at the exact moment the platform had everything to lose. So, how does a business generating $7.2 2 billion in revenue end up worth a fraction of what it should be. Let's walk through the wreckage. Only fans didn't start as a pawn site. That's the part the narrative always skips. It started in 2016. Tim Stokeley, a British entrepreneur from Harlo, Essex with a 10,000 loan from his father guy who reportedly told him, "Tim, this is going to be the last one." The original pitch was clean, a subscription platform where creators of any kind, fitness coaches, musicians, chefs, could monetize directly from fans. No algorithm, no middleman, direct access. The model was elegant. Creators set their own prices. Only fans took a 20% cut. Everyone else got 80%. Simple, scalable, and for a while, boring. Then came the turning point no one planned for. Adult creators found the platform. Unlike traditional adult entertainment, where studios owned everything and performers got pennies, only fans gave them control. Full creative ownership, direct payment, no gatekeeper. The platform didn't go looking for the adult content industry. The adult content industry came looking for it. And in 2018, someone noticed. Enter Leonid Redvinsky, a Ukrainian American entrepreneur from Miami, the owner of My Free Cams, one of the internet's oldest adult streaming platforms. A man who understood better than anyone on Earth what it meant when consumers paid directly for Desire. Redvinsky acquired 75% of FEX International, the parent company of Only Fans, for an undisclosed sum. From the outside, the transaction barely registered. Inside, everything changed. Under Rinsky, the platform didn't just grow, it detonated. He understood a principle that Silicon Valley had spent decades ignoring. If you let creators earn more than anywhere else on the internet, they will bring their audiences with them. He didn't need a viral marketing campaign. He just needed a better revenue split than every competitor and he had one. Then COVID hit. March 2020. The world locked down and strip clubs closed. Film sets shuttered. Live events evaporated and millions of people and performers, entertainers, and people who had simply lost their jobs needed money. Only Fans was there. The growth wasn't gradual. It was vertical. Creators flooded in. Subscribers flooded in behind them. By 2021, the platform had 130 million registered users and over 2 million creators. Revenue was accelerating so fast that internal projections were being revised upward every quarter. This was the golden moment. The kind of inflection point that happens once in a company's history. The kind investors write case studies about music. And Radvinsky was extracting every dollar of it. In 2022 alone, he pulled $338 million in dividends out of the company. By 2023, that number hit $472 million. By 2024, he took $71 million in a single year. saw a total of over $1.8 billion pulled out of the business since 2021. Read that again. $1.8 billion taken out while everyone else was told the company was pursuing growth. But here's where the story turns dark. The banks were getting nervous, and you can understand why. In December 2020, a New York Times investigation exposed Pornhub for hosting videos of rape and child sexual abuse. The report was meticulous, damning, and impossible to ignore. Within days, Visa and Mastercard didn't issue a warning. They didn't request a remediation plan. They cut the site off entirely. No negotiation, no grace period, just gone. The adult content industry didn't just feel the tremors. It went cold overnight. Payment processors across the financial system began quietly reviewing every platform operating in the space on looking for the next liability they hadn't noticed yet. Only Fans was not immune to the scrutiny. It couldn't be. A BBC investigation published in May 2021 found that the platform was systematically failing to prevent underage users from appearing in explicit content, not edge cases, not isolated incidents. Systemic failure. A US watchdog subsequently confirmed that images of missing children had appeared on the platform. These weren't allegations from advocacy groups that could be dismissed or litigated. These were documented findings from credible institutions with the infrastructure to act on them. The reputational heat wasn't just uncomfortable anymore. It was becoming unbearable. And more importantly, it was becoming actionable. The banks moved. JP Morgan Chase, BNY Melon, Metro Bank. Accounts were being closed. The payments were being blocked. Transactions tied to adult content were being refused processing. The financial infrastructure that kept the entire machine running. The plumbing that moved billions of dollars from subscribers to creators to the company was threatening to collapse. Not theoretically, actively, in real time. Red Vinsky had a choice in front of him. A real one with real consequences either way. He could invest in serious content moderation. Build the compliance infrastructure that would satisfy regulators and reassure financial partners. The kind of rigorous, expensive, time-consuming work that actually fixes the problem. He could treat this as the wake-up call it was and build a platform that could survive institutional scrutiny. or he could find a shortcut. Something fast enough to calm the banks, invisible enough to satisfy the optics, but cheap enough not to interfere with the dividend flow. He chose the shortcut. August 19th, 2021 was the day the floor nearly fell out. Only Fans announced with just 6 weeks notice that it would ban all sexually explicit content effective October 1st. Not regulate it, not restrict it, not create a tiered system with enhanced verification requirements, ban it completely, permanently. The platform that had been built brick by brick on adult content. The platform where creators had been explicitly recruited with the promise of creative and financial freedom. The platform where over 90% of total revenue, billions of dollars, was generated by adult content, was going to ban adult content, music. The stated reason was compliance with banking partners. And that part was true. Now, as far as it went, the banking pressure was real, the regulatory exposure was real, and doing nothing was genuinely not an option. But buried beneath the compliance argument was something else entirely, something Redinsky wasn't saying publicly. He was simultaneously in the middle of trying to raise institutional investment at a valuation north of $1 billion. Mainstream venture capital firms, the kind who could fund a serious IPO pathway, wouldn't go near a platform synonymous with pornography. Not because of personal objections. Money doesn't have personal objections, but because the downstream compliance risk, the regulatory exposure, and the reputational association made it structurally impossible to justify to their own limited partners. The ban wasn't only about the banks. It was about optics. And it was about making the company legible and palatable to the kind of institutional capital that could turn Only Fans into something Red Rinsky could sell at a premium. It was about engineering the exit. The creators were a detail in that plan, an inconvenient one. The creators did not see themselves as a detail. They revolted. Within 48 hours, the internet didn't just push back. It erupted. Sex workers who had spent years building audiences, producing content, and structuring their entire financial lives around Only Fans income were now being told the platform was pivoting away from them with 6 weeks notice. Unsle parents who had used the platform to survive the economic devastation of the pandemic. People for whom Only Fans wasn't a side hustle, but a lifeline were told their income stream was being shut down on a corporate timeline that had nothing to do with them. Professional performers who had left traditional adult studios specifically because Only Fans gave them direct control over their work, their image, and their earnings. People who had made a values-based decision to work independently were watching that decision get invalidated overnight. The organizing happened fast. Creators coordinated across Twitter, Reddit, and private messaging groups. Mainstream journalists who had spent years covering creator economy issues picked up the story immediately. Civil liberties organizations weighed in. Known the backlash wasn't just loud. It was structured, documented, and sustained. It didn't burn hot for a day and fade. It kept going. 6 days later, on August 25th, 2021, Only Fans reversed the decision entirely. The company tweeted that they had secured assurances necessary to support our diverse creator community. The ban was suspended indefinitely. adult content would remain on the platform. Six days. That's how long the entire plan lasted. Six days from announcement to full reversal. The compliance argument that had been framed as a structural business necessity, the kind of decision companies describe as painful but unavoidable, dissolved in less than a week under the weight of creator backlash and public pressure, which raised an obvious question that nobody in the press asked loudly enough at the time. If the banking pressure was so severe that it required banning the core product with six weeks notice, how exactly did it get resolved in six days with a tweet? What assurances were secured? From whom? On what terms? What changed between August 19th and August 25th that made the existential banking threat suddenly manageable? The answer, most likely, is that the threat was always more manageable than the announcement implied. The ban was a negotiating position dressed up as a compliance necessity, a way to signal to institutional investors that management was willing to make hard choices, even if when tested, it turned out they weren't. What Radvinsky didn't fully calculate was the cost of the signal itself. Now, but here's what the reversal actually cost. The trust was gone. Not damaged, not strained, gone. Creators who had built their entire livelihoods on the platform, who had turned down corporate jobs, relocated their lives, structured their finances around Only Fans income, now knew with absolute certainty that management would throw them under a bus the moment it was financially convenient. That knowledge never left. You can't unring that bell. Once a platform proves it will abandon you when the pressure gets high enough, you never look at it the same way again. The relationship changes permanently. And in the creator economy, that relationship is everything. Competing platforms didn't waste a single day. Fansley, Patreon, emerging alternatives. They immediately launched aggressive creator recruitment campaigns. Now, we will never ban your content. It was the easiest marketing message in history. They didn't need a strategy deck. They didn't need a branding agency. They just needed to point at what Only Fans had just done and say, "We're not them." Thousands of creators quietly began building parallel presences on other platforms. not leaving entirely. The audience was still there, but hedging, diversifying, preparing for the next betrayal they now assumed was coming. The brand, which had been synonymous with creator empowerment, was now synonymous with creator betrayal. That's not a PR problem you fix with a press release. That's a structural identity shift. The story of Only Fans in every future article, every investor pitch, every regulatory hearing now had a chapter called the week they tried to abandon their creators. That chapter doesn't disappear. Meanwhile, Radvinsky had burned his chance at institutional investment without actually getting the institutional investment. Think about that for a moment. He paid the full price of the reversal. The trust damage, the brand damage, the creator exodus risk, the competitor momentum without capturing any of the upside he was chasing. The IPO pathway was closed. The mainstream rebrand was dead. He had alienated his creator base without satisfying the investors he was trying to attract. It was the worst possible outcome. A move designed to maximize value that destroyed value instead. He had tried to play both sides of the table and ended up losing at both. And then rather than rebuilding trust or rather than investing in the infrastructure that would make the platform resilient, he kept pulling dividends. $71 million in 2024 alone. Not reinvested, not deployed into compliance systems or creator relations or payment processor negotiations extracted, taken off the table as if the business were a savings account he was draining before closing it. The bill finally came due in 2025. By May of that year, Redvinsky was openly shopping the platform. The asking price was $8 billion. And to be fair to him, the number wasn't invented. It was anchored to real financials, $7.2 billion in gross revenue, $684 million in pre-tax profit, 80% market share in paid creator content. On paper, you could look at those numbers and argue the valuation was not just reasonable, but conservative. A healthy tech platform with those metrics and that market dominance should command a premium. But the buyers weren't stupid, and the buyers weren't just looking at the revenue line. The first serious conversation was with Forest Road Company, a Los Angeles-based media investment firm with experience in entertainment and digital media. Those talks went nowhere. The gap between what Radvinsky wanted and what the market believed the platform was actually worth. After the trust damage, after the regulatory exposure, after the payment processor relationships that kept threatening to suffocate the business, after the content liability lawsuits accumulating in the background was simply too wide to bridge. Forest Road looked at the real picture and walked away because the legal exposure wasn't theoretical anymore. It was in motion, no, and accelerating. OVCOM, the UK's media regulator, fined Phoenix Only Fans, roughly1 million pounds in early 2025 for failing to provide accurate data on age verification. That fine wasn't the damage. The fine was the signal. It told every other regulator in every other jurisdiction exactly where the vulnerabilities were. A Reuters investigation found that at least 128 people had filed complaints to US authorities about content on the platform. The legal exposure wasn't a cloud on the horizon anymore. It was weather you were already standing in. The $8 billion number started to look less like a valuation and more like a prayer. By January 2026, the number had collapsed. The new figure was $3.5 billion in equity with a total enterprise value of $5.5 billion when you factor in existing debt. And the counterparty sitting across the table wasn't a sovereign wealth fund or a blue chip private equity firm. It was Architect Capital, a San Francisco based asset lender that typically backs early stage startups and Latin American buy now pay later companies. That's who ends up with the keys to what was once supposed to be a 17 billion empire. Not SoftBank, not KKR, not a strategic acquirer with distribution and brand muscle. An assetbased lender known for distressed and emerging market positions. Music read that again. The platform that was supposed to IPO, the platform that generated more revenue than most publicly traded media companies, the platform that at its peak and processed more transactions than some regional banks, ended up in exclusive negotiations with an asset lender that usually backs fintech startups in Colombia and Brazil. That's not a sale. That's a liquidation wearing a suit. Let's talk about the math of greed because it's worth understanding precisely. Radinsky extracted over $1.8 $8 billion in dividends between 2021 and 2024. Every single dollar he pulled out was a dollar that did not go into compliance infrastructure. A dollar that did not go into content moderation systems capable of satisfying regulators. A dollar that did not go into rebuilding creator trust or strengthening the payment processor relationships that kept threatening to cut off the platform's oxygen supply. He wasn't investing in the business. He was harvesting it and sophisticated buyers can see that. Now, when a private equity firm or a serious strategic acquirer runs due diligence on a business, one of the first things they model is the reinvestment rate. How much of the earnings went back into building the platform versus how much was extracted. When that number skews as heavily as it did at Only Fans, it tells you something important. The business has been treated like a dividend vehicle, not a growth asset. The infrastructure is thinner than the revenue suggests. The moat is narrower than the market share implies. The PE multiple, the price buyers are willing to pay for each dollar of earnings, collapsed from the kind of premium tech company multiples Radvinsky was dreaming of, down to somewhere between three and five times Ebida. That's the floor. That's the multiple you get for distressed platforms in legally complex. They are reputationally damaged sectors. Not the ceiling of a growing tech company, the floor of an asset someone is buying at a discount because the previous owner bled it. He ran a cash machine like a piggy bank. And when he finally decided to sell, every buyer in the room could see exactly how much had been taken out, exactly what had been left behind, and exactly how hollow the infrastructure had become beneath the revenue figures. That gap between what a business earns and what its owner actually extracts versus reinvests is one of the most reliable early warning signals that a company's real value is being quietly destroyed while the surface numbers still look strong. It shows up before the regulatory fines, before the valuation collapse, before the failed sale process. It shows up in the dividend history, the capex ratios, the compliance headcount, the legal budget. If you know where to look, you can see it years in advance. And if you want to understand how to spot that pattern earlier, to read the signals before they become headlines. That's exactly the kind of analysis we break down in our newsletter every week. The link is in the description. The inside information is free. The regret of not reading it isn't. Only Fans isn't dead. Let's be clear about that. It still generates $7.2 billion in gross revenue. It still controls over 80% of the paid creator content market. The business model, 20% of every transaction with 80% going directly to creators, is still one of the most elegant margin structures anywhere on the internet. Simple, scalable, and brutally effective. For every dollar a fan spends, the platform keeps 20 cents and never has to touch the content, manage the talent, or own the inventory. That's not a business. That's a toll booth on a highway that builds itself. But the empire that could have been worth $17 billion dollars, a number that was floated in serious private conversations at the absolute height of pandemic growth, backed by real revenue trajectories and real market dominance, is now being sold at a fraction of that figure to a buyer that most people working in finance had genuinely never heard of before this deal was announced. Not a strategic acquirer, not a sovereign wealth fund, not a household name in private equity, an asset lender, a distressed capital shop, the kind of buyer you end up with when every better option has already looked at your books and walked away. And here's what makes that so striking as the underlying business didn't collapse. The revenue is still there. The market share is still there. The transaction volume is still there. What collapsed was the multiple, the premium that investors are willing to pay on top of the earnings because they believe in where the business is going. that premium evaporated because premium valuations require trust. They require the belief that the people running the asset are building something, not harvesting it. That belief was gone. And without it, even genuinely strong fundamentals get repriced at distressed asset levels. The creator community that built the thing still there, still posting, still paying the 20%, still functioning as the engine that drives every dollar of that $7.2 billion. Nothing about their behavior changed. They kept showing up. They kept producing. They kept growing their subscriber counts and delivering the content that made the platform indispensable to its users. The engine never stopped running. But the trust between creator and platform, that invisible social contract that made Only Fans genuinely different from every other adult content platform in history, was broken on August 19th, 2021. And it was never fully repaired. Not because the reversal didn't happen. It did. Not because the creators didn't come back. They did. But because everyone now understood the actual order of priorities, when it came down to a choice between creator welfare and institutional optics, Rvinsky chose institutional optics without hesitation. He reversed it when the cost was too high. But the choice itself had already been made. You don't forget that you adapt to it. You know, you build contingencies around it. You stop being loyal to something that showed you exactly how disposable you are the moment the math changes. That shift from loyal creator to hedging creator is invisible in the revenue numbers, but it's real and it's permanent. The banks didn't destroy Only Fans. The regulators didn't destroy Only Fans. The stigma of the adult content industry, the thing that mainstream media always assumed would be the platform's fatal vulnerability, didn't destroy Only Fans. None of the external forces that were supposed to bring it down, actually did. one man's decision to sacrifice long-term platform integrity for short-term institutional optics and then continue extracting hundreds of millions in dividends every single year while the damage quietly compounded beneath the surface did not dramatically not in a single moment slowly. The way rot works from the inside invisibly until the structure can no longer hold the weight it's supposed to carry. The lesson here isn't really about the adult content industry. It isn't about payment processors or UK regulators or content moderation policy. Those are the detail. The actual lesson is about what happens when the person who controls an asset, any asset in any industry, treats it like a personal ATM instead of a living business. A living business requires reinvestment. It requires trust maintenance. It requires the willingness to occasionally forgo short-term extraction in exchange for long-term compounding. A personal ATM just requires a pin code and a withdrawal limit you never quite respect. Fred Vinsky had one of the most defensible market positions in the history of digital media. Network effects so strong that competitors couldn't dislodge him even when they tried. A creator base so embedded that the switching costs were genuinely high. A payment model so clean it was almost self- sustaining. He had the rare combination of structural moat, revenue scale, and brand recognition that most founders spend their entire careers trying to build. He had all of that, and he chose the ATM. The content was always good. The creators were always there. The market was always real. The platform's potential that the $17 billion version of the story, the IPO version, the institutional capital version, was never fantasy. It was the natural destination for a business with those fundamentals. So, managed with even a modest amount of long-term discipline. The greed was the only thing that was optional. And in the end, the greed was the only thing that mattered.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ruirodrigues2938 [6 likes]: AI Slop
  2. @todortodorov6056 [2 likes]: 1. You could shorten the video to 10 minutes.
2. Turn down the annoying background music.

- Investigators say OnlyFans is a slippery slope for kids: Kind: captions Language: en >> WELCOME BACK. MANY VIEW THE POPULAR SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM ONLY FANS AS A MAJOR WAY TO MAKE MONEY BUT IT CAN BE A SLIPPERY SLOPE. ESPECIALLY FOR KIDS WHO BY THE WAY, NOT EVEN SUPPOSED TO BE ON IT. >> AS AVENUES FOR TROUBLESHOOTERS REPORTS ONLY FANS SET UP HIS WAY MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO PROTECT KIDS FROM SEXUAL EXPECTATION. >> PERHAPS DANCING ON THE UNDERWEAR, MAYBE THEY ARE SHOWN THEIR REAR END TO THE TELEVISION OR THE SCREEN. >> HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTIGATION AGENT WHO'S BEEN INVESTIGATING CHILD EXPECTATION WOMAN OF THE DECADE SO THE KIDS HE SEEN ON THIS ONLY FANS OF SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM APPEARED TO BE BETWEEN FIVE AND 17 YEARS OLD. ALSO MAKE PLANS TO MAKE MONEY. >> TO MAKE MONEY FOR GIRL SCOUT CAMP, CHEERLEADER CAMP HER NEW BIKE. >> THEY GO THROUGH AN AGE VERIFICATION PROCESS. -- HE WORRIES WHAT MAY START OUT AS AN INNOCENT ATTEMPT TO MAKE MONEY CARRIES RISKS. FOR GREATER THAN MANY KIDS COMPREHEND. >> LUKENS RUN AROUND THE HOUSE NAKED AND THE THING IS FUNNY. THAT'S WHAT OFFENDERS GROOMED THESE CHILDREN. >> ONCE A CHILD IS TALKED INTO PUTTING UP A NUDE PHOTO TO REQUEST ANOTHER COMPROMISE BECAUSE THE OFFENDER THREATENS TO MAYBE SEND THOSE IMAGES TO MOM OR DAD OR THE SCHOOL. >> AGENT SAYS HE SEEN CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE MATERIAL THAT ORIGINATED ON ONLY FANS. >> THE CONTENT IN THIS IS INTERNET -- >> WHILE THERE BEEN ARRESTS RELATED TO ONLY FANS AND THEIR MANY ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS HE HAS YET TO SEE ONE OF HIS CASES LEAD TO A CONVICTION. SOME USERS LIKE THE PRIVACY THAT IT AFFORDS BUT INVESTIGATORS SAY IT CAN MAKE THEIR JOB DIFFICULT CREATING MORE HURDLES TO GET PAST. >> I'M SCROLLING THROUGH AND I SEE SOME CHILD WHO ON THE FLASH SCREENS SAYS WATCH ME DANCE OR SEE ME DO MY CHEERLEADING ROUTINES FOR $5.99 AFTER HAVE THE ABILITY TO PAY. >> TIM WITH THE CENTER FOR FORENSIC INVESTIGATION OF TRAFFICKING KNOWS ONLY FANS IS A TARGET RICH ENVIRONMENT FOR OFFENDERS. HE TOO IS WORRIED ABOUT THIS IMPACTING INVESTIGATIONS EXPLAINING THEY CANNOT DO BROAD SEARCHES TO TRACK POTENTIAL MINOR VICTIMS. >> NOT ONLY IS INSTRUCTIONAL BUT REMEMBER YOU'RE PAYING AS YOU GO TO ALL OF THESE DIFFERENT GROUPS BECOMES A SIGNIFICANT COST FACTOR AS WELL. >> HE'S PART OF A GROWING NUMBER OF CHILD ADVOCATES HOPING THAT VISA AND MASTERCARD WILL TAKE A STAND AGAINST THE INCREASINGLY POPULAR ONLY FANS SITE. >> AS BANKING INSTITUTIONS THEY MAKE MONEY OFF OF THIS FOR SURE. AND IF THEY DID NOT PROVIDE THE MECHANISM FOR PAYMENT, IT WOULD DRAMATICALLY REDUCE THE VOLUME. >> THE TROUBLESHOOTERS REACHED OUT TO VISA AND MASTERCARD. AND DID NOT GET A RESPONSE.

- Horrible Streamer Deepfake Situation: Kind: captions Language: en over the last couple days I just haven't been able to decide if it was a good idea to talk about this publicly or not I have been more back and forth on this than a student driver learning how to parallel park I just feel like this topic is one where even mentioning it makes it more of a problem kind of like the bye bye man where even just saying his name gives him power but ultimately this is a topic that I've covered on this channel many times over the last three or four years I've been keeping my finger on the pulse of this entire AI deep faking industry so there's actually quite a bit I'd like to say on the subject you already know where this is going you can already see the train tracks and where the rails are heading we're talking about the atriox situation which I'm very confident the majority of you have seen by now atriac is a very popular streamer and earlier this week he made a big blunder he was streaming and during his stream there was a split second where he showed his tabs and unlike the many other streamers that have come before him that have made this same mistake what they show something embarrassing or they show like porn and get banned for three days for it atriax cases a little more unique because the tab he showed was porn but it was AI deep faked porn of his streaming co-workers the image only jumpscared the stream for about a second but the ramifications from this are going to last much longer of course this happened publicly so I suppose atriac felt the need to defend himself publicly which led to a very tearful and very uncomfortable stream where he was apologizing and explaining everything while his wife was in the background during all of it he was going over the situation explaining that one night at 2 A.M he was on PornHub perus and peruse in the Old Tube there and he clicked on one of the ads which immediately blew my mind and probably everyone else's mind in the world that anyone clicks on ads on any site let alone porn site that's just asking for malware virus trojan or just having your whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] computer explode but he said morbid curiosity got the best of them we saw an ad for AI deep fake porn he clicked on it and then paid for it he paid for access to the Deep fixed porn and it was of some of his streaming colleagues which of course is a very big problem that's weird creepy and pretty disgusting stuff I think everyone can agree with that he did follow this up last night with a written apology going more in depth on everything and talking about the action he's going to take to improve as well as stepping away from his company off brand and I'm gonna go ahead and let everyone know in case you don't know atriak and I have collaborated on projects over the last year a couple times we've talked quite a bit I do consider him a friend so when all this happened I was extremely disappointed now since this happened a couple days ago it's already ancient history on the internet everyone's already given their take and talked about this situation so I don't really have anything to add to the whole age discussion that someone hasn't already said it is very clearly a pretty gross and creepy thing to have done especially because it's not just morbid curiosity that you just clicked on something and saw it you clicked on it you paid for it knowing what you were about to see and then got it and then it also stayed open in the tabs like all of that is very bad alarming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not really here to just keep focusing on the atriox situation itself or like dunking on the stream I actually want to talk about AI deep faked porn directly because I've actually talked about this quite a bit over the last couple years and now what atriac has done is he's opened the can of worms and shown a lot more people just how far along AI deep faking technology has come in the porn industry it was kind of like the lightning rod the Catalyst to open people's eyes to this kind of degeneracy that's existed for a few years now this whole situation almost worked out like a hashtag ad like a sponsored stream segment because the traffic to that site exploded as a result of this whole story now the site has been shut down and rightfully so I'll also briefly tackle the damaged Coomer brains that are somehow defending this as like a normal not awful thing they're saying like it's not even their real body why do they care this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid it's not illegal it actually is illegal in a few States but even just setting aside the legality of it how could you possibly make a sane argument to justify taking people that don't do sexual content and putting them in sexual content anyway without their permission consent or even knowledge that it exists and then you're selling it to people to jerk off to like can you not see how that's a huge violation building an entire career without ever touching sexual content and then still being sold as sexual content by somebody else and using other people's bodies on yours as if it is yours how can you possibly not see how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up that is the argument that I've heard time and time again is it's not their real body why do they care well it's because it is indistinguishable from being a real photo or real video because the technology is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Advanced that would be like if someone took a picture or video of you with a really tiny wiener and scented around your entire University to make fun of you or posted it underneath every single one of your tweets saying this you and it's your tiny wiener with like a banana in your butt no one's going to know if it's real or fake because the technology is so good unless you pay very close attention to like hands and feet but they're also smart with that and a lot of the photos and videos they don't show the hands or feet anymore because they know the technology hasn't mastered it so you really have no way of knowing if it's true or false and even if you try and debunk that let's say you're getting harassed by a bully that's deep faking small wieners on all your pictures and underneath all of your tweets let's say you're like you know what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm tired of it here's my real dick and it's nine inches of Steel and Glory well now they can just say you deep fake that that's not your real penis you will never be able to of what's real and fake thus it's totally irrelevant whether or not it's their actual bodies or not because it doesn't matter they didn't consent to it a which is a huge huge huge huge issue that for some reason people are downplaying they didn't consent to it or give permission to the site to deep fake porn of them and B no one's going to know if it's real or fake if someone just starts posting that places like oh here's an only Fan's leak of this streamer but you didn't know they had a secret only fans you wouldn't know thus it's a terrible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing all around these streamers don't do sexual content thus that's why the AI deep fake porn of them exists if they did do sexual content it would be redundant you could just go to their only fans or their PornHub page so it's targeting completely innocent women in this industry that don't do anything sexual and still making it sexual for the sake of squeezing some doubloons out of some desperate porn addicted losers that are frothing at the mouth to get porn of their favorite streamer that's not nor normal and that's not acceptable behavior again these are streamers that didn't consent to it give their permission know it existed and they are still being sold sexual sexual content of them that they never produced or had any hand in is being sold to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creepy losers it should be super easy for anyone to understand why people are rightfully upset about all of this this whole situation and let's extend this to a bigger scope let's talk about this from a business sense businesses have gone full Weenie Hut Junior I lost a major partnership because I made a dirty song now imagine the career problems that can unfold from AI deep fake porn being made of these people having that somehow find its way to advertisers or Brands they work with could create real issues even though they've done nothing wrong they've never made sexual content they've never done any of the things in the videos or the photos but it doesn't matter because it still is so indistinguishable from being authentic it's very it should be very obvious why this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big problem now I do really want to mention that while every victim in this case was a woman because atriac had paid for the female streamers content it does exist for men as well and it has for quite some time it is obviously more prevalent in women because more people are going to look for AI deep fake porn of women on the internet than men and you'd be stupid to try and argue the opposite but it is worth noting that this isn't just a woman specific issue this does exist for men there is a ton of deep fake porn of me for example and I want to touch on the actual AI deep faking and everything regarding that itself you may remember if you've been around the channel for a few years I actually told the story of the day I became alerted to this industry it was just an innocent ordinary normal afternoon and then someone sent me a message talking about a fake Charlie porn video that was floating around so I clicked it and it was a deep fake of me giving a dual hand job so I was skiing with some wieners here grabbing two penises in each hand and this is when AI deep faking was still pretty new so it was primitive a bit archaic it wasn't convincing it was floating around as like a very self-aware joke and it made me giggle and then another one popped up shortly thereafter of me giving myself a foot job I think and the physics of it were crazy I mean it looked like a Playstation One malfunctioning cutscene like there were quite a few AI deep fake pornos of me and I thought nothing of it other than wow this is Goofy but I did at least want to keep my eye on it because I knew as everyone does with technology it only gets more and more sophisticated so fast forward to 2023 we're at a point where AI deep faking is so impressive that only a few days ago a picture of Four Women in bra and panties went viral on Twitter with dudes drooling over them and then it was revealed that that was all AI generated and none of those women existed and people's minds were blown it's no longer like this Goofy thing where it looks like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible Photoshop it's a very convincing tool so obviously some Bad actors are making porn out of people that don't do sexual content and selling it as authentic they're not selling it as AI deep faked porn most of the time a lot of these companies are selling it as like leaks or look at what just dropped in this special Discord server of this person and then they're selling AI deep fake porn of people that don't do that so it's not even being marketed as a deep fake by most of the companies out there at the moment and a lot of people are none the wiser because of just how convincing and how real it is obviously all of it is being made without the people's permission or their consent for this kind of content to be made aid but it doesn't matter it's spawned an entire industry out of people exploiting it and using it for this financial gain and this really seedy shitty Shady weird community that has grown from it and I don't have a spicy take on all of it where it's like uh pull yourself up by your own bootstraps that's the price of being on the internet because I don't think that should be the price of being on the internet having to just have porn of you always exist even when you don't do porn just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deep faked revenge porn or whatever like that shouldn't be the cost of doing business online it should be illegal and in three states it is hopefully that grows as the technology does when they start making it illegal pretty much everywhere to deep fake [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] porn of people but yeah it's a pretty awful situation and it's a pretty complicated one I do think a lot of the streamers are taking the right approach of getting the sites that are hosting these things and producing these things taken down that is absolutely the correct play a hundred percent it's not like what they're doing is okay and I don't understand the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weirdos that are defending it so yeah just wanted to talk about the whole AI situation here with the Deep fakes and uh that's about it so yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @masmAnanan [11 likes]: 2 years it’s only worse
  2. @Shedevilbynightt [11 likes]: I remember hearing first time about deepfake ai because it was MAGA trump supporters that edited a picture of Cardi’s b CHILD getting raped all because she endorsed Kamala Harris
  3. @dennis3224 [5 likes]: I get that Charlie has to have his opinion, but it’s so goofy how much people went at atrioc
  4. @FJFNJRNFO [4 likes]: well its not illegal its just a fetish and fantasy, u can excase deepfake porn just by seraching it in google without vpn so if it was illegal like child porn than it wouldnt see the light of the day in google search engine
  5. @captaindickey [3 likes]: Im still upset about this problem.. I’ve literally seen deepfakes of MINORS that’s fucking DISGUSTING. If you want to see somebody naked so bad how about you get a girlfriend losers. It’s disgusting. I hope everybody who has generated any deepfakes of people ROT.
  6. @Crokatec [3 likes]: This deepfake situation is overblown. If anyone can make a deepfake then nobody but old boomers will believe it.
  7. @jamesm-sl3oc [2 likes]: I am very disappointed and grossed out that he would buy that, but at the same time I understand because he is only a man.
  8. @MdNtLtNg [2 likes]: I'd love to see how these fucken creeps defending this saying "It's not that bad since it's not their real bodies" react when it's their mothers or daughters who get edited.
  9. @R3L3NT_USA [1 likes]: Coming back here after the Lic files leak
  10. @Uopra [1 likes]: idk why this guy still uploads dawg
  11. @Ivan_Ruiz1 [1 likes]: Solid take, I agree
  12. @ahkira1041: Holy shit it was that maya? I mean he has great taste but woah. Poor gal she is way to nice to have had that overblown drama go to her
  13. @greglane501: I knew a streamer did this I just didn't know it was Atrioc.
  14. @ReaperCurse: And this was 3 years ago... Imagine what's happening right now
  15. @liambond5653: clearly that wife wasn't doing much or better yet, was a partner in crime
  16. @virginiaordaya: This warranted his formal attire… here we go…
  17. @Bingus527: I'm considering refunding "Get to Work" after hearing about this
  18. @KarenAller-f4s: any advice step by step on what to do if deepfake was made of myself and others i care about im stuck i gotta be a man and communicate and take proper action and im not good with computer stuff and have no idea where to start any advice please?
  19. @Uopra: 11:22 r34:
  20. @Uopra: 4:30 r34:

- How To Promote OnlyFans on Reddit (2025 Updated): Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome to part one of my comprehensive guide on Reddit marketing for only fans creators today I will be covering everything you need to know about setting up and optimizing your Reddit presence I did try to break it down as simple as possible for you guys but this is going to be a detailed walkthrough so I recommend grabbing a notebook before we get into the technical setup you need to First understand why Reddit is such a powerful platform Reddit has over 430 million active users and thousand of specialized communities so this gives you so many opportunities for you to reach your target audience I would say the main difference between Reddit and other social platforms is that users go there specifically looking for authentic content and real connections okay now that you understand why Reddit is so powerful we can move on to the technical setup there are three things that you need which is network data Reddit accounts and an anti-d browser for network data there's mobile proxy or a SIM card for for mobile proxy you should be looking for low fraud scores consistent uptime good rotation options and reasonable pricing I recommend avoiding overprice popular options I also want to mention that if you have a poor quality proxy your account is 100% going to get banned I recommend working with private providers rather than well-known services like proxy Empire the key is finding someone who can provide fresh unused IPS consistently if you're looking for Reliable proxy providers there's going to be some Linked In in the description quality Reddit accounts are your foundation for success and here is what you'll need aged Accounts at least 6 months old minimum 300 Comon Karma High contributor quality score and a clean posting history you should also expect to invest between 40 to $120 per account on average I would say it's about $60 per account now for the anti-d detect browsers you have two main options which is dolphin and ads power dolphin is completely free and it's perfect for beginners it also is reliable but it has basic features if you're looking for something that's more advanced I recommend going with ads power ads power is about $15 to $50 per month but it is better for team collaboration it has more advanced features and it has better profile management all right now let's move on to the warm-up process which is absolutely crucial for long-term success the warm-up process is essentially humanizing your account I will also be giving you guys a day-by-day warm-up schedule that you can follow after the warm-up period it is time to start optim izing your account for Maximum Impact you are going to pin two posts to your profile which is going to be the verification picture and the welcome video the verification picture is going to be a clear photo with username and date professional but approachable pose and good lighting and quality the welcome video is going to show off your personality explains what you offer creates emotional connection and includes subtle calls to action there's also two things that are completely optional if you want to pin them to your profile it's completely up to you the first option is going to be pinning your only fans link I recommend only doing your Instagram or your Twitter link because you can get banned if you pin your only fans link option number two is just posting an album of you which is essentially just photos of yourself you are also going to optimize your bio and your bio should include a brief engaging introduction your Niche or specialty what followers can expect and a clear call to action now that you have optimized your account you want to start getting traffic to start getting traffic you want to do 25 posts per day on different subreddits and post them at least separated of 5 minutes you also never want to reuse the same content twice you also want to focus on quality content and you want to find what does the best for you such as a picture versus a gif you also want to focus on Niche content if you don't have a niche you can research successful creators in your space you can identify underserved markets or you can develop your own unique angle for optimal reach you also want to post during peak hours maintain assisted presence and engage with comments quickly it is also super important for you to reply to the comments and DMS this process is going to keep your account as human as possible and keeps your cqs high this strategy is going to bring in 5 to 20 paid Subs per day I also want to touch on some common mistakes that you should avoid and these mistakes include rushing the warm-up process using generic content ignoring Community rules over promoting too quickly buying a cheap proxy and being discouraged after a ban you could do everything perfectly and still be banned buy a new account or form a new account and start again remember success on Reddit is a marathon not a Sprint you want to take time to build genuine connections and provide real value to your communities in my next video I am going to dive deeper into advanced posting strategies and engagement techniques don't forget to like comment and subscribe and hit that notifications Bell to catch part two of this series drop any questions in the comments below

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikeylouis9301 [3 likes]: good shit Layla, would love to see more from you! thanks
  2. @MadenzoOFM [3 likes]: Thanks for the value, commenting for the algo ;-)
  3. @curvycherrywells [2 likes]: How long does it take you to gain subscribers on OF from Reddit
  4. @whassupsuki [2 likes]: thank you
  5. @tonigonzalaced [1 likes]: Thank you for the info! Please bring up your volume.
  6. @VincenzoVincenzo-s7x: Please post more videos about reddit. How to create reddit account with proxy Please 🙏
  7. @CarlyBelding: Right? What is proxy? And how can I even find that?
  8. @jemarieespares7147: where do you buy account?
  9. @LighhtTheWay: Where do you buy the account
  10. @LighhtTheWay: Hello i have an agency i need a collab with a promotion agency  only got two model hard to manage traffic

- how to PROMOTE ONLYFANS on REDDIT!: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to another only fans video you asked and I am giving it to you today's video is all about how to promote on Reddit and Reddit has been the hardest place for me to figure it out but I finally figured it out after years I think it's actually one of the best places to promote because you can find really Niche audiences on Reddit and they're also very very dedicated you can find some really awesome fans on Reddit it also feels very not Anonymous but not as put on display as like posting on Instagram and Tick Tock where a lot of people's family and friends see their content so Reddit feels very Anonymous we'll put it that way and I think that's why so many people gravitate towards it but because of their strict rules on different subreddits I think a lot of people struggle with how to promote on Reddit today I'm going to go over some of my best tips and tricks on how you can promote your only fans and your family on Reddit first and foremost I'm gonna get the ones out of the way that I know you don't really want to hear about but I feel like are very very necessary to hear about so the first one is create good no not good create excellent content I think no matter what you do and no matter what platform you're putting your content on make sure it's Top Notch make sure it stands out above everybody else's you have to be making quality content for anyone to care if you are not already somebody in the public eye no one cares so figure out how you can make somebody care and I think the best way to start is creating top-notch quality content to do this I would make sure you're using good exciting you don't need to have the most fancy equipment but get a ring light use natural light make sure you're using good lighting that's like the first and foremost most important thing and then if you can upgrade your camera to a better camera those types of things make sure you know you're wiping your phone camera off um it's not all fuzzy because you can absolutely use your phone camera and honestly I use my phone camera for most of my only fans content but make sure you're wiping off like you know it gets dirty make sure you're wiping it off make sure it doesn't look fuzzy use a little tripod that's an easy simple tip and I promise you it'll take you far the next one is being consistent on any platform even on Reddit you need to be consistent you're not going to grow if you post a couple of pictures here and there and you're like oh why did I only get five likes well guess what consistency is key on any platform take it or leave it it's up to you and it's not going to happen overnight consistency isn't just going to reward you within a week of you posting you need to be posting for months on end for this to work for you next thing is building a brand for yourself across any platforms you need to be building a brand for yourself and this goes with only fans I feel like so many people think they can jump on only fans and they're gonna instantly get followers but why would someone follow you you need to create a brand for yourself you need to figure out whatever that brand is whatever if that's a niche or if that's based on your personality based on your style based on your aesthetic based on the niche that you choose of whatever content you make you need to build a brand you need to think about the colors lighting and the style that you take your photos you need to think about everything and create a brand goes for your Reddit as well when you think about building a brand for yourself maybe right away you don't know what that brand is that's okay every time you create content reflect on if it matches or if it goes along well with the last content you created it can be a better version of it but make sure that it still feels like streamlined like like this is coming from the same Creator this is this is my brand reflect on all your content and make sure that it looks like you if you take photos in natural light every single time and your photos are very raw with natural lighting and then all of a sudden you throw in like a dark edgy photo it doesn't look like you think about what your brand is think about how you want to take photos and create a brand now that we know the basics and I promise you those tips are going to take you far on any platform that you're promoting on now that we know the basics let's jump into the detailed tips and tricks on how to promote on Reddit you need to know the facts about Reddit so let's start with the first one which you probably won't know unless you've already done this mistake but once you create your Reddit username you can never change it so think about this when you're building your brand and if you haven't already created your Reddit username think about how it relates to your only Fan's name and your Instagram username and your Tick Tock username I would recommend having all the same username if you can because or at least something that looks similar so that you have this brand my Reddit username is so Random I don't know what I was thinking think about this if you are just now creating your Reddit and if you already haven't read it well it's too late next under know the facts is karma what is it and how do you build it so your karma is basically like how old you are on not how old you are I don't know it's like money no but it's not because you don't lose it it's basically how much how would you put Karma what is it karma is what you use but you don't use it because you don't lose it oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how do I put this karma is basically a number just like your Snapchat score so however much you use Reddit if you're posting and liking and you build Karma by interacting and posting and like doing stuff on Reddit and then that Karma allows you to post in bigger subreddits and it allows you to do more on the platform and it's not like you use it so once you have the number it's there it stays but it just the bigger the number the more you're able to do and the more you'll be accepted into new subreddits and bigger subreddits so we'll get into that but basically you want to build your karma the way you do this is by posting commenting you know interacting in the space one thing that I was very confused about when I first got on Reddit was I thought you could only post a certain amount and then it would stop you from posting but actually there's no limit to how much you can post there is limits in certain subreddits so in certain groups or Pages you are going to be limited and when you have such a low number of karma when you're first starting out you are limited on how fast you can be posting in a day but there is no like daily limit or anything like that except for there are limits in certain subreddits hopefully that makes sense okay like you can post them on subreddit and you can post in another subreddit then you can post another one and then you're not gonna be limited that way but you can't just keep posting in the same subreddit and there are different rules per subreddit next thing to know is upvote so when you find a subreddit or a page that you want to post in and say you get accepted and you can post in it you post your upvotes are when people give you basically like a thumbs up they give you a like they like your post and that actually builds your karma so you want upvotes whenever you do get an upvote it pushes you up in the ranks on that specific page so if you have a hundred upvotes and someone has 35 you're gonna be above them on the page so when you're scrolling you're gonna be first and that's what you want you want the uploads but in a lot of pages or subreddits you can't just straight up ask for upvotes so we will get to that so those are kind of like the facts about Reddit the next thing you want to know is more about subreddits you need to be able to find relevant subreddits to the type of creator that you are and your goals ultimately on the platform your goal is to find people to come to your own events so you need to find not suitable for work pages most likely and you can easily Google this but you can also do a search on Reddit you can search relevant keywords like busty brunette or big booty or things like that that are relevant to you like I can type in tattooed brunette girls or something like that and you can find certain subreddits that way what you can also do to find subreddits is going to other creators so once you find maybe a page that you like you you say busty brunette right you're in the page you click on a Creator and then you can go to her page and see all the subreddits that she posted and click on those and follow those pages as well so that's kind of how I have found pages I just kind of go through other girls or I Google search it and there are tons of forums and stuff like that that will have not suitable for work pages and there are also pages that are suitable for work that will that are relevant as well like um like face pages and um not nude but like sexy type of pages is that will also be just as relevant to help you gain Subs on your only fans so that is the first thing about subreddits what you want to start doing is finding smaller subreddit pages when you're just starting out because you're not going to be able to post in the bigger Pages until you have grown your karma the way you grow your karma is obviously posting and engaging in the community so you need to find smaller pages that have like 200 000 or less followers probably even less than that like 35 000 followers or something like that you follow the page and then the next step is that you need to get verified there are some pages where you don't need to get verified to post in them but I think that the problem is and for most people the reason you're getting banned is because you're not getting verified and you're just posting in subreddits so you can go and follow all these subreddits but then if you want to actually Post in them you need to look at their rules and see if you need to get verified and a lot of them you do need to get verified before you post so you need to read their rule open up their rules literally that's the first step in any subreddit just open up the rules see what is allowed what's not allowed if you want to even Post in those reddits um and that or in those subreddits and then also how you can get verified it's going to tell you you need to send in a picture of you with your ID especially if it's not suitable for work pages because they can't just have anybody posting in there you know so you need to send you with a picture of your ID the same way that you did on only fans and then also sometimes they ask you to write whatever the subreddit is write that plus your Reddit username and hold a picture of it up can I call you right back I'm filming a lot of these subreddits are going to have certain rules like you can't have a low amount of Karma and sometimes they won't tell you how much Karma that is so it's really up to you to kind of like look and see who's posting in there and see oh how much Karma do they have and they're allowed to post in there so that's I kind of wait until I see like okay that person has around the same amount of karma as I have so I will probably get approved sometimes they're real they're like that you know it's weird and then some reddits allow you to post multiple times in a day and some of them don't some of them you can only post once or like one to to five times or something like that so it'll tell you also some of them you're not allowed to post the same picture multiple times in their feed you can only post the picture once and then you need to post new pictures every single time and some of them don't care about that you can just keep reusing the same photo so you have to read the rules a lot of the times that people are getting banned is because they are trying to promote their only fans and I know that is what you're trying to do but you can't just blatantly say follow my only fans in most subreds you can't um and you can't put links in the captions what you can do is put all of that in your profile you can put your links you can do that but then in your actual posts in subreddits what I recommend is just saying something that will help engage people so you can ask them like oh what do you think of this questions that will get them to respond to your post and that is the best way for them to respond and then you can respond to them and a lot of the times they'll message you and then they'll look at your profile and then they'll find your link so let it be natural don't be super pushy because you will get banned in so many subreddits if you are promoting your link too much or if you're promoting it at all and like I said just read the rules in every single subreddit it and make sure you're getting verified in the ones that you want to post in I would recommend finding like anywhere from like 5 to 20 subreddits to get verified in and then just keep posting in those ones every single day and some of them like I said will allow you to post three five times three to five times um so do that every single day and then the next part of this is connecting with your fans in any business the best marketing like of all is connecting people want to connect that's why they follow you only fans if they didn't want to connect they would just go watch Regular porn or they would just go find regular bikini photos or whatever it is so you need to connect with the audience so anyone that upvotes you anyone that comments anyone that messages you respond to them send them emojis get to know them and really get to know them message them back ask them how their day is ask them what type of content that they're into you what subreddits they're in all of the above get to know them for real and then you will build loyal followers I think so many people want instant gratification in this industry they want everything to happen so fast and they really want like to just they just want to be a machine and guess what you're not a machine and followers aren't part of a machine they are real people so get to know them and that is the best marketing for any platform but especially Reddit if you want new followers off Reddit the best thing to do is connect with people I know that Reddit is very very confusing but I hope this like kind of made it easier to understand it took me a really long time to understand Reddit but I feel like I'm finally at a place where I get it it's a lot more difficult than other social media platforms but I think what's really unique about it is that it will build those loyal followers that are going to stick around and you know you can gain a bunch of followers and they might leave after a month or or two of subscribing to you but if you build a loyal fan base they won't leave you they care about you and that's why they follow you another thing to do is you can also send out free trial links to your pages you can get to know them in the comments and be like hey you should check out my only fans here's a free trial link and that will kind of get people to get the ball rolling on it and if they like what you're posting and you're posting quality content like we talked about in the ending then they will stick around that is the video I hope you enjoyed if you did give it a thumbs up and let me know what you want to see next because we talk all about when we fans here so if you have any questions let me know I also have a online course and a mentorship program where you get one-on-one consultations with me you can get all that down below as well as promo on my only fans page if you need it it's all Linked In the description box and with that all being said I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Devlin360i [81 likes]: Creating a Reddit account from scratch and slowly boosting it in order to promote your OF is too much of a hassle, at least nowadays. You can always buy high-quality, aged Reddit accounts for cheap from websites like reddaccounts and go straight into promotion. That's what 99% of top-tier creators do. There are other websites that also sell Reddit accounts, but the best ones I've tried so far are from them.
  2. @TwizzyPop: I help creators generate and move 100% organic Reddit NSFW traffic to Snap before sending to OF. Open for collaboration.
  3. @OmegaAlfa-p7h: 💕💕💕💕
  4. @Multi-AccountMastery: Alanah, solid brand advice, but most creators commit to one angle without testing. Run 2–3 Reddit accounts with different brand vibes for 14 days, see which gets the most DMs/upvotes, then commit. accsmarket gives you aged accounts to skip the karma grind. Validate before you waste months on the wrong niche.
  5. @mistersmith4060: Strong and independent women that don't need no men... selling their bodies for half the price of a cheeseburger, what a win for feminism and female empowerment, you can delete this comment too along with all the other 1000s as men you absolutely despise pay a few bucks to play the flute over your content without clothes :face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  6. @ExposingUFOs: Karma is just Reddit’s social credit system. There’s upvotes and downvotes. 
People upvote what they like/agree with and downvote what they dislike/disagree with.

Your comment Karma is your total amount of upvotes minus your total amount of downvotes on comments.
Similarly, post Karma is upvotes minus downvotes on posts specifically.

Your Karma goes up & down accordingly. Karma is not static. 
It does go down if you get downvoted.
  7. @corinneboyd1746: DO NOT USE A VPN WITH REDDIT. Please learn from my mistake. I had my vpn turned on and I got locked out of my account of almost 5 years. Every single reddit account I've made after gets shadowbanned. And now im screwed. Dont make this mistake.
  8. @LadyVSDDD: Karma is participation points
  9. @LuisLang-sx9df: Searching for a Reddit marketer for female model –
Commission only, no prepay. Show proof of past results.
Content is ready. Ongoing work possible.
  10. @bbmb_music2051: your tongue looks so nice
  11. @christinepratt1368: Upfront, and honest about the ups & downs! Love that about you!!🎉
  12. @christinepratt1368: Wow ! Thankyou ! Super amazing advice❤🎉
  13. @idrivebarefoot: LOVE your videos they are so helpful!!
  14. @cristina_soto: So helpful! Thank you!
  15. @Skwisgaarskwigelf2: I just started my new account and my posts keep get deleten? I don't understand since I'm following the rules. Not just in one server but in every server I posted
  16. @Sam-w3r1w: Thanx!
  17. @kira42897: I adore the reddit platform! XOXO all my gooners ❤️🥰
  18. @TaniaGlover-w4f: so problem, getting tons of messages from turned on men through reddit but they dont convert to subs??
  19. @wembydaily: what kind of account bank do you have? and which ones? a friendly OF. thanks
  20. @NoKidsNoProblem: This is valuable information, thank you 🙏

- HOW TO PROMOTE ONLYFANS ON REDDIT: Kind: captions Language: en Reddit explained for promoting your only fans all right so what is going on guys welcome back to my channel so today we are going over strictly how you can use Reddit to promote your only fans but before we get started make sure you subscribe down below or at least just give the video a thumbs up as it absolutely helps the channel so I can continue to make as much useful content for you guys as possible and if you are already on your o f journey and you are looking to grow your Biz reach out to me on Instagram my direct IG link is in the video description down below I have so many services to help you guys grow if you are ready to scale and invest in your business and some exciting news guys I have my coaching course coming out very very soon that link is going to be in the video description down below as soon as it goes live and this is going to be one of my best products ever and it's really going to help a lot of my clients that are on a budget but want all of the information that I give in my onetoone coaching for a lesser of a price so I'm super super excited about this coaching course so make sure you check that out it's going live very very soon so now let's get into it some of you may know Reddit some of you may be on Reddit some of you have heard about Reddit and want to get into it but it seems complicated and many of you maybe have never even heard of it or even attempted to get on the platform so the first thing I am going to say and I say this on all of my videos when I discuss anything about Reddit is right after this video you are going to go and open up a Reddit account straight away now this does not mean that even if you're like on the fence or you're not or you know oh I don't really know if I'm going to go on the platform yet or not it does not matter because if at some point down the road when you really start growing your off and now you want to jump into other platforms you have your Reddit page there and it's been growing its account age and the reason why this is so important is because on Reddit there is two factors that really play play a role in you being able to really kind of have free reings on the platform and that is your account age on Reddit they call it your cake day this is super super important because Reddit is kind of strict when it comes to brand new accounts and they really monitor every single account heavy so showing that you've been on the platform for a decent amount of time really helps with the process of being able to get yourself out there a lot more on the platform so regardless if right this second you are thinking about joining or you don't really know if you are or you may in the future right after this video you are going to open up your account verify your email address and you could just let it sit there who cares but as long as you have it there and you're building up your account age this is the number one thing that a lot of people don't know and they Overlook on the plat form so please super simple to do it takes 10 seconds just to open up the account let it sit there the second thing is karma points now karma is basically what you would consider you getting um rewarded for being an active member on the platform Reddit wants to make sure that their users are not spammers or bots on the platform so they want to make sure that you are interacting and you are actually going to be a valuable member on the platform and contributing to the platform so they want to see you interacting so they do have a point system with this point system is also how you are going to get more free Reigns on the platform and also more free Reigns to post into communities which I will go over that shortly because that is also very important and a very big aspect of Reddit so building up these points will help you be able to really grow and get into really good groups and communities by having that account age and having your karma points now please especially for a brand new account you guys are not going to go on the platform and start going OD on it and just completely spamming every single post and everything else use it with caution in the beginning do not do too much spend 10 minutes a half hour at a time on the platform throughout the day commenting on people's posts up voting on people's posts up vote is basically like a like on other social platforms replying to comments but you're not going to do it in a way where it looks like again it's like a bot and it's like autogenerated okay this has to be an organic process because the karma system is not just based on what you're doing but Alo the things that you are doing so commenting posting all of these things matter and how you get your caras how people interact with your posts as well so keep this in mind you cannot go on the platform and go crazy and do too much it has to feel and seem very organic because if you don't you get picked up as a bot you will end up being Shadow banned and let me tell you something when I first started many years ago ago I had an account that got shadowbanned and you will never know that you're shadowbanned it will look like you are able to post all your post will seem like they're going into these communities and groups but there is no traction whatsoever and then you just think people aren't interested in your content when realistically it's because you've been shadowbanned not saying that a shadow band is difficult to get appealed but if you don't know where you're going and how to do it you're not going to be able to really get the appeal taken off so please make sure you understand that get into those communities that I was talking about so you can call them communities you can call them rooms you can call them groups throughout the years they have been called many things but in an on Reddit for you to search for specific communities or groups they are labeled as communities but before I dive deep into how you're going to find communities let me break down exactly what communities is so communities are pages and groups almost I guess you can kind of look at Reddit like as a forum in a sense and these communities and groups are basically very large pages that they allow users to post in that community group or room okay they're all the same wording just using all three just in case you hear it differently on different um you know just platforms they are all the same thing thing on Reddit and to break that down a little bit further because a lot of my newbies still don't understand this on my one of my largest Twitter X accounts has about 140 something followers 140,000 excuse me 140k around there a little bit more followers at this point it is these rooms are as if it is my page right it is like me allowing you to post on my page so you can get in front of my audience okay got it so these communities are very very important for growing your page and getting yourself out there it is also why I recommend Reddit as one of the number one ways to really promote yourself when you don't even have a big following because you are utilizing other people's followings to get yourself in front of a large audience without having to worry if you're this huge influencer or not because you can get yourself in front of a lot of eyes with the correct audience and communities okay so now that that is explained and you kind of understand how that goes all of these communities are extensive like very extensive in my coaching course you guys are going to be getting a huge list of communities so you guys can go and find them without all of the searching I also have a lot on my only fans cheat sheet bundle that link is always in the video description down below as well but finding communities that are specific to you is what you must do okay now that doesn't mean every single Community has to be what your Niche or demographics are there are plenty of communities which in the beginning you are going to have to really Post in because the communities also have rules which I will be getting into in just a minute again so be paying attention stay all the way till the end there's a lot of information here okay but I'm thoroughly explaining Reddit so you guys can promote your only fans correctly and know what you're doing so there is other communities that don't necessarily have to be so specific to you there is so many only fans communities only fans girl communities fans Le communities only fans promotion communities so there is some communities that you don't have to do too much of a deep dive and extensive research to start getting yourself out there but when you are searching for communities to really be able to kind of amplify how far you get yourself out to these these fresh eyes I guess you can say is you always want to make sure that you are promoting yourself and your only fans to a specific audience that is going to be most interested in you okay so posting in these of communities are great to get yourself out there in front of a lot of people but marketing is a huge thing when it comes to your success and finding the real the right people that are going to be most interested in you which then you can turn them in to only fan subscribers so what do I mean by this I will use myself as as an example I'm brunette I have tattoos I'm busty I'm curvy so these are the things that I would put into the search bar in Reddit it is super simple it literally has a little magnifying glass to search so I don't need to do a huge diagram for you guys about this super easy to find the search in that search bar I type in brunette as soon as I type in brunette you'll see a whole bunch of stuff come up but on the top bar you will also see says communities very straightforward so easy guys but so many people overlook this and miss it and don't know what to do so easy you go you click on that communities and now it will bring you it will bring up all these communities that are just for brunettes okay brunette brunettes brunette girls brunette models um you know Latina brunettes like there is literally so many different brunette communities brunette lovers like literally so many you can go through all those communities and join the one that is going to be particular to you okay now a huge just not disclaimer but just something to kind of ease your mind a little bit because my one two on coaching clients they harp on this so much and I know I did in the beginning too where you think you have to have like this honed in specific Niche your demographics are your Niche okay what are demographics exactly you are what I just explained for myself right brunette I'm also Greek or european right tattooed so if you're BBW if you're a Latina if you're a mil if you're a redhead if you're a blonde this is all your Niche and your demographics to how you are going to find your communities and this is so important because again I'm brunette so I want to find the direct audience that is interested in brunettes right if you're a redhead you want to go find direct audience that is interested in redheads it is just it amplifies your marketing and it gets you in front of the perfect audience that is going to be interested in you which in turn helps your conversion rates now I want to speak to you about the community rules I also going to be speaking to you about how your profile should be set up it might it is simple but there is one thing that everyone overlooks that is going to decrease your conversion so again make sure you're staying to the end and you're paying attention so now let's talk about these rules that I was talking about in these communities so every Community is owned by somebody just like my Twitter page is my Twitter page these communities and groups are owned by somebody on Reddit they are called moderators okay these moderators on this page are the owners the moderators can also be what you would think of as admin on the page as well there is normally a few moderators especially on larger pages so that way they can keep track of the page make sure everyone is following the rules but the rules in these communities is so important guys okay you cannot just go and post in every single community and not read the rules it will get you banned and it will get you just your your post removed even if you don't get banned you will get your post removed if they are nice enough to not ban you from that community so as soon as you find your community you hit join you will see on the top of every Community a section where it says rules you need to read them and this is also bringing us back to that cake day and your karma point system a lot of these very large commun communities are very strict about your account age and your karma points so if you do not have a an account age that is over at least 90 days and you have a good amount of karmas they will not let you post in these communities and again if you do not follow these rules you will end up getting your posts removed and inevitably banned if you overlook this major tip that I am giving you okay the second thing about this is not just about your karma points and your account age but you should be reading the rules because 90% of all of these communities do not allow you to put your direct off Link in the post or even in the comments so you have to make sure you read every single group rule okay now myself and my team we stay very organized and we have every single group that and community that we're in with there specific rules but that's because obviously if you don't know I have social media management for Reddit so we want to make sure that we are keeping every single one of our clients accounts in very good standing and you don't want to get banned out of a group you know or a community right it's the same thing I'm interchanging the words as much as sure there's a lot of other communities out there you can join if it really is a good community and they have active members you don't want to get banned out of it it right because this is your business you want to make sure you're keeping everything at good standing but what I will say to not discourage you about Reddit is that there is still so many communities that are a little bit smaller that there rules are a little bit more lenient so that way you could still get yourself in front of a very decent sized audience without having to have high Karma points and a huge or longer account older account age right and sometimes these smaller communities can actually be a lot more beneficial for you for the simple fact that when they're smaller that means that their Community is not saturated with so many people throughout the years that have just stopped logging on stopped using Reddit and there the the communities are a lot more active in smaller reddits smaller communities I'm getting Tongue Tied which is really great for you to grow on Reddit if you do not have a very old account age or a lot of karma points so I don't want you to get discouraged with thinking oh great so it's still going to take me so much time to build up my Reddit account so how is this any different than trying to build up Instagram or whatever right absolutely not I'm just letting you know with the larger Pages you are more at risk to getting banned if you do not follow the rules that does not mean that on smaller communities you could just do whatever you want and not read the rules but the rules are a lot more lenient and the active the users can be a lot more active which is more useful for you so now let's get into posting I get this question all the time from my clients my onetoone coaching clients and this is about posting okay so all the details we are not going to go over in this video you can get that in my coaching course or my onetoone coaching but A good rule of thumb is that rule of thumb yes I think I said that correctly A good rule of thumb is your newer Pages you're not going to exactly what I said in the beginning do too much okay so you don't have to be posting 20 times per day on your new account you're going to find good communities you're going to read the rules and then you're going to post especially just on a brand new page only two to four times per day max okay now this you can play around with this depending on the communities again but you still want to make sure that you're not doing too much in the beginning and if you have really done your community's research then you are in you are going to get yourself in front of a good audience because you've done the research to where you don't have to do too much anyways because you know your content is going to get in front of the correct eyes and they will be interested in you now something that many people don't know and if you're new to Reddit when you post on these communities your post is also going to post on your page okay so don't think you just kind of post on these communities and then your post gets lost in the ethers it will still show up on your page as well which is great so that way your page shows like there is activity on it also all right so make sure that you kind of like understand that concept to where how you would be able to find it now even if let's say you thought you read the rules and you didn't you will get a notification that just says uh oh you can't post here your post was removed and then you will just delete that post and carry on but you do not want many of these notifications because again you're putting your account at risk I know I keep on repeating myself but Reddit is so I don't want to say tricky there're just strict with a lot of stuff that's why Reddit is one of my highest um priced services because we really are very strict and very I don't know how to say I really can't think of the word in English if you guys don't know I speak many different languages so sometimes they I get a little confused but it is why it is one of my most highly priced service but also highly sought after because it is a little tricky but you just have to put in the focus and Energy pay attention and stick to the rules okay now let's talk about the DMS all right those DMS everything everything on Reddit is monitored all right now it's not monitored by a physical person there is you know a system and algorithm Bots that scan the entire that scan the platform that scan every account so even in your DMs things are being scanned now that doesn't mean that they're reading every single sentence that you're saying but if you in your DMs are copying and pasting the same response to every single person that message is you you will end up being picked up as spam and a bot and you can get shadowbanned all right now I say this because my onceone coaching and in the coaching course I go over this extensively but in your DMs what I always recommend is pushing them to your site right whether you're on o whether you're on fley fan view loyal fan whatever site you're on you can chat with them a little bit but the end goal is to always get them to your site so this is why I say you should not be copying and pasting because just because the end goal is that that does not mean you need you should be copying and pasting because if you do you're going to be putting your account at risk so that is very very important for you guys to understand another thing please with if you decide to try to sell content on Reddit make sure you age verify every single person okay not going to get into details about why but please make sure you are doing that I had a client that did not again not getting into it but you should be age verifying everyone and this is also why with all of my clients I do not do anything in their DMS and it is always just pushing to a site where they would have to automatically be age verified okay lastly your account how should it be set up now I said there's really not too much to it you guys do not overthink it I cannot tell you how many of my clients you know they're like oh well I did this and I did that and then you know I don't know and I will do a page audit for them and then I go onto the page and it's just all over the place they have 101 different links on the Reddit on their Reddit account this is a big no no okay just because they give you options to put your Tik Tok your Snapchat your Instagram your Twitter X your o your fley does not mean you should do this okay and this is a huge free tip that I'm giving you right now because this is the number one thing that I always find in my page audits from a business standpoint from a sales funnel standpoint if your end goal is to get everyone from Reddit to your only fans or to your fley or to your loyal fans that is the only link you should have in your bio the only link okay Sometimes some of my clients like at least keeping their Twitter X account on there because they also want to try to grow their Twitter X following or their IG following that's fine if you also have a goal to grow your other social platforms okay because you just want a big following but if your end goal is literally just to get these Reddit subscribers to only fan subscribers then you are only going to have one link and that is where they can find you and where they can talk to you that is it Point Blank period just because you have all these options does not mean that you should utilize them because what you are doing and what I say to all of my onetoone coaching clients if you walked into the supermarket do you think they're going to send you to another supermarket no they want you to stay there they want to make the sale there so why are you wanting your fans and these followers that are on Reddit you want them to go to your off why are you sending them to a completely different platform it literally makes no sense guys but I understand in the beginning because I did this too you just the options are there you want everyone to get to know you you want them to see more of you but the realistic and the realistic thing is that what you you ultimately want is to monetize this following on your offer fans so that is the only thing that should be on your page now when it comes to your actual bio when it comes to your profile picture you do not need to overthink this your profile picture just needs to be good quality we are in a digital era right now okay quality matters all right with your content so your profile picture should be good lighting centered um not great okay not pixelated and a lot of these time like some of these blue light also I understand that people try to make a Vibe with all these different color lights but that also minimizes what you can actually see so just regular lighting like this centered so they can actually see you is what should be there and it shouldn't be too spicy or risky okay just something super enticing your bio does not have to be anything crazy the only thing that would want you to have in your bio is if you've watched any of my other videos is a CTA in marketing we call that a call to action and what is that it is the action that you want your followers to take and what action would that be going to the link below to go to your off so whatever cute little first sentence you want to give hi I'm blank I'm your favorite new Latina girlfriend or whatever right the second sentence is going to be click the link to go to my only fans below and get all of my exclusive content or chat with me directly there okay with a little finger emoji pointing down to the link it doesn't have to be anything too crazy you don't have to drive yourself crazy about it but that one little piece of advice that CTA should be everywhere not just on Reddit but you always want to just push them a little bit more to take the action that you want them to take on your profile and that is to go to your off page okay I really hope that this video was helpful in the coaching course you are going to find so much more information about Reddit to really really Master it completely but this information here will absolutely Kickstart and get your runin on that platform and totally just be able to get a lot of traffic to your o page if you have any questions comment down below share your o link or at down below as well start networking with other models shout out for shout out like for like engage with each other or reach out to me on IG if you need any Services scale your of Biz until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnlyFansFanslyFanvue [1 likes]: ✅MY IG: https://www.instagram.com/zaharoulaberds
✅MY WEBSITE: https://onlyfans-money-maker-school.teachable.com/p/home
👉TOP RATED COACHNG COURSE: https://onlyfans-money-maker-school.teachable.com/p/onlyfans-newbie-to-top-1-creator
👉PROMO: onlyfans-money-maker-school.teachable.com/p/1-1-coaching-500-guaranteed-fans-promo-via-free-trial-link
👉TWITTER MANAGEMENT: https://www.fiverr.com/s/yvoEYVq
✅OF Cheatsheet: https://shorturl.at/PBo7I
✅ MY TWITTER X PAGE: https://x.com/greektemptresss
✅ MY BRAND NEW ONLYFANS PAGE: https://onlyfans.com/greektemptress
PROMOTE YOUR OF ON X: https://x.com/HottestSwers
SIGN UP FOR PANTIE FINDER: https://www.pantiefinder.com?ref=757
  2. @BauerBeauty: But what do we say in our posts
  3. @ramirezthadime: I need help 🤦🏽‍♀️ it keeps saying removed by Reddit filters when I post.
  4. @wokeisbroke123: Don't support the woman's mental health crisis. Your past matters and AI can find your face now. 304s promoting 304s 😂😂😂
  5. @Awniithezombiie: Could you talk about your opinion on messaging on onlyfans? Do you flirt/ upsale and not do mass ppvs? I’m hearing a lot of controversy with it being highly important to engage and build a connection in DMs but I find it difficult to manage lol

- OnlyFans Reddit Marketing For OFM In 2026 (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en These, these, these, and these are the results that we've generated for several of our creators purely through Reddit over the last year or so. And in this video, I'm going to share with you the exact details, information, and processes that our agency uses every single day to achieve these types of results through organic Reddit marketing. By following this guide and watching this full video, you're going to learn the processes and systems that are absolutely necessary to be able to consistently funnel 30 to 100 paid subscribers every single day on your Reddit accounts to OnlyFans for your entire Reddit operation as well. This is going to be a full, logistical, and technical guide on successfully running Reddit in 2026. It's going to be very, very focused on the processes that go along with it. This is not going to be some sort of guide that explains what Reddit is, or what karma is, or how to farm karma. It's not going to be a beginner guide or anything like that, okay? Instead, I'm going to show exactly how we do it for our most successful creators. And by the way, guys, make sure you watch this video all the way through because I'm going to be giving you a 50% off first month discount for a tool that I show in this video called Multilogin, which is an anti-detect browser and proxy combo software that you can use to facilitate your Reddit operation with both mobile and desktop-based instances within that software. If you're running Reddit seriously, you're not doing it from one browser, and you're not doing it from one IP. So, something like this is absolutely essential. But anyway, guys, Reddit is something that we run ourselves on behalf of a large number of creators that we currently work with. And despite the fact that universally, Instagram is seen as the best brand building traffic source, Reddit is still one of the highest intent-based traffic sources you can run, especially for NSFW creators. Of course, and obviously, this is subject to differentiation of opinion. And it's also very heavily based on the quality and niche of the content that's produced and posted. you get those down, you can absolutely crush organic Reddit marketing. And that's honestly one of the best things about Reddit is that if you have really high-quality, unique content with the right strategy and processes, you can really start making money day one. A lot of creators and agencies fail with Reddit simply because they either don't have the proper knowledge or systems in place, or they just treat it like Instagram or TikTok and just repost or recycle content on Reddit from those other platforms, which is the worst possible thing you can do. Instead, proper Reddit operations take an extreme amount of attention to detail. For example, we have a ridiculous amount of databases and sheets and protocols for literally everything you can think of when it comes to Reddit. We have sheets listing every type of niche-focused subreddit and the rules, a breakdown of who moderates each subreddit in order to avoid overlap when we're reposting content, and even a very in-depth process-based sheet. These are all things that we typically share with the models and agencies that we work with. So, DM me if you want any of this stuff. And I'm actually going to show it in this video as well. I'm going to pull up our process-based sheet to explain how that works and why it's so essential to what we do. And so, that's actually what I'm going to do right now. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and show our process-based sheet and walk you through the strategy that we use every single day with all of our VAs, and also share a bit of our operational and mechanical process using Multilogin, which is that anti-detect browser and proxy combo thing that I was talking about earlier. But let's go ahead and talk about it and jump over to that right now. All right, guys, so here we are. So, this is the sheet that I was alluding to in the intro of this video, and what we use and what we provide to every single VA who does any Reddit for us, right? This is a system-based sheet, and that's really what this guide is going to be about is about establishing a system around what you're doing on Reddit because really, you know, anyone can go on Reddit and post, but if you genuinely want to turn it into a traffic source that's creating six-figure revenue over a year just from specifically one account and one tracking link, then this is how you do it. You have to have a system, right? And that's really what this guide is going to be about. It's not going to be talking you about how to post on Reddit or how to warm up a Reddit account, right? It's going to be about establishing some sort of system that works for you and your agency or your own solo independent operation if you're a solo creator, um using this type of logic, right? And so, uh this sheet, this first tab that I have here, I'm not going to talk about it too much, but this is essentially our warm-up process, right? We have a warm-up process, a 14-day warm-up process we give to our VAs. The expectation is that we're giving our VAs very high-quality proxies that they can go in and create an account organically on and warm it up within those 14 days so that we can start posting after those 14 days really, really effectively, right? A lot of people say buy Reddit accounts, buy, um you know, karma-farmed accounts, all that stuff. We don't do that. We don't really mind waiting the 14 days before we start actually generating traffic on Reddit just because we have other ways of generating traffic. But yeah, that's that's what something we always give all of our VAs is this warm-up process. We have a tracker for to track the number of followers, karma, subs to OF. This is more of for uh QA purposes, making sure that we're following the proper trajectory of what Reddit accounts should be growing to, right? And then, last but not least, this is the most important part of this sheet, and this is really what this guide is going to be all about is establishing a system around your Reddit operation, okay? If you're running Reddit and you're being serious about it, and you want to turn this into something that's making you money, you need to have a system at a bare minimum like this. This is a pretty simple system, honestly. Like, a lot of other agencies have way more complexity than we do. Um but at the end of the day, you need to have something, and this is something that you can most likely build yourself, right? We build everything on Google Sheets for us. A lot of people do things on other platforms, whatever it is, right? Google Sheets really works really, really well for us. Um we're we're pretty fluent with uh with formulas, all that type of stuff, right? And I'll show that here in a second. Um but every single thing that we do here on this sheet has a purpose, right? Okay, we establish the date that we make the post. We'll pick a subreddit, right? This will be from one of our uh databases that we have a bunch of different subreddits on. Um if you see here, we pretty much have everything listed, right? From A to Z. And we get this from a different sheet that we have, which I'm not going to show right now cuz I don't want to complicate this video, but the idea is that you have something similar where you have a database of different subreddits with different moderators linked to each one and who's connected to what, right? And then also the rules associated with those subreddits, the niches, right? All this stuff is super, super important for you to be able to track and be successful on sub excuse me, Reddit. Um then red gifts allowed, relatively self-explanatory. This portion right here of this sheet is probably the most important thing, right? Because when you're posting on Reddit, you need to be keeping track of the content that you post. If you are not keeping track of the content you post, you're going to fail, you're going to get banned either on Reddit flat out just because of subreddit or excuse me, because of Reddit uh noticing that you're spamming the same content, or uh and more likely is that moderators will notice that you're using the same content over and over again and just going to ban you from their subreddits, which is pretty much just as bad cuz then you lose an audience to be able to post on, okay? So, that's really important is that you're following the subreddit rules and not spamming. And so, the reason why this is so important is because it allows you to add a link, let's say we're using red gifts for example cuz red gifts is super important and something that pretty much all subreddits accept and usually performs really well. Um you put that here, but if you use, let's say, like a picture or uh maybe a GIF from a drive like Google Drive or uh Dropbox, you actually put that Dropbox link here as well, right? And one of two things is going to happen. It's going to sense for dupes, okay? It's going to check if there's any other dupes on this sheet cuz as you can imagine, once you start building this sheet out and you're using this for every single post, let's say you're doing five to 10 posts per day, then what's going to happen is that, you know, very, very quickly, you're going to see if things are adding up to be duplicates, right? And this dupe test isn't necessarily meant to tell you, oh, don't post this because you can indeed repost content on Reddit. You just have to be very smart about it. Don't repost the same content to the same subreddits that are moderated by the exact same mo moderators cuz that's how you're going to get chain banned from a huge network of subreddits, right? These moderators, they have Discord servers that they communicate with. If they call someone out as a spammer, then you're pretty much okay? So, at the end of the day, you need to have something that does this so that you're not necessarily telling your VAs to not post it, Pay attention to the other systems and the other information that we give you so that you're not spamming this content in the same networks of same moderators, okay? Um and I'm going to show how this dupe test works in a second, but then we also have this rename section, okay? So, if I'm not set posting a uh red gifts link here, instead maybe a Dropbox link, this specific other VA, right? Cuz we have a VA who goes through all of our sheets and renames the content as used with the date, okay? Within the Dropbox folder, right? That's super, super important that you do that. Um if it's like a Dropbox piece of content because that way, the Reddit VAs will go in again and they'll see it's used. If they miss a day, then that could be a problem later on. Um then you throw the caption in here for for, you know, the QA will come in and check the captions. Put active. If it gets removed, obviously put removed, and then we'll put a removal reason. All this stuff is literally just to make sure that we're keeping track of what we're doing, right? That's the whole purpose of this entire sheet. Um we'll put the link to the sub or excuse me, the link to the actual post right here, okay? Um and the reason why is because uh what we typically ask our VAs to do is come back the next day, right? So, let's say we start come down here and we're doing, you know, March 18th posts. They'll come back before they start their next round of posting and put the upvotes, views, and shares from this specific link, right? So, it's a very seamless, quick process of keeping track of that. Right? And then, you know, like I was saying before, we have this dupe check that I'll show you guys here, um where what it'll literally do, and it'll take a little bit of time here because it has to use formulas, but it'll literally sense that, "Oh, wait, you reposted the same Reddit gifts link." And it'll say duplicate here, which like I was saying before, it doesn't mean don't post it. It just means be careful, okay? And you know, just to kind of put this all together, guys, the whole purpose of this sheet and showing you guys this is to show you the level of attention to detail that you absolutely need to have, and you need to have some sort of system with your VAs to make sure that you're using content effectively, efficiently, and not coming off like an agency, right? Because if you're just spamming content or not just kind of blindly doing things, then you're going to fail, you're going to get banned, and it's going to not work, right? This is the duplicate test, excuse me, the dupe test checker. Uh and essentially what it'll do is it'll just pop that up, and as you can imagine, you know, the more you build out this sheet, the more uh this may come up. Um but, that's pretty much it with regard to this. Um what I want to do now is I want actually want to go ahead and transition over to Multilogin, which is that proxy um anti-detect browser combo that I was talking about before uh real quick. Um in order to show you uh some of the back-end processes of how we actually do this. So, let's go ahead and do that right now. All right, guys. So, I actually have Multilogin pulled up on another tab here, but before I talked about Multilogin, I just wanted to revisit something that I thought was really, really important that I didn't really talk too much about, and it's the fact that we have our VAs track this information, right? This is usually 24 hours after the post is made, they'll come back here and actually add the number of upvotes, views, and shares. And the reason why we do this is because we want our VAs to be very conscious of the fact that some subreddits they're going to get more traction, and some subreddits they won't, right? And common sense tells you that you should continue to post on the ones that are doing really, really well, and stop doing the ones that are not doing well, and replace them with other possibly high-performing subreddits as well, okay? And so, when they're tracking this information, it becomes very obvious when one subreddit or one post on one subreddit got a thousand upvotes, and then the other one got 20, right? You're obviously not going to continue the one that got 20. You're probably going to continue the one that got a thousand, okay? So, just keep that in mind, you know, every single thing that we have on here has a reason behind it. Um we want our VAs to be absolute mechanics with this stuff, right? We want them to be super, super observant of every detail, and this sheet basically forces you to do that, okay? But, pulling over here to Multilogin, this is that, you know, proxy and anti-detect browser combo that I had alluded to a little bit earlier. Super, super valuable because if you're running Reddit, and let's say you have, you know, 10 different creators, or even if you're a solo creator and you have a bunch of different accounts, you typically want these accounts to be ran on different IPs, right? Because you don't want Reddit to draw conclusions that you're running a ton of Reddits from the same exact device, the same exact IP, whatever it is, okay? And so, you either set up some sort of system, some sort of phone farm, which is usually not very accessible to people, or you set up something like this, right? Which is something where you have a proxy for every single Reddit account that you use, okay? And so, Multilogin, uh if you want to use Multilogin yourself, I actually have a discount code that you can actually get 50% off your very first month using Multilogin with the code Patty50, okay? I'm going to put that in the description of this video as well, but real quickly, I'm going to run through what Multilogin is and why it's so great. Um quite frankly, the UI is amazing. It's very, very easy to use for someone who's not technical, okay? It is database, or excuse me, data-based usage. It's not something like traditional proxies, which you can technically use forever and be all right with, but you take out the problem that we would typically experience where you go out and use proxies that are oversaturated, the proxy providers aren't very reliable, proxies are going down, all these different problems. The problems are solved with this solution, okay? And you can actually make browser like like traditional browser-based proxies, and then mobile, okay? So, what I'm going to do real quick, guys, is I'm actually going to run through how easy this is to use, okay? And so, in order to show this, all you have to do in order to make a proxy profile and get started is you literally press this create button, you name the proxy, right? I'm just going to throw test, it doesn't really matter. You can save the template, so you can just literally copy and paste whatever you set to other profiles that you make in the future, so you can make this even less time-consuming, and then it's super self-explanatory in the sense that you can just come in here, set whatever you want for your specific setup to make it as safe as possible, right? You can even set your own custom proxy if you want, if you have a really good proxy provider, but a lot of times what we do is we just use the built-in Multilogin proxy, okay? And of course, it is data usage-based, but if it's a high-quality proxy and it's getting the job done, then it's no big deal, right? You can pick the connection type, whether it's a mobile or residential proxy. Um the nice thing as well is you can pick the location, right? So, if you want to come in here, and let's just say, you know, you want to pick a West Virginia proxy, okay? You just you know, you come in here and you pick the different cities. Beckley, I don't know where that is. You can even pick an ISP, right? You can pick the protocol. You can pick literally everything, which is super convenient for these outsourcing purposes, right? If you're outsourcing this to VAs, you want to be having it run on proxies. You don't want to run it all on the same IP, okay? Then you just do a quick little proxy check, it should come up with a nice little green message here saying it's good to go. And that's it. Um then you're pretty much good to go. What I will say is that it does make sense to come in here and change some of these things based on your specific setup. Sometimes it makes sense to have less things masked to make it less seem like a bot in the eyes of Reddit. Um but, at the end of the day, the goal of this system is to make it as simple as possible for you. Then you just press create, right? And then all you have to do is you just press the start button, and you'll be able to open up a proxy and get things going. The other cool thing about this is that you can actually open up a mobile instance, okay? And it's basically just as easy. I'm going to do the exact same thing here, test Multilogin. You can do a socks5 protocol proxy just like all the others. You can do uh location in the US. So, let's just, you know, just pick California real quick. Let's do, you know, San Francisco. Okay, you can even pick an ISP if you want. Um a lot of times the ISP, sometimes they aren't available, but I'll just do a quick little proxy check here, um and see if this one works, which it looks like it does. Um you can pick the actual uh um OS version, which Android is usually the best. You can pick the device, Samsung, right? There's so many different things you can do here. The network, you can make it a cellular network, right? Um even the phone number gets generated, right? So, you can run this on a um a mobile instance, okay? So, I'm going to go ahead and press create here. Um as Oh, looks like I need to pick a model. So, you can even get more granular, as you can see here, which I skipped. Um and then uh the last thing I'll leave you with is, you know, once you get this, it is time-based, so you have to be kind of careful, and it can get expensive if you're not careful. Um but, what will happen is it'll literally open up at a phone instance, right? And this is a cloud-based instance. This isn't like a real device, but at the same time, it's still a lot more trusted a lot of times than uh using some other platform because you're using a trusted proxy provider, right? So, uh you'll see once this opens um that it looks just like any other brand new Android device, and you can download apps like Reddit and run Reddit directly from this as well, right? And so, you know, at the end of the day, um a lot of these tech technical things and a lot of these back-end processes can be a pain in the ass to set up. Multilogin makes it really, really easy to use. And like I said, uh if you want to use this, I have the link in my description. I can give you a a first month off for 50% with the code Patty50, and uh yeah, you can get this going, you know, just as easy as as I'm showing you right here. And so, in order to add an app, you just come over here, you type in the name of the app, right? And then what you'll see here is once you press enter, you install it, it'll take a little bit of time, but what will happen is that you just swipe up here, and it'll eventually pop up here with the other apps. Super easy to use, super great tool to use, super simplistic for someone who's maybe just starting out in this industry and wants to use a very simplistic anti-detect browser tool and a proxy built in together to make it just really easy on yourself. This is probably your ticket to do that, okay, guys? Um and there you go. There's Reddit, um super easy to use. But, that's pretty much it, guys. If you genuinely take the time to build out the right systems and databases, you can make an absolute ton of money milking everything that Reddit has to offer. These fans who come from Reddit are also typically much higher quality than your typical fan. So, the LTVs that you get from these Reddit subs are typically really, really solid, too, if your chatting is on point. Reddit is literally one of the best OF traffic sources in the game, but only if you treat it like ops. And guys, if you want our database of subreddits or any of the other tools I showed or mentioned in this video, shoot me a DM on Instagram or Telegram, and I can share it. And once again, the Multilogin discount code Patty50 is in the description of this video. Get that going into your systems as soon as possible. It's going to help you out a ton. But, otherwise, guys, appreciate you all watching. Make sure you like, share, and subscribe. I'm out, y'all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ramirom12321: Patty always dropping the sauce as always!
  2. @testimonykayode6771: Please can I apply to be your VA please
  3. @magnusttt9115: Heyy, Can I have your reddit tracker sheet?
  4. @MarketplaceofModels: The best way to achieve good results is through one-on-one mentoring and finding models who are truly committed. And we can help you with that.
  5. @gfx3d-t8d: How do you make post in reddit platform and share screen as well how you did each posting and where did you post it is it in NSFW or SFW subreddit?

- How to get 100s of subscribers from Reddit to your OnlyFans (2026): Kind: captions Language: en All right, boys. Welcome back to another video. Today I'm going to be talking about Reddit marketing for 2026. Um, so yeah, I done a video on Reddit quite a while ago now, which is a bit different how we run it currently. Obviously, I won't be sharing every single little detail for Reddit as you know I want to keep that for my private group. But I'll be sharing the basics of what you need to actually start and then obviously from there you know you know if you have a brain in my opinion it's pretty easy like I do think Reddit a lot of people really do over complicate Reddit like compared to what it really is once you understand. I think a lot of people do over complicate it a lot. Um but yeah, so first of all, account setup. Um I don't buy accounts and I don't farm karma, which I know a lot of people are shocked about. Every time I tell someone that they like they like get so confused, they get surprised. But a lot of the time people get banned because they farm karma or they buy accounts. Now, I don't think buying accounts will get you banned guaranteed every time. I know a lot of people that do buy accounts and they're fine as well, but this is just what we found works best for us. Um, you know, in my opinion, it doesn't take long to grow an account from zero. So, yeah, we create on mobile and warm it up for two to four days and then we find subs with no requirements and build up from there. So, like I said, in my opinion, it doesn't take long at all to uh build an account from zero. Literally like within the within the first week if you perform good you can then find subbrands that you can go easily viral in and get already 50 plus 100 plus free subs a day. Um so yeah mobile data or proxy works fine. You don't need to specifically have a proxy. You can use mobile data if you're in the UK US. You could even get away with using your Wi-Fi, but I think it's best to use mobile data. Um, just in case. And yeah, and then sorry guys, I'm still sick as I mentioned in another video, by the way. Um, increase by one post per day until we reach 20 a day. So, basically, once the warm up's done, we'll then start posting one a day. So one then two then three then four then five until we reach um 20 there and then pin post um of promote of link and then another pin post of a gif or a pick of the model and of link in comments and then bio should be niche related and promoting off of link. So obviously we we like to keep the account simple. Um but obviously the bar should be niche related, right? If you say goth, you should make it some something related to that. But just obviously still simple. Still just promote the left link. Um that's it. Overall the account should look pretty simple. We don't use pro pictures. We just use avatar the Reddit avatar thing. Um and that's it. So yeah, it's very simple. Um, next thing is every account we run is niche specific. The best way to run Reddit is keep testing subreddits, niches, and content until you find what works best and scale this way. A lot of people, they'll just have like two accounts and they just find random subreddits, which can work good, but for majority of accounts, the best way to do it is just have one account, for example, feet, one for boobs, one for ass, one for complete SSW if you want. And then just find out what works best for you, what type of content work best for you and then scale that way. If fee works best for you, create five accounts all for feet and then you know just different subreddits on each one. Um, obviously for Reddit, you can't have the same subreddits on multiple accounts. Each account has to be a different list of subreddits. So yeah, spoofsybot on Telegram is what I use to spoof content for images. And then red gifs is for videos. So if you don't really know, red gifs technically automatically spoos your content as is a different link. So you don't need to spoof your content or like your video. Sorry. Just use red gifts and that's all you need to do. Um and then captions and content is um the most important for Reddit. Even if you have bad subreddits, you can still perform somewhat okay if you have good content. So as long as you basically what I'm trying to say is with this is you know caption uh content is literally the most important thing. Um Reddit is one of those where the content is it's a very like high requirements for content in my opinion. If you don't have good content for Reddit you won't perform good ever. Even if you have a good model, if a content is bad or you've not really tested different types of content, you just picked out random stuff and just posted it. Um, you could be missing out on a lot of a lot more subscribers. Um, so yeah, content, make sure you know the one the main thing of Reddit I will say is like just make sure you really put your time into the content and once you figure it out and figure out what works for your model there, then you know the rest will come. Um, even if your counters look good, even if your subs aren't the best, even if your captions aren't the best, if you have really good content, you will perform at least pretty good. Uh, so yeah. And then when scanning for VAS, you can either transfer your mobile credit accounts to web with the same proxy or get your VA's uh phones after you try them out and know they're trusted and can do a good job on mobile reddit. So yeah, when we look for Reddit VAS, we we make sure they obviously have at least one phone already so we can give them a mobile phone and then you know if we want to carry on using them after that one account then we'll either get them to transfer a few accounts to web um or we'll just buy them an extra phone or two. Um it depends like how good they are. Usually at first we'll just get them to transfer to web. Um but if they um if they perform really good like you know it's like one of our best performing accounts and obviously we'll buy them phones um so they can keep doing phone. So yeah so that's pretty much it for Reddit. Um like I said there are obviously more things I've not shared here and I prefer to keep them for the group um as I don't want things to get patched too easily or like you know overused and stuff. But this is the basics that you need to know to start Reddit um coming into 2026, few days away. And yeah, it's been a good year, guys. Hopefully, you know, anyone watching this, if you're new or if you're, you know, doing right now, hope you guys have a good 2026. Um and yeah, you guys can join my Telegram. I'll leave in the description. Um it's a free Telegram channel. And yeah, see you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @KILLUMINATI333 [2 likes]: i'm about to buy an acc and give it to VA hoping to cowork well and scale it this way, wish me luck
  2. @IsaacCalleTapia: Could you get fans for a commission?
  3. @Lorenzo.ginestra: So you start posting NSFW after the initial warmup? My posts keep getting removed

- How I Made $200,000+ on OnlyFans WITHOUT Showing EVERYTHING: My BIGGEST TIPS, Advice, Hacks + MORE!: Kind: captions Language: en guess who's back welcome back to my channel Luna you have no idea how exciting this is only fans content 2023 let's go no the title isn't click bait or scam back in January 2020 I started my only fans account on a whim with no idea what was about to explode but my life very quickly changed and I found myself being a top zero percent Creator on the only fans platform this success didn't happen overnight but with consistency I soon began to make about 15K monthly on the platform with a grand total of over two hundred thousand dollars made within the last two to three years part of me has no idea how this even happened and the other part of me understands it was a combination of a lot but broken down into my best tips here's how I think I did it foreign [Music] welcome back I am so excited to be making this video This is my first only fans related like dedicated video since December 2021 I think I took a very long break and I'm sure many of you are familiar so I won't spend too much time talking about that but I'm so excited to be back and talking more about updated only fans advice tips and my progress with you so much has changed we have so many updates to get through and I want to hear about your updates as well because I do keep up with like comments of people that are also doing only fans and I'm sure that the last update you gave me in 2020 or 2021 may not reflect what's going on now so if you're still doing only fans if it's progressed if you took a break if you stopped like let me know I'd love to hear it and of course all comment sections on my only fans related videos feel free to plug your link your info this is a great way to promote not on all of my videos please but anything only fans you are more than welcome to leave your info down below I'm also going to be doing an updated only fans q a so if you have any questions relevant to only fans today or questions I never answered in my previous only fans videos please leave those down below as well I'll be gathering those for a q a soon so subscribe so you don't miss that I also will be asking I think on Instagram so please make sure that you're following me on Instagram and watching those stories so you do not miss your opportunity to send in a question for a video but I figured for my first video back I would do kind of a big overview of just hey here's how much I've made this is how I did it here are the best of the best tips that I have for how you can achieve and earn a lot of money on only fans as well and we're just gonna be really chill on the couch today it feels weird not filming one of these in my home office that I used to film every single one in back in my apartment something that only fans gave me that I'm grateful for is this house and I have not filmed a lot of only fans videos in here yet so I don't know the best space But I wanted it to feel very chill and look at ketchup so we're on the Couch today I made a huge note of my biggest tips for only fans broken down into like 10 bullet notes and we're just gonna go through them all hopefully these don't sound too repetitive but I am compiling my best advice into one video so some of them may overlap with some older videos but keep in mind that you know it's a new era now social media is very different only fans has changed a lot so these are the pieces of advice that I think have outlived the changes in algorithm in Trends in social media and what I still believe will take you very far in success on the platform everything that I've written down in preparation for this video is based off of an article that I actually wrote on medium about how I earned two hundred thousand dollars on the platform I'm going to link that article down below I'm trying to grow my medium and I'm making a video on how to earn money on medium as well so please follow my medium account check out the article subscribe to me over on there it would mean a lot because I'm also my cats it would mean a lot because I'm planning on writing a lot of articles about only fans on that platform so if you prefer to read rather than watch you the first thing I need to say though is you do not need to show everything to be on only fans will it change how much money you make potentially could you make more if you did maybe but being comfortable with what you're posting and creating boundaries for yourself that don't make you uncomfortable that is what's most important and everyone will have different boundaries everyone will feel comfortable with different things and that's okay and that's what makes only fans such a diverse platform every single Creator is posting something different that they prefer to make I will admit that my boundaries have expanded since when I first started it if you watch those first videos I did have specific boundaries with myself and over time naturally those have expanded I still have my comfort zone and my own boundaries but I'm a lot more comfortable with things that younger me might have been iffy about but now I think I just realize it's not a big deal and as long as I'm okay with it that's all that matters but I still do not consider myself as someone on the platform that shows everything so like I've referred to this before as noodles on older videos just to remain within guidelines but we all know new noodles the good stuff um there are so many different kinds and to me like everything implies everything I don't know it's such a weird thing to try to explain but I just like to say that as long as you have boundaries and are comfortable with what you're posting you're good there are still some requests outside of my comfort zone that I'm not okay with but there are also a lot within my comfort zone that I'm completely fine with follow my only fans to see more but I just wanted to make sure to cover that with the title because I don't want anyone to think that you have to show specific things in order to be successful you can show whatever the heck you want the most important thing is that you're comfortable and you have boundaries for yourself and you don't feel like you've let yourself down or that you're doing anything that you are uncomfortable with because you should never feel pressured on the platform there is so much to cover it would be impossible to get through it all within this first video but I'm gonna do my best and as always please sign up for only fans using my referral link down below subscribe to my only fans page if you're curious going off of that though my only fans page is just my name Michaela country sort of linked down below if you want to sign up for and only fans page please use my referral sign up link down below I still offer shout outs on my only fans page you can DM me on Instagram or Twitter for this and if you're looking for more one-on-one help I do offer Zoom consultations it's a 30 minute session you and me going over whatever you want just to help you on your own page reach out to me on Instagram or Twitter for that as well the last thing that I really need to update you guys on is that I've released new merch if you have been watching these videos you know the base of this whole journey has been if you've got it monetize it if you got it monetize it really got me through 2020 it got me to where I am today the whole concept of that that I came up with is focusing on what you are good at what your talents are and figuring out a way to monetize it if you're talented with music there are ways to monetize that if you're talented with like DIYs crafting there's ways to monetize that if you are a intuitive card reader you can monetize it whatever it is that you've got nobody else has that specific tool or Talent so figuring out how to monetize it is key the last merch drop of it was in 2020 but you know a lot has changed and I figured it was time for a fresh look it's so fresh that mine haven't even arrived yet I literally just created and dropped these but it's a lot more of a cleaner minimal simple look my old merch is made from the same material so I know that these are so cozy but definitely a time for a fresh start it would mean the world to me so please check out my merch go buy yourself a soft crew neck or hoodie I also do have a discount code for you if you use the code only fans you'll get 10 off so check out the new merch very exciting merch drop it just feels right now with all that being said it would take days to cover like everything that I have so I'm going to do my best in this first video just to focus on the bigger ideas I have the rest of the year really to break it all down but it just feels like a time to start fresh with this first video back and do a video on like my biggest tips on how to earn money on on the platform so I've broken it down into 10 tips here we go number one set yourself up for Success the foundation is so crucial don't be afraid to take time to do the little things in fact it's important that you do make sure that you have a clear profile picture and a good cover photo that shows the type of content that you post these are two sellers because it's the only visual content that people can see before they subscribe to your page so if they're immediately turned off by it or just not interested like people are literally judging a book by its cover here and that first impression matters but if your profile picture or cover photo makes them want to see more that's the idea I should also say here like do as I say not as I do because I know some of these don't reflect my own page but I've kind of taken a step back because I'm here to help you and I could also listen to my own advice but I just feel like my page because of the platform that has grown here it's fine but if you're looking to like really set yourself up for success or things that I did in the beginning this is it right out that thorough bio including information about you not too much though like privacy for sure don't tell them like where you live even how old you are I think is sometimes too much unless it's part of your brand because I know some people will put like 18 or 19 because it'll help them get fans but more so like what type of content you post how often you post what you're into services that you offer any deals that you have like that type of information is really helpful I also recommend hiding your fan count because that will always be subjective to who's looking at it but keeping your likes public and you're also able to like your own posts but we'll get into that in a little bit now look at your profile as if it is not your own page and ask yourself would I subscribe to this page if the answer is no figure out why and fix it number two create new accounts now this isn't something that I did in the beginning but if I were to create a second only fans page or do it again I would definitely follow this technique because social media media platforms are not that friendly when it comes to only fans links and integrating only fans into your personal social media accounts puts everything at risk if you lose your Instagram that's connected to Facebook if you promote on like a dating app it's deleted I lost my Snapchat account the first night that I created only fans and to this day I miss it sometimes because I just stopped using SnapChat it was too much I lost everything it was just too hard not the biggest deal but if you want to protect your personal social media as well as your privacy and personal life do not promote your only fans on it create a new account treat this like a new business one with its own separate social media accounts like I mentioned most social media platforms don't really like only fans but if they do delete your account at least it's the separate only fans page and not your personal one this can also help create a separate like work and personal life while spending time online create a new Instagram Twitter Tick Tock twitch Reddit Etc to promote your only fans on make sure it has your only fans info your username handle a link tree some websites are more friendly than others like on Reddit and Twitter you can do the only fans like Instagram use linktree it's just better to be careful too so if you want to stick to link tree or just the tagged at handle that could work as well just make sure that it has your only fans link info and some only fans photos on it to help promote your page but creating separate accounts now I think is crucial number three be consistent nothing happens overnight success takes determination motivation perseverance grit and so many other factors to make it happen as you can see from my earnings listed it took a while before I started making 10K a month but consistency helps keep your page relevant which will attract people to your page and consistency helps keep your fans active and subscribe to your page for longer than just one month as well you can't make an only fans page and expect to make thousands that first month it will take time it will take dedication it will take you staying with it for a long time and then being proud of like the success I've had so many DMS of people complaining because they've only made a couple hundred dollars but that's a couple hundred dollars that you didn't have before and if your attitude toward money is that negative not everyone will believe this but I do if your attitude toward money is negative it won't attract more the universe listens and if you have a blockage there and you have a negative attitude toward that energy the frequency the energy it's not going to align with the frequency of money so how could you earn more if you're not even grateful for the money that you received but going off of being consistent my fourth tip is to promote every day everywhere the only way to grow your page is by promoting your page this can prove to be so tricky and I think it's one of the biggest challenges with an only fans account if you don't have a following already a lot of people complain that the only reason I made money is because of my following but I only have a follow following because I made these videos so when I first started my only fans account I was literally just like you I had a very small YouTube channel it brought in a couple of fans but I put in the hard work I didn't have this following like this came after slash because of it there is no right or wrong way to promote your page and every platform will work differently for everyone so something that worked really well for one Creator might not work for you but that's why it's important to promote on everything as often as you can to figure out which like fishing lines you're getting bites from and then using that platform that's most successful more often to bring in more fans I personally think Twitter is awesome because they're so friendly with only fans and you can post more explicit content there to promote your page Reddit is great if you can get one of your posts to kind of be seen a lot that helps with promotion and your target audience is probably on Reddit not going to lie Instagram can work really well if you create a brand for yourself on there but it can be tricky if you're just starting out out because you have to build up Instagram at the same time that you're building up only fans but again perseverance consistency posting and promoting every single day number five I've kind of touched on this a little bit but find your Niche find what works best for you find your brand this is so important like what type of content are you going to make everyone is in the different categories I've received requests from a wide range form of content but if you can master your Niche I guarantee you will make a lot number six oh my gosh I wish I knew this one sooner send out Mass DMs I think I was like five six months into my journey on only fans before discovering this and I realized I had lost the opportunity to make so much more had I done this in the beginning so only fans gives you the option to send out a mass DM to all of your fans at the same time before this I would just post a preview pick and tell them to DM me if they want to see more but that is more of a passive approach active approach would be sending them the message with the photos already hiding behind a price lock so you take all the content you send it in a mass DM to everyone you have a price attached to it and they unlock it to view use one photo or a censored version post it on your feed to promote it tell them that the full bundle the full pick whatever is in their DM waiting for them to open it this will help fans open it especially fans that wouldn't be actively like reaching out to you being like hey can I see that picture that you said to DM you about it just helps this is the biggest difference and it truly doubles earnings I swear going off of this number seven create bundles there are two types of bundles that I'm referring to subscription bundles and photo bundles subscription bundles only fans allows you to create these bundles of memberships where instead of subscribing for one month you can subscribe for three or six months up front at once to save 10 15 you choose in the settings please do this set it up on your page even if you're skeptical that someone will do this it's great to have as an option up there because I've had it up there for years and two times people have done it and it helped because you get a lot of money at once it's also a sign that a fan likes your account and is sticking around for a long time because they enjoy what you're posting now photo bundles I also recommend instead of trying to sell one photo for 30 bucks take three sell it as a bundle and sell that for 30 bucks like you know the style of how most people take photos now it used to be like okay one two three except now when we say can you take a photo for me or if you're taking a photo it's like click click click click click click click and then hoping that you get one good one so do this with only fans photos create a bundle of similar photos slightly different it's like a carousel on Instagram when like girls post two photos and they look so similar but her hand is like slightly different I'm guilty of this too like I'm just bringing up how it can be like the same photo shoot bundle but instead of choosing one to sell at a time fans feel like they're getting more for their money which they are when you sell them as a bundle and if a fan sees that there are 10 photos in there rather than two for the same price they're more likely to purchase it so bundles are your best friend here number eight I touched on this a little bit but like your own posts this isn't like Instagram or Facebook it's not weird to do this and it helps your page improve and increase the light count that again like I mentioned earlier is visible at the top of your page so let's say you have 30 posts and like 40 likes 40 likes is visible right now you go back and you like all of your posts and your light count increased from 40 to 70 and if you get one more fan and they like 30 posts that brings you up to 100 likes which you helped get there by 30 does that make sense it just improves the light count it makes it look higher especially when you're starting your own page out and you post like your first 10 photos and you're just waiting to get fans a potential subscriber might come to your page but see that you have zero likes and feel skeptical because no one has liked your posts it has nothing to do with what the posts are but it might make them not as likely to subscribe whereas if they clicked on the link and saw that you're a new page and you already have 10 likes they're gonna try it out more the point here is that you want that number to be as high as possible number nine don't forget listen to and engage with your audience they're the whole reason why you're making money they're the whole reason why your page is working like they're subscribed to you without an audience you don't have an income simple as that so say thank you be polite ask what they want to see ask how they're doing and create that relationship that makes fans feel special in their own specific way if fans are telling you the price is too high modify it give them a discount if a fan requests content consider it if you're comfortable with it and if it doesn't go outside of your boundaries that you've made for yourself make that content specifically for that fan that asked it's really important to earn trust with your audience and this helps them stay subscribed now the last tip that I have in this video is make your own opportunities never let judgment or fear get in the way of your success there are a lot of opinions about only fans but at the end of the day do what is best for you and your situation I firmly believe in any situation or decision that you're doing as long as you're not hurting yourself or others then who cares if I let fear control my situation or the Judgment of those that didn't approve with what I was doing I would not be where I am today like not even close just sitting on this couch in this living room at 2PM on a Wednesday I'm always grateful for that and I know that I only have only fans and you that watch my videos to think and I also know that it is so possible for YouTube because years ago I was watching girls that did this on YouTube before I started thinking wow that's crazy and that's what made me start so I know from the other side of the mirror that this can be you as well it seems impossible I know but I am here to tell you that it's not I firmly believe this I believe in you you got this over these last three years those are the biggest tips that I have broken down if you're ready to start the journey sign up now using my link let me know any questions for that only fans video down below check out my merch to get amped about you know monetizing what you've got again the merch doesn't have to reflect only fans I have friends that bought the merch that run Etsy shops or build Furniture it really is just monetizing your own skill and being successful with that but I hope you liked the first video back I tried really hard to kind of fill as much information in here as possible I want to do a full video on like promoting in 2023 and how the algorithm has changed how I would do things differently this year versus 2020 so a lot of only fans content is in the works and will come soon please subscribe I'll link the full only fans playlist down below check it out even if you think you've watched them all make sure you haven't missed a video I hope you're as excited as I am to be back this is this is the best feeling shoot me a DM if you want to do a shout out or a zoom meeting and I'll see you real soon with my next video bye [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [51 likes]: Don’t forget!! if you're planning to sign up, please use my link!! https://onlyfans.com/?ref=18779765 thanks for watching! 🤍
  2. @kadijakallon2533 [1 likes]: Loved it @monifamcqueen
  3. @Ghostietapsasmr [1 likes]: These tips are helpful!
  4. @Angel_youtube120 [1 likes]: Thank youuuu ❤
  5. @incognito8448 [1 likes]: Prostitution is prostitution whether its  hands on ,video, retail or  membership ... whether it marks your soul or not is how you lie to yourself to sleep well at the end of the day
  6. @samanthaoary518: Just started mine a few days ago💕☺️ @yourgoodgirllx
  7. @SeleneMerlot: 11:07 I'd even add; Have a different phone for that business. And personally my spicy persona helps me explore that world and remain myself.
  8. @SeleneMerlot: I love how you mention that the most important part is to find your personal zone with what you want to show. Onlyfans greatest quality is giving the power to the creator instead of a producer giving options for people to achieve a kind of freedom never heard of in the SW industry before
  9. @sonicmax7: My OF doesn't make much i can only make enough for rent and bills
  10. @kellimccann1846: Definitely super excited to start my journey  I’m definitely a GILF and would love help to get started
  11. @joshuadakin4247: Hit me up trying to start an only fans
  12. @Itsryleygaffey: Thanks for helping me
  13. @irachoi8944: I started a few months ago but don’t really have ways to promote, i’m also a biker with a bike-insta, but i have family members that follow me so i’ve been trying to do everything subtly, also not very consistently, i have moments where things go well, but then life gets in the way and i lose focus, 

I had an accident a few weeks back, lost my job the day after, had a concussion, had to take care of my mom who’s dealing with hernia pains

I want to do this shit
I wanna go for it, i want to be financially independent, i want to LIVE man
  14. @briandaestala5139: Tu_mamabri
  15. @brooklynblack6503: find me anywhere my user is bunnyholezz 🥰
  16. @theinfamouspropagandalf: Damn seems it's so much easier for real girls on OF. I have an AI girl on a similar site. After 2 years it's up to about 2k per month but nothing like those OF numbers. Even with over 200k instagram followers.
  17. @palmtoptiger421: How do you deal with leaks?
  18. @MissEvaRose021: Started my journey last year 
Took me 4 months before I started getting some sort of income 
I am faceless on my content 
But I am wanting to change the narrative of my page 
Was led to believe I should only do xxx but now I want to venture into more hobbies showcasing my life etc 

Do you recommend that?
  19. @kittykattzz01: Tips Start at 8:28
  20. @bilhajepyegon: Created mine today am totally confused, I need a guider

- How to start Onlyfans from scratch in 2025 | Everything you need to know: Kind: captions Language: en so you want to know how to start only fans in 2024 so you can make a lot of money online have all your time back this is the video you need to watch Now setting up only fans it's a nice simple process but not a lot of people understand the process I mean that's probably why you're here just to get a breakdown of how everything should flow so you can start making a lot of money online so the first thing you need to do if you haven't already got an account is of course set it up and get it verified so all you have to do is just go on the only fans website go to become a Creator and verify so you need to upload your ID that type of thing it normally takes about one two days to verify if it does get rejected it's not a problem at all just go to your email see why they rejected it fix what you did and then redo it then you'll be verified nice and simple so as soon as you get verified you need to figure out what your page is going to be about so the first things when people come on to your page to subscribe what they're going to see obviously is your profile picture the cover photo the bio and then how much it costs to subscribe so let's start off with the profile and cover picture these need to be some of your best photos there are this is what's going to attract people to see if they want to see more these got to be a little bit teasy they cannot be sexual at all in terms of non-nude they have to be non-nude can't be nude at all but they need to be teasy very sexy very hot just so it makes subscribers want to subscribe Then followed by this it's your bio your bio there's either two ways you can go about this either you make it very about you who you are your age where you're from what you like doing and that means fans can get bought into your brand even more or on the other hand you can make it very sexual so you on there you could have what you offer like Joys ppvs nude content what goes on you feed how often you post that type of thing so you can even go both ways or maybe you want to make a little blend normally we find a little bit more of a blend will help with conversion because subscribers are not there just to see you naked they're there to build a little bit of a connection now the final thing fanss are going to see before subscribing is your price of course so with only fans you can set your price between 3 $4 or all the way up to $40 $50 a month I mean typically you're not going to be up there and you don't want to be so low that you're not making any money where I suggest to be is between the $7 month a month Mark and the $15 a month Mark and that's where you're going to be most profitable most of you should be around that $10 Mark some of you might go up to $15 and run a discount so it doesn't hurt the conversion and that means subscribers will just pay a higher rate it's all going to depend depend on what you're offering really I would recommend go around $9.99 $1.99 13.99 you don't really want to be down at the sevens because of the money and you don't want to go too high like $15 because that might put people off so that's step one of setting up your only fans account actually set the account up get your profile picture get your cover picture your bio and set up the pricing so the second thing you need to do when setting up your account everything set up now in terms of what the subscriber could see before buying is what happens when the subscriber Buys so on your only fans account just before they subscribe they can see how much media you got so photos and videos how many posts you actually have up and that's going to be a big factor if someone subscribes because if they're going to pay you $10 a month and there's only one picture up is it worth it to them or if there's 100 photos up and it's $10 they're more likely to buy it's more worth it for them there's a lot more value now with that being said the minimum requirement you need to do to set up your account you need to have 100 photos and 20 videos now I know that does sound like a lot of content but you can do that within a few hours just change a few outfits move around the house make it look like it all wasn't taken on one day it will take you maybe two hours maximum nice simple so just have a little photo shoot get maybe five outfits six six outfits a bit of lingerie C outfits do a few sexual poses now in terms of the 100 photos and the 20 videos these all can't be nuded it is going to really depend on what you're in your account but you're charging say around $10 a month these nude photos can sell for a lot more so I really recommend you don't post nude on your page at all if you want to post say a boo picture every now and then that's fine but 90 % of your content should be non-nude so this would be cloth photos lingerie photos maybe you've just got out the shower and you've WRA the tower around most your body that's fine as well it needs to be really teasing very hard teasing very sexual very sexually implicit but not nude at all this is very important for when you're selling extra to make most of the money it's very very important now the Third step what you need to do your account is fully set up now so it's ready to go people can subscribe there's plenty of content on the page but you've got no subscribers so what do you have to do you got to get your name out there you got to start marketing so you're going to set up every social media platform there is Facebook Instagram Twitter Tik Tok Reddit everything that's what you need to do you need to understand what creators are already doing out there as well and you need to understand what's working well on platform so for example on Instagram at the moment as I'm recording this what's going well is Instagram reals so have a mixture of feed post and real post for Tik Tok Tik Tok lives are going well for Twitter a bit more hard teasing on there retweetou groups do well as well so you might retweet other creators that type of thing but you need to figure out what's going to do well for you your Niche and for the platform as well now as Pablo Picasso said good artist copy great artist still what you need to do you need to find creators in your Niche you need to find what content they're making what content has gone viral and then you're going to understand what performs well what you're going to have to do to start with is copy their ideas you can change them a little but to start start from fresh I'd recommend just copy what they did exactly it has a proven structure of why it went viral to just copy as you get more developed you can add your own ideas incorporate your niche more your personality even more too this is very key now your videos that do go viral not a lot of creators do this but it's super important you need to be able to break down why exactly this went viral what did well in it what made people stop what made people watch the whole video and what made people actually engage and it is on the same as the flip side if the video did super bad you need to figure out why this could be because the video is bad no one clicked it there's no reaction to give out there or it could be simple you're' being Shadow banned so either way you're winning you're winning that situation you're either figuring out what's doing better and doing more of it or you're figuring out what's doing bad and avoiding it or figuring out oh You' being shadowbanned how can I take it off now these are the four main processes you need to start only fans so step one set up the account verify it add a profile picture cover picture a good bio and set your price right now step two is about what actually goes on your page have at least 100 photos at least 20 videos and make it very hard teasing but not nude at all three of course is getting yourself out there marketing getting yourself on social platforms and seeing what's does well and four is looking at other creators copying and analyzing what's done well for you and what's done bad now if you did like this video what I would recommend is searching on YouTube even more in depth with these steps so for example what should go on my only fans feed look at what other creators put on their feed with the marketing look at marketing strategies for certain platforms and then also seeing what other creators are doing if you want even more information so you can scale fast we do have a telegram link if you just click it below and that will bring you into a telegram link where I just give a lot more information out and that's going to help you grow and make even more money

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnlyBlissOF [6 likes]: Join the Telegram group to learn INSIDER information about becoming a Top OF Creator: https://t.me/OnlyBlissOF
  2. @kaydee7493 [3 likes]: Why are you so helpful and soothing lol
  3. @OnlyGigii-v1n [2 likes]: Thank you for these informations! 😇
I already found a few errors on my page 🤔🤭😇🤓
  4. @lauraperez5526 [2 likes]: thanks for the advice
  5. @josephm7606 [2 likes]: Do you actually run an OF page? Because it doesn’t appear that you do. So why should we listen to you?
  6. @GwenRoquemoqe [1 likes]: This is so helpful
  7. @VALKYRAESBBLGOFUNDME [1 likes]: @hasanAbi @QTCinderella @AustinShow @valkyrae @WillNeff @TheCarolineKwan  @Pokimane @kkataminaTV @Fuslie @Cinna @Ludwig @MayaHiga  @JasonTheWeenie @Faze  IF THE GOVERNMENT SHUTS TWITCH DOWN RAE THE RAT WILL HAVE TO GO BACK TO SELLING WEED TO 12 YEAR OLDS OUT OF GAMESTOP ON THE BRIGHT SIDE NO MORE OF HER MID IG PHOTO SPAMMING LMFAOOOOO
  8. @stargatepuma9561 [1 likes]: hard truth. very informative thank you
  9. @Thefanauditor: How much mone have you nade?
  10. @8pumpum-al-day-xd686: No this is the devils work capitalising on a man's weakness is wrong and makes me sick. Go to church
  11. @AdriannaNellis: He's the only person that has gotten on here. So far that did a video that I understood, and he itemized everything I like that very good, very great creator a lot of prosperity to your son
  12. @anastasiadr5583: As a wife at her 44 & with 6hrs of free time daily, I need to start asap. Thank you for your advices! One last question, i do not want to show my face and be known, therefore can I do it by myself or do i need a photgrapher? @OnlyBliss
  13. @heresmee9661: hard accent to follow
  14. @Value.K: It keeps rejecting my Identification
  15. @DeborahHorne-go6dy: What if you want to be anonymous what picture do you use?
  16. @TheMrshefner: Best video hands down I am clueless where to start but you helped tremendously and I subscribed
  17. @CerpinTaxt666: How come bro is tellin' all this as if its meant for girls? Aren't OF with dudes way more popular?
  18. @Multi-Christo: Pls how can I setup an only fans account someone please how me out
  19. @Ninanaplesxxx: I’m shadow banned on twitter, can you help me remove that
  20. @Ninanaplesxxx: Add meeeee @ninanaples ❤

- How to make money on ONLYFANS! tips & advice: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel this is my first video in my new apartment so if there's an echo if you hear people outside actually no one's outside cuz important to you if you hear anything odd I'm adjusting the new place I need to figure out the best places to film in I'm also trying to figure out how to use a mic so this might be the last video that you get from me that I have shitty sound I'm working on it as I'm filming this right now Los Angeles is under a mandatory quarantine everywhere Alice's quarantined like things are just crazy and a lot of people are out of work right now so I know that tons of people are looking to alternatives to make money so I felt like I can help you guys a lot maybe give you some tips and be brutally honest with you from somebody that has been doing this since 2017 before only fans popped off I was on there I do it as a full-time job I do other sites of course if you want to know what sites I'm using i'm gonna put my referral links below if you find this video helpful at all definitely use my referral links that helps me out so much and then i'm able to give you more advanced and promo and whatever you need but anyways there were a few things that i saw in other videos that i'm gonna bring up because it's just not okay before you start i do want you to understand that things are stressful in the world right now but what you do online is forever and it will follow you so if you're doing this as an option to make ends meet I completely understand lots of people start this for that very reason but please just think about it thoroughly because a year from now you might not be in this position and then you'll regret what you did during this time and I just don't want to see that happen to anyone another thing that I want to say is that you do have to pay taxes like I don't know who was running around telling these new girls that they don't have to pay taxes like I don't know but a lot of people are starting this under the impression that they don't have to pay taxes and then they get by the IRS and they're like oh my god saving I wasn't budgeting you should be saving 30% of your income for taxes because if it doesn't end up being 30% of your income well there you go you have a savings whatever like save 30% look even I'm bad at saving for taxes you can do payment plans whatever but you need to save for taxes like I saw someone replied to a comment one of my videos being like one of my friends is a cam girl and she doesn't make talks and she laughed at you look if you don't want to pay taxes talk to God not me like I don't know oh my god now the first thing is unless you already have a platform people are going there for a personal connection and they kind of expect that now obviously you don't owe people anything you run the show that's the reason why people do this job is because they get to choose what they do with their time but I will say that unless you are someone that does work and is also famous like for example a super popular porn star or someone that's likely the plug or Britannia or whatever like you already have a platform people are going to you in joining because they want to be able to chat with you sometimes they want personalized messages from you they want you to post often so that's like an added difficulty if you don't already have a platform because people aren't joining just because they're a huge fan of you already they're joining because they want that one-on-one connection with you so just keep that in mind I love replying to my subscribers when I'm bored I talk to them all the time I like sending them just like a little heart like I'll do a mass message and just send a cute picture things like that so make them feel special because you want them to keep returning especially when you're building that like clientele you want them to keep coming back so give them a reason to keep coming back if you're just posting the same few pictures and whatever they're not gonna be enticed but if you're sending the mass messages all the time and you're involved with them they're gonna be like I don't want to leave I don't want to miss out here's another thing and this might just be my opinion like if someone wants to disagree go in the comments let me know your opinion but your no we're being the hater you're gonna get nowhere isolating yourself from other girls and just pretending like this whole world doesn't exist except for you I don't see you going very far I have found so many of my supporters from interacting with other girls cross promoting if I feel like it being sweet to people just generally being involved in the community because it exposes you to so many different people you're not gonna get popping on only bins and you have a secret Instagram with 40 followers and you're like swipe up to subscribe and then you just act like you don't have it like that's not sustainable maybe people from high school will join for the first month and then be like why am i subscribed I saw her titties that's all I wanted and whenever like if you want to keep growing to make this income make this pay your rent then you're gonna need to get involved in the community make a Twitter make an Instagram make everything and get involved with other girls hashtag that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like go all out on social media because that's how I find my people now one thing that I will say this is something that I actually just saw a girl recommend in her video which like stressed me the hell out is that someone recommended that you promote on snapchat and Instagram do not do that do not do not like unless you want your accounts deleted don't do that I literally feel like I have to scream and girls face this and be like don't promote on Instagram what are you doing you're gonna get deleted because that's what happens same with snapchat now if you even like link only fans you get deleted Instagram is super strict on only fans lots of people get deleted it might not be you but do you really want to be that one they catch know one thing that's so important is be original they're joining their page because they want you not someone else you can get advice from people but just don't take the whole blueprint from another person like people are subscribed to them because they like them and they'll subscribe to you because they like you that person is successful for being them you'll be successful for being you if you just put work into it don't copy every one word for word because if you're so focused on what other people are doing you're not gonna be building your own authentic fanbase on there and it's just like I said before it's not sustainable another thing I saw was someone promote on tender I just really want to throw this in there don't do that tinder will also delete you they are not sex work friendly and honestly do you really want to get your account deleted because a bunch of men are reporting you men that are on there they're on tinder because they want to take them out to dinner and try to them they don't want to pay for only fan it might be speaking to generally maybe some people do and have found success from there but I just don't see that happening long-term so just like avoid tender why do you want people that are that close to you on your only fans just don't do it I don't okay one little trick that a lot of people might not know is you know those little hearts that like show up in the corner that say how many likes you have people pay attention to that because it shows how interactive your audience is and just how much you post like your own damn post it's free engagement literally liking your own posts is free engagement so do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's not gonna tell on you it's not like Instagram where it says likes by whatever like just like your own post who cares you analyze nos messaging definitely utilize mass messaging that's like my favorite part of the Lincoln's honestly is being able to sell my videos through their hosts often even if you have five subscribers post a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time build up a bunch of content and post like 50 posts I've never subscribed to a girls-only fans that only had 5 posts and 0 videos and whatever ever I subscribe to only fans that I think are popping that a lot of people like if you have 5 subscribers and you have 50 posts and exactly 50 likes because they're all yourself that looks way better than 2 posts 0 likes whatever my biggest piece of advice is listen to what your audience wants pay attention to what they're liking pay attention what they're requesting and you don't have to do everything that they want because like I said you run the show it's all you but listen to them because it will keep them around for longer and give you longevity with your subscribers try new things pay attention to what other people are doing without copying them and just try your hardest I could keep giving you advice for days on this honestly up until you guys a little secret I am working on something that's gonna give you guys even more money-making advice but I don't know when I'm going to announce anything about it it could literally be six months from now I just want you to keep that in your mind because I'm excited I love giving people advice that I wish that I had in the beginning if you enjoyed this video use my referral links even if you already have an only fans I'm on so many other sites I have my Twitter post linked below you can click on it and there's a thread of all the sites I use I love giving people that use my referral links promo and advice whatever I can do for you I genuinely try my best to reply to everyone follow my clothing brand internet girlfriend because I don't really make money from YouTube videos I made like 300 dollars a year so and I hope that someone got something valuable out of this video I want to be a service to you guys let's make that team money like we're all born at home right now let's get paid let's do the most that we can let's prepare for after all of this is over and let's really just set ourselves up for our future save your money save for taxes save for future expenses just save as much as you can but also enjoy life I enjoy life a little too much and I need to calm down thank you guys for watching I hope to see you again here soon leave me a comment if you enjoyed this video I love talking to you guys I literally read all of my comments and I will see you next time bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @royarellano9021 [23 likes]: You are so beautiful What is your onlyfans?
  2. @KassiLyons: Im so glad i found your channel haha, i feel like I've watched everyone! I'm feeling pretty motivated now. :]
  3. @scarlettfrancesca: Thank you for this video! I am curious if fansly and patreon are also not a good idea to promote on IG? What about if you use a link tree? Does it not matter?
  4. @anissaxtine: 💕💕💕💕
  5. @ranahamoud5459: You can use 4fans to save some money on the side.It is simple, you can create your account, share your link in your Instagram or whatsoever social media accounts, and wait for the results.
  6. @rofaedanagy8844: I am using 4fans for a couple of weeks; I have promoted my page on all my social media accounts. I have made some cash, it is a great app I like it
  7. @Education-xe3xe: talk to god hahahaha
  8. @JB-cg9og: Thanks for this info! You’re inspiring and smart. I literally took notes! Im now researching the best payment platforms. What are the do’s do nots?!
  9. @jadenaomixx: Please can anyone advise on getting a custom URL/link for OF?
  10. @myrahmyrah8214: OF: KyraBlush join me for some fun ;)
  11. @sarahstonins: ooo i was the 1,000th like 🤩 my best friend just started an onlyfans and i’m tempted to start one too (realistically i probably won’t but that won’t stop me from watching these videos)
  12. @Stickyricexo: https://onlyfans.com/stickyricexoxo
OF: stickyricexoxo
  13. @PhiTaboGS: OF: @animeboy92 0 fans 😢🥺
  14. @AnnaG1996: Hey girl, are you open to doing shoutouts? If yes, how much would you charge? ☺️
  15. @AnnaG1996: Hey girl, would you be open to doing a paid shoutout for my onlyfans? And if yes, how much would you charge?
  16. @theawakeningmusic2370: my onlyfans: babybarbie.333
  17. @biancabeverly4979: Thank you
Onlyfans: Tiny_barbie
  18. @kirarcadia: love this thanks u! my OF: arcadiaxo❤️
  19. @thespider-den637: OF: Sexualkombat
  20. @nipha8001: I also made Onlyfans @skylie4skylie

- 5 tips to help u grow your OnlyFans! (Top 4.5% to making $2,000 a week): Kind: captions Language: en Good morning, guys. We are in my car again today because this is my little safe space where I can be loud as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Anyways, we are in my car today. And let me try to scoot back so it's like you can still see me kind of. We're in my car, but we got my phone today. So, um, we are going to be looking at five tips or more to help you grow your Only Fans. Um, anyways, I'm now at the top 4.5% which is great. Anyways, um, but these are like little tips that I do. Um, hopefully it helps you. It's really cold today, so I'm going to try to hurry up with this video because mama's freezing. My mom's freezing. Um, organizing your vault on only Only Fans. So, um, I would say whenever you go to your um, post and stuff like what you have, you can click the little icon that's like your um, profile and underneath it will show like um, profile settings, all this stuff. And then it'll say vault. you click fault and you can go into it and like there's a edit button where you can like edit like what you want to go in these like little categories and stuff. So like you can do like twerking, you know, like different type of videos that you have in your um vault and just organize it so it's like easier to post or it's easier to send to people if like they're kind of confused on like what you post and they're like, "Well, do you have this? Do you have this?" And they're like, "Yeah, let me send it to you." you know, so it helps you just organize that and get that ready for them to see. Anyways, get creative with captions um that help like grab people's attention. So, like one thing I really sucked at or like I I'm not the best at it, but like it's something that I struggle with for a long time is writing a good caption that like grabs people's attention because like if you just say something, they're just going to be like, "Okay, what' you post?" Especially if you have like a um a free page and like everything you post is for a price. Now, if you have a paid page and they already pay the subscription, they're going to see what you have anyways when you post it, unless you send it through like mass DMs and then have them pay for it in like the mass DMs and that pay wall. But, um, I have both accounts. That's been going really good for me actually. And I've been promoting on both. So, I'll like promote on my free page, my paid page, and then on my paid page, I'll promote my free page for the people or viewers that don't have my free page. And it just helps like grow like the community and all that stuff. And it helps like get more people to interact and follow me. And then like I do a lot of live streams on my free one. So that gets a lot of people engaged as well. Literally. So like if you have a video you want to post and like you're trying to come up with a caption for it, I literally suck at doing that. So, it took me a while to like get down to the nitty-gritty and like actually do a lot of research on like, okay, what can I say to grab people's attention because you don't want them just like to look at and be like, "Oh, that doesn't sound very appealing. I'm not going to buy it." You know? So you want to like post some things that's like with a really good caption that like grabs their attention and know like oh this sounds you know obviously what you post don't like lie in it and be like oh yeah this this what happened and obviously it didn't because you're going to get a lot of angry people if you do that and don't do that. So tip number three is um like your own post. So, anything that you post, um, just like it. It'll help your likes go up. But also, for those who don't know what you're about or like haven't seen your page and they go to click that link, at the very top, the first thing that people usually see is like your likes. So, they're going to go to your page and like see how many likes that you have. And obviously, if you have a lot of likes, that helps you like that helps them get the idea of like, okay, like she or he may be really good. Um, and then they'll want to buy either your subscription or subscribe for free and then start buying from you and see what you're about. But that's the number one thing that people mostly see whenever they go to your page is um your likes. And if you have a lot of likes, that's a really good thing. And they want to, you know, subscribe to you, see what you're about, um, all that fun jazz. You know, it's not going to tell anybody that you liked your own post, so you don't have to worry about It's not like Instagram, Twitter, all that. Um, it literally it doesn't tell anybody. It just says like how many likes there is. So, if they see that there's already one like on it, most likely they're going to like it. [Music] Um, now that is tip number three. Tip number four, okay, set a time limit on campaigns. So, what I mean by that is like when you promote every single day, um you can put like there's like a little hourglass on your little um campaigns or whatever. And you can do like you can do like 10 people for um 7 days or 10 people for 3 days or however long you want to do it. You can literally do it up to 30 days and you can do like maybe 50 or 100 people I think. But you can literally just do as many as you want. So like whenever you're posting something um there's a little hourglass obviously. I literally just said that. But um it gives you the option of like when or how long you want it to be posted on there. Like you can do a free trial or you can do um a discounted one. That's what I was looking for is discounted. I was trying to look for it and I didn't know what I was saying. Anyways, you can do a discounted one. Um, you can do like anywhere from like 5% all the way up to literally 100% off, which I normally do like 10% to 30% off for like new subscribers when I'm starting my campaigns or promotions and stuff like that. And then um that just like gets the idea out there and like people are like, "Oh, you know, hers is a low price." Like I really don't charge much a month for mine, which I think that's pretty much a good deal. Um I have a lot of good deals on my stuff too. So, like that's why a lot of people like my stuff and um they really enjoy that because like a lot of these other people that do it too, like they charge out the woo for something that they don't even post good quality on. And at this point, it's more about quality over quantity. So, like if you have a lot of things posted, yeah, cool. But it's more of like the quality of the videos that you're making or like what you're posting, you know? Like I've been doing this for about a year and a half now and I'm like finally getting better at it. But um it took a while for me to like really understand cuz when I first started I had no clue what I was doing. But when I did my research and started going more into it and like diving deep into it and actually going all in on it instead of like halfass doing it, um it really got me a lot of good my hair. That got me a lot of good um outcomes because with hard work comes, you know, better things and hard work literally pays off and it does wonders. So, um, uh, yeah. So, I keep saying so. Anyways, that's what happened. And, um, see, I keep having brain farts. My brain farts today are just crazy. Anyways, that's what happened. And, uh, yeah, I don't I don't know what I'm saying. I really don't. Um, but yeah, hard work pays off. Um, don't worry, you got it. Uh, just keep to it and you'll do a really good job. Um, but just make sure that you have an idea of what your campaign or like promotion that you want to have and then post it and then start promoting from there your campaign so you get more subscribers and stuff. Um, make sure you have a really good bio, too. So, whenever they go and look at your like campaign or whatever you're promoting, they see your bio and they're like, "Okay, well, this is what this person offers, you know." Um, but the way I have it, I have my menu literally posted and pinned to the top of my profile on both my pages, my paid one and my um free one. So, um, that helps a lot of people, too, cuz they can just literally subscribe and then look at my menu and they're like, "Oh, okay. So, this is what I see. This is what she can do." Blah, blah, blah. And then they just chat me or they'll like ask me questions if they have any questions. Anyways, tip number five. 3 hours later, I already did like so many other tips. Um, promote every single day. Let me say it again. Every single day. Use trendy sounds. You can uh wear something cute that will like sell your brand basically. Um, I wear a lot of like V-neck tops because, you know, it's it's out there, if you know what I mean. And I take a lot of cute photos. Um, I post like my photos to like trendy sounds or like I'll post um like short little cute videos or like what they say thirst traps to like these songs and stuff and it gets me a lot of views and it helps promote what I'm trying to put out there in a way that I'm not trying to actually like say what I do because then I'll get banned on these apps and stuff. So, I'm not really trying to say what I do except for Twitter, obviously, because it's a very open platform and Reddit, but um yeah, I'm not trying to say what I do on these because I don't want to risk it, but at the same time, I'm like making these thirst traps or like these videos and stuff and I'm like, okay, well, I'm putting it out there so you know, you can do the extra step and then like look at my Instagram and then click the link if you want do. But on my other accounts, I can't really do that because I don't want to. I have like 43,000 followers on one of my accounts, and I really don't want to I don't want to risk that. So, I can't I'm It took me like since till last year to build all those followers. And it wasn't even just like thirst traps. It was literally like me doing like acting videos, vampire diaries, trendy videos. It was me doing like everything that everybody does basically, just something relatable to fit in. And then that's what got me all my followers. And then recently, well, not recently, back in like 2022, I started doing like a lot of thirst traps. And that's where like most of my followers came from. So yeah, but um I'm very grateful. I'm very grateful for, you know, what it's given me, what um the opportunities I have from it. And I don't I don't regret it. Like I was it the best decision to make? Probably not. But do I regret it? No. Um, I actually have, you know, compassion and like I I I like what I do, if that makes sense. you know, me and my partner do it together, so it's not like I have to like do it with anybody else, but um you know, opportunity is out there and I'm really grateful for what it's given me and like and I can tell you guys, but obviously, you know, if it's something you're thinking about doing, go ahead and do it if you want to. But like I'm not telling you to do it. She's not telling you to do it. the cat, the dog, the fish, they're not telling you to do it. So, I wouldn't pressure you into that if that's something that like you're either overthinking or like you're wanting to do, but like you're afraid of like people judging you for it. Because no matter what, people are going to judge you for whatever you do. That's just the truth. Like, everybody in this world is going to judge you for your hair. They're going to judge you for the way you look. They're going to judge you for the way you walk, you walk down the street. and you don't even do Only Fans, like they're going to judge you no matter what. So, who cares? It's your life. Live it. Like, if it makes you happy, if it pays your bills, if it whatever it does for you, do it. Let it make you happy. It's not their life. It's your life to live. Um, don't don't waste your time thinking, "Oh my gosh, well, this person's going to think about me this way, or I'm going to get, you know, bullied or hate comments for wanting to do this, blah blah blah." Like, who cares? It's it's you. It's your body. It's what you want to do. Don't let a man or woman tell you you're doing a bad job or, you know, cuz at that point, they're just mad because they can't do it themselves. Number one. Number two, they don't have the confidence that you do to do it. So, do not waste your time and let people talk down on you because at the end of the day, only you can look out for you. And that's just me telling you. That is just me telling you. Just don't let that bother you. Don't let that get to you. It's stupid. It really is. Like, you cannot let things like that get to you. Now, if you're not thinking about doing Only Fans and you saw this video, obviously this video is not for you. But if you watched it this long, thank you. I appreciate the views. But um yeah, I'm not telling you to do anything. So do it on your own whim. Do not do it because I told you so. Because I'm not telling you so. I'm just giving you ideas out there that if you're thinking about doing it, sure, you know, go ahead, do it. But if you're not thinking about do it, this video is not for you. And you can just watch it if you're just curious. That's it. That's all I have to say. Anyways, thank you for coming to my TED talk. Um yeah, that's all I have to say really. Um promotion was a big key for me in being successful in making like I think I make like 2K a week now, almost 2K a week now, which is really good. And I'm the top 4.5%. So that's really good. Um before when I first I think my lowest income a month was um 700. So I literally came a long way from making literally $700 a month. I'm not going to say what I make now because it's no one's business. But you know um hard work pays off. Seriously. And if you're thinking about doing it, you need to be dedicated and take it seriously because Only Fans is literally a full-time job. Like all these girls that post it like, "Oh my gosh, you know, I'm going um traveling. I'm doing this. I'm doing that." Like, yes, they are. And it's cool and it's it's fun. Trust me. I just went traveling recently and it was very fun, but you got to realize like you're on your phone 24/7. So like you don't get a break. Like as soon as you wake up you got to promote. You got to pro promote on every single platform that you have and then all day long you got to talk to people. You got to make money. You got to be on your phone. And if you're a type of person that does not like to like be on your phone, then it's not for you. If you're a person that doesn't like social media or getting on social media, but you want to do Only Fans, it's not for you. Unless you just suck it up and you're like, "Okay, I'm just going to bite the bullet and promote every single day, gain my followers." Because believe it or not, where you get all your um fans from is not just from promoting, but it's like your community that you build on Twitter, Tik Tok, Instagram, Reddit, threads, like all those people that follow you on all those platforms will eventually like some of them follow you to Only Fans. And you got to take that seriously by promoting every single day because if you miss one day, the algorithm just messes you up basically. So that's all I have to say. Um, it was a long conversation and I don't know what else to say, but that was my that was my five tips to help you grow your own fans and get you to the top. Maybe 10% if you got it. Seriously, in all seriousness, that was my five tips to help you grow your Only Fans. So, if you like this video, give it a thumbs up. Um, and thank you for watching. I'll be back next week in a different video, probably about something different, crazy, obviously. Um, if you haven't seen my other video, which I I posted, it's um my trip to Texas to see the Vampire Diaries cast. So, I literally I literally lost my mind. They're so sweet. I love all of them. And if they're doing one next year, guess who's going again? Guess who's going again. Anyways, thank you so much for watching. I love you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonicalderon3292 [14 likes]: I need an of bestie like you to stand over my shoulder and tell me what to do 😂
  2. @carleigh9464 [2 likes]: Like your own posts but through an alt!
  3. @MistyMagdalenaGrace [1 likes]: How many hours a week did you work to get to $2000/week????
  4. @niamphdollieofficial [1 likes]: Can you help me with mine..? I need help asap
  5. @gud3742 [1 likes]: This is what happens when you prioritize money over spirit.

OnlyFans is the Devil's honeypot.

What every eager prostitute eventually realizes is that she has a soul.

That's why prostitution is wrong.

How are you prostituting yourself?

Note: I am not making light of prostitution when it is forced or girls have no other options to survive. That is serious and sad. I am making light of girls who don't need to do prostitution but do it because they are too spoiled to do serious work.

Why does spirituality and traditional religion demonize money?
Why do I speak negatively and dismissively about money?
Because money is an improper priority. Money supplants Truth. Once you are driven by money, you have lost all sight of what is Good and Right. Money is like prostitution. It harms your relationship with Yourself. Don't betray Yourself for money. Don't betray the spirit for material. The material must subordinate itself to spirit, otherwise evil reigns. Because spirit is more real than material. Material is derivative of spirit. This is not a matter of morality, it’s a matter of ontology. Spirit is the highest reality. Spirit is the source of all Good.
  6. @Raw_Truth_Live: I love this video
  7. @deniaerives1161: Ive been promoting my paid OF through X/Twitter is that good?
  8. @teenkingzz5825: There is nothing wrong with women (or men) being on OF. It’s wild how people watch free porn, engage in hookups, and have all sorts of kinks, yet love to point fingers the moment sex work is done with CONSENT. It doesn't become 'bad' just because they’re charging for it. Stop moralizing financial independence.
  9. @kikithepupper6774: In 2020 when all those women decided on Onlyfans, I sent my applications to medical school... It's 2026 now and I'm about to graduate and become a medical doctor. I have zero regrets. It's one of the few things I chose right in my life. I only accumulated debts over the years, but now I got something to show for it and will help others as I always wanted to. Some of those onlyfan girls may have struck gold and probably made more than I'd ever would in a short amount of time, but at least I know I'm going to save people with my skill, be stable in my career, and be respected for my hard work... Choose the path that will fullfill you internally, over quick dopamine rush and cash
  10. @Cashmereeeee: Are there other platforms instead of OF?
  11. @suliashavi: Ig is blocking, Facebook is blocking. They want me to pay taxes but noone wants us to earn... sad truth in Europe. Algorithms here are screwed 😢
  12. @xvickyrawx: Ive been doing OF since 2021 and i agree completely
  13. @lettymedellin69: How do you know how much to charge.
  14. @BrenninScott: Im trying to help my gf already has an account trying to promote her account
  15. @AbyssinianGirl: Umm that’s it? Selling your self all for $2000 a week? Disgusting
  16. @chanelflowers8264: Thirst traps 🤔 I’m clueless but need the info
  17. @SunkenButterfly: Love your videos! 🙌 just started a fansly yesterday, nothing posted yet, just about to go through all my SD card materials to figure out what to post?
  18. @531roxy: I'm so confused. So as a beginner is it better to start with a free page or paid page?
  19. @AliEmbree-r9v: It takes work work work n then some ahah
  20. @AliEmbree-r9v: Your so funny

- How Top 1% Creators Actually Make Money on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en The harsh truth about Only Fans earnings is that the average median creator earns somewhere between $150 and $180 per month on the platform. That's it. And the top 1% of creators make over a third of the platform revenue, while most are hustling super hard for minimum returns. If you are frustrated with your earnings, you are not alone, and this video is for you. We're going to cover why fan sites are a tough business model, how to make your content work smarter and not harder, and specific strategies to boost your income on platforms like Only Fans, Fansly, Venentro, and more. So, first off, why are subscription platforms so tough for creators? Well, they're overcrowded. It is a saturated market with millions of creators and limited fan budgets. Standing out is hard and you have to consider that earnings are uneven. A small fraction of creators make majority of the money, leaving most earning below minimum wage for the actual time they spent making content. Then there's the fact that there's no built-in audience on platforms like this. the platforms themselves don't promote you and you have to have a big enough following and bring your fan base to the platform itself. Then you need to consider that it's a high churn kind of business. Fans often subscribe for like one month or another and then disappear which means bringing fans to your platform is constant work. And there's other verticals in the adult industry. There's production shoots, there's camming, there's phone sex operation, clip sites and more. and a lot of them with more immediate income and less ongoing maintenance. So, you have to really consider the business model you want to be in an adult because they're not all created equal. So, first things first, shift your mindset. Start to think about content as a digital asset. Every photo you create can keep making you money. Every clip the same thing. So, here's how we do this. First, you're going to want to recycle your content. what's old to you is very new to a new subscriber. Then you can consider creating bundles or cross-selling things. So package similar content together and sell it as a themed bundle. Maybe this is your JOI bundle or your dom bundle. Then consider multiplatform sales. You can sell that same content across multiple sites to earn money in a lot more ways. Last, there is this idea of promotional repurposing. So, splicing up your content for social media teasers to bring in new fans. This is how you fill the top of that funnel we're always talking about. Then, last long-term strategy. You can always license or bulk sell your content as a part of your retirement or exit strategy from adults. You can sell your library of content or license it to make money off of it either once in a bulk sale or recurring revenue for the rest of your life. I want you to really consider this idea of thinking about your content as a digital asset. Think of it like a piece of real estate, even something that you can own that you can make money on every single month, like a rental property. And the more rental properties you have, the more passive income you can stand to make. This is the difference and the philosophy I want you to take away from this video. Because the fancy business model is not for the faint of heart. It's a really difficult nugget to crack, but if you are committed to it and if this is where you want to be, here are some tips to help. Driving traffic like a marketer is key. You want to be promoting yourself on Twitter or X, on Reddit, on Tik Tok, on Instagram, on Clapper, on Telegram groups. Literally anywhere you can, you should be. You want to use link in bio tools or landing page platforms to link out safely from social platforms. You want to collaborate with other creators so that you can cross-pollinate your audiences. And the real kicker, you have to stay consistent. If you are a creator, creating is a key part of your job. Now, to level up your content strategy, you should definitely consider building out a niche and a unique style. You want to build a brand to last long term. Then, you need to have a consistent posting schedule. Fans need to know when they can expect your next photo, live stream, video, audio clip, etc. And as always, your fans are your customers. So listen to their feedback. Take it into consideration and then execute on it. If that's what they want, that's what they'll buy. Now, you want to reward those fans with perks and loyalty and exclusive things. You want to engage with them. You want them to feel connected to you. And hosting live streams and events really help rebuild or build that connection to start with. Now, you can also run promos and subscription offers and sales. You'll see a lot of creators doing that. But the real substance to being successful is using PPV DMs, locked PPVs, and messages that will make up majority of your revenue. You want to do those bundles or giveaways even that we talked about. And then you want to upsell. You want to either upsell off of prepage to a subscription page or you want to upsell content on your feed by having it there locked available for unlock. And the biggest thing I want you to consider is making sure you're tracking how your content performs. If you don't know what kind of content performs best on your fan site, you don't know what to make more of. Most creators really benefit from being on more than just one platform. Just don't spread yourself too thin and especially not too fast. Focus on one or two platforms, a home platform and then a backup platform. and then just mirror or cascade your content to all the rest when you have that capacity. Making only fans or a fan site worth it means you have to treat it like a business. You have to market yourself, repurpose your content, retain your fans, and diversify your income streams. It's honestly a huge grind, but with the right systems or at least knowing what you're getting yourself into and then pursuing it on a long enough time horizon, you can make it work. I'm a top 1% creator and Only Fans has been pivotal in my career, but it's also not where I got my start. I spent eight years in live cams building an audience and a following that I could then bring to my fan site platform. So, consider that when you're wondering, hey, I've been at this three or six or, you know, 9 months and it still isn't popping off for me. Well, you probably just haven't done it long enough. So the the creators out there that are really succeeding, they have a huge audience already. They have people who have bought into who they are and the kind of stuff that they make. And that's going to take you a lot of time to develop if you don't have that going for you. If this video helped you watching it, hit that like and subscribe button. then please consider turning on that bell notification so that you never miss anything we put out because we drop real actionable content and courses for adult creators and entrepreneurs on this channel every single week. And pro tip because you deserve it if you've stayed watching the video for this long. If you want to save a lot of time and earn more money on your fan site, check out gpts.ai. It's like Chat GBT, but it's built specifically for adult content creators. It's going to help you write your captions, come up with content ideas, texting sequences, or spicy video scripts, and just so much more, whatever you can think of. It's basically your cheat code to fan site success. And it's completely free to use at its most basic level, and the link to it is in the description of this video. Thank you so much for watching, CEO Squad, and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VinceroAlpha [7 likes]: This is definitely been eye-opening and educational. Nice work.
  2. @henryfernandezphd [6 likes]: How many fans did you start with in your first year of being a Creator?
  3. @littleapplepilatesco.3448 [3 likes]: Hey girl this was the re motivation I needed! I get overwhelmed with making the choices of what to say and responding. Excited to use AI to help
  4. @marycatherinehayesintennes1956 [2 likes]: Great Content!
  5. @james.b_762 [1 likes]: She is fucking beautiful. 💯👋
  6. @thewellnesssworker [1 likes]: thank you 🫶
  7. @zahirmillard8205: Imagine watching this video as  your last line of hope lmaoo. I mean, if I wasted my youth staying home and being a virgin I'd probably be taking notes from a 35yr old onlyfans childless, ringless "content creator" too. At this point, your hope at your age is to be someones new wife after a divorce with step kids.
  8. @ChandanRaj0007: thats y alwaya diverify insta,fb , tik threads etc.....yes audience is main :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape: first to crack is views followers
  9. @SexCoachHeather: I also find that it’s normal to have an up and down business when it comes to the adult space. The key is to stay consistent no matter what with marketing and engagement with paying fans. ❤❤❤

- The ONLY Way to Stay Anonymous.: Kind: captions Language: en They know more about you than your best friend. Every search, every DM, every late night video binge, it's all sold, traded, and profited on. And here's the problem. If you don't take back control, you're not just being watched, you're being owned. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to stop being digital prey. From ditching the spyware you call a browser to using burner identities like a ghost to cutting out trackers that know what you'll do before you even do it. And at the end, I'm giving you something I built that makes all of this a thousand times easier. So, let's get started. Step one, decentralize everything. One email and one password for all your accounts is suicide. That's like locking your entire life in a cardboard box and hoping nobody breaks in. Get multiple emails. Use a password manager that's offline like KeyPass XC or GNU Pass. Forget online sync unless you're signing up through tour with a burner email. Permanent accounts go on Proton Mail, Tutonita or Mail Fence, and always always create them over tour with a fresh identity. Burner accounts like temp mail or guerilla mail are for disposable signups, coupons, or sites you don't care about. Step two, build a threat model. Ask yourself who you're really defending against. Shady advertisers, easy. Governments, that's a whole different game. Biometrics are poison. Fingerprints, face scans, iris scans, they can be forced out of you. Passwords and hardware keys like Ubi keys are freedom. Just know that if you destroy a hardware key, you lock yourself out of everything that depends on it. Step three, communications. Never use SMS. It's unencrypted, completely exposed, a postcard everyone can read. Signal works for normies. It's easy, encrypted, and even supports calls, but it's centralized. So someday it could get compromised. Hardcore go federated like Element or peer-to-peer like Brier or Yummy. End toend encryption is your friend. Step four, browser hygiene. Chrome is spyware with a logo. Don't touch it. GNU IceCat is private but breaks JavaScript heavy sites like YouTube. Workaround. Use MPV with YouTube DL to stream videos straight in your terminal. Skip age restrictions. Skip tracking. Stream lightweight. Prefer usability? Firefox. Harden it. Delete cookies. Disable autofill. Kill history logging. Drop a hardened user.js like gaxes and add Ublock original in advanced mode. decentralized to block CDN tracking. Search engines, forget Google and Bing. Duck.go is okay. Start pages cleaner. Circs is the open- source dream. Step five, separate profiles like a pro. One for anonymous browsing. One for signed in accounts. One for hacking experiments. Keeps accounts unlin. Keeps trackers blind. Keeps your life private. VPNs hide you from your ISP, but don't make you anonymous. Mulvad is your best bet. No logs, cash payments, tour signup. Never mix real IP accounts with VPN accounts. One slip and all your identity chains are connected. Tour is real anonymity, but disable JavaScript. Never log into accounts tied to your personal info and don't cross streams. One Gmail login over Tour and your cover is blown. More Tour users equals better anonymity. Spread it. Use it. Normalize it. Finally, kill the toxic platforms. Google, Facebook, Twitter. They're not services. They're trackers dressed as social networks. Burner accounts exist, but that's a full guide by itself. Bottom line, if you want real privacy, decentralize, use offline password managers, adopt burner emails, drop biometrics, encrypt communications, harden browsers, block trackers, separate VPN profiles, respect tours limits, and avoid platforms built on surveillance capitalism. It's harder, slower, and less convenient, but it's the only way to avoid being prey. Now, here's where I step in with a tool that actually helps. I built three fully configured Firefox profiles. One hardcore privacy profile with everything locked down, scripts, and extensions ready to go. One everyday profile that's still private but functional for normal browsing. And a hacking research profile preloaded with all the scripts, configs, and extensions you need to poke, test, and explore safely. No setup, no guessing, no breaking sites. Nobody else is giving this away. You can only get it inside Cyberflow's Academy. But that's honestly just the beginning. See, finding vulnerabilities is only half the battle. The real money comes from knowing how to turn those skills into serious income. And that's exactly what we teach inside. Our members aren't just finding bugs, they're cashing out big. Just last month, one of our guys pulled $12,000 from a single critical he found using advanced techniques we teach in the academy. We're talking about people who invested a less than $30 and made it back 20x over in their first quarter. Because here's what nobody tells you. The technical skills are just the entry fee. The real money comes from knowing which programs pay fast, how to write reports that get maximum payouts, building relationships with security teams, and scaling your workflow so you're not trading time for money anymore. We teach you the business side that everyone else ignores. And since you made it this far, I'm hooking you up with 50% off using code cyber 50, but this expires in 24 hours because I can't keep this price forever. First link in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BJMGaming-777 [4700 likes]: Just Quit the internet and start living in a cave
  2. @BrowserLab: Totally agree with you on SMS being the worst for communication—I've had multiple accounts compromised because of SIM swapping. Do you have a recommendation for the most secure 2FA method? I've been debating between authenticator apps and hardware keys.
  3. @gdshd-n9h: use Tor+VPN
  4. @Bear-Tholomew: How you star a youtube channel and stay anonymous?
  5. @ilkimcanım: was that eternal sugar cookie
  6. @Trillion_Drives: In reality U are just increasing time and cost to track u u are not becoming invisible
  7. @random-dude1119: Thanks, that's a simple setup :)
  8. @spazon-y8d: easiest way: tails os, learn how to route tor networks to completely erase yourself from servers, proton mail, never save apps that you dont need, always use burner account, use TOR browser ONLY., every search made delete it trough the terminal w/ bash (thats how you truly delete it), learna  bit of networking (will be useful) all this to actually automonous
  9. @Stuck--Lost--Fallen--Misery: proton gave to the FBI dont use it
  10. @TechBuddy-y8o: Brave??
  11. @kaiserzico: i use multiple browsers for multiple functions
  12. @dimcx5011: The only way to stay Anonymous is to be offline.
  13. @leehoholia: ¡Me pareció súper interesante lo que mencionaste sobre los correos quemadores! Yo suelo usarlos para registrarme en sitios poco confiables, pero no sabía mucho de los proveedores de correo encriptado. ¿Podrías recomendar alguno que sea confiable para empezar?
  14. @stephaniemcclure897: Before i watch the video heresmy guesses. Tor, whonix, TorSocks,  discarding discord for something else, using browsers like tor browser and brave, and the stereo typical your passwords suck and you should containerize everything into seperate emails, accounts, LIVES
  15. @Marc1-s4m: No digital commerce and they'll leave you alone.
  16. @leehoholia: ¡Qué interesante el punto sobre por qué las biométricas no son tan seguras! Nunca había considerado que mis datos pueden almacenarse en servidores que podrían ser hackeados. Por cierto, ¿qué opinas sobre usar llaves de seguridad físicas como alternativa? ¿Realmente son tan confiables?
  17. @kakosv-k8q: E.U. Should protect individuals on the internet before it's too late...
  18. @someoneelse131: Then he's using windows. Opinion dismissed
  19. @ShadowPhoenix-o7c: What's your view on tails os
  20. @Izumi-i7s2r: n now Google Gon track every user who watched this video

- how to be invisible online: Kind: captions Language: en So, you want to be untraceable online, completely invisible, a digital ghost, no small feat to accomplish. Maybe you watched Mr. Robot once and now you're ready to outwit the NSA, the FBI, and every bored data broker with a Wi-Fi connection. Well, buckle up because the only foolproof way to be 100% untraceable is to do exactly what this wise Redditor suggested. Turn off your computer and go outside. Of course, that kind of defeats the purpose, doesn't it? We like being online. We just don't like being tracked, profiled, and watched like a hawk. So, today, let's talk about what being untraceable really means, and whether you can actually pull it off, especially here in the good old United States of Surveillance. Spoiler, completely untraceable? Probably not. But difficult to trace? All right, that, my friends, is a game that we can play. And play it we shall. First, what does untraceable even mean? Are we asking for some mythical spell? When people say untraceable, they usually mean that nothing that they do online can be traced back to them and their real identity. No breadcrumbs, no data crumbs, nada. In an ideal scenario, you're a ghost. You post, you browse, you lurk, my favorite, and no one, not your ISP, not Google, not even the NSA's top secret Utah database, can figure out who, what, or where you are. Excuse me. It's ma'am. It is ma'am. Ma'am, once again, ma'am. This here is the NSA's Utah data center. It's a giant fortress in the Utah desert that allegedly allegedly stores unimaginable amounts of intercepted data. Yes, your tax dollars paid for a $ 1.5 billion facility to collect all the things. Being untraceable means that even facilities like these come up blank when they look for you. Ambitious, isn't it? Now, to be clear, there's a difference between privacy and anonymity. If you just want to keep your stuff private, then you want to control who has access to your data. Anonymity is just outright hiding who you are, like me. But keep in mind that whatever your end goal here is, if you're trying to hide from advertisers and nosy companies, or if you're trying to dodge the CIA, the FBI, the NSA, the PTA, and every other three-letter agency, the steps are going to differ a lot depending on who's after you. Hopefully, no one's after you. No one's after me, right? If you're just sick of personalized ads tracking your shoe size, relax. You don't need to launch yourself into full fugitive mode. But if you're aiming to be a internet ninja that even the NSA can't catch, well, in the US, that's like trying to win a game against someone with a thermal drone and a pack of blood hounds. In other words, it's tough. Fun fact, in leaked rules for the Xkey score program, the NSA literally flags people who just visit privacy websites, like you searched for tour or read about Linux and boom, you're marked as an extremist. All for being curious about privacy. So in the US, if you try too hard to be anonymous, you ironically stick out even more. It's the old wear a mask in a bank problem. Sure, it hides your face, but now everyone's watching the guy in a mask. Speaking of which, is the NSA watching me now? More H. All right. What kind of security solutions are available? So, let's say you're undeterred by everything I just said. You're going full Batman Gotham mode. No pair, no traces. What do you do? Well, you use a layered approach because there's no single magic tool that makes you invisible. Think of it kind of like an onion. We love onion analogies. Multiple layers of protection. It all comes full circle back to onions. I swear cyber security, it's just an onion. So, hardware and network hygiene. Your device itself can give you away. Ideally, use a burner device. There's a reason they throw these in movies. Something bought with cash or crypto if you can manage that. Not linked to you. Maybe a laptop from a pawn shop or a cheap phone from a gas station. Paid in green paper. No receipts. And if you get a receipt, burn it. Because if your laptop's serial number or your phone's IMEI is tied to you in any way, that's a direct trace. Next, your MAC address. That's a unique ID. Your Wi-Fi chip broadcasts to routers. By default, it's shouting, "Hey, look, it's John's MacBook." every time you connect, so it's best to randomize it. Now, modern operating systems have tools or settings where you can randomize or rotate your MAC address periodically. Now, it won't stop a nation state actor, but it stops the coffee shop Wi-Fi from recognizing your device ID. Also, pro tip, don't name your device John Doe's iPhone or Susan's PC. Yes, people do that. Rename it to something generic or just gibberish. Every little bit helps. If an investigator sees logs of a device named FBI surveillance car number four, actually that might be pretty funny, but you get my point. If you can consider a dedicated router or a special gadget that forces all your traffic through an immity networks by default, there are projects like the tour routers you can build on a Raspberry Pi called a tour box that will funnel everything through tour. That way, even your toaster and your fridge are accidentally anonymous because who knows, your fridge might be telling the NSA who you are. Now, outside of hardware, let's talk about operating systems. Running Windows 11 with your named user account while trying to remain untraceable is like if I wore a name tag right now saying my full name. What would be the point of wearing the mask? Instead, you want a privacy focused operating system, something like Tails or Hunix. Hunenix is a Linux-based operating system specifically designed for anonymity. It actually runs as two virtual machines. One routes all your network traffic through tour and the other is where you do your stuff. The workstation only talks to the internet through the tour gateway. This setup means that even if you screw up and some app tries to reveal your IP, it can't because by default it's trapped behind a tour wall. And Hunix comes with a lot of privacy tools right out the box for browser safe defaults stuff like that. Now Tails is another option. It's a live operating system that you boot off of a USB stick. Forces all traffic over to as well. And when you shut it down, it leaves no traces on the host machine. Basically, it's like Mission Impossible, but with a self-destructing operating system. No logs left behind. It's a very nice. Now, a seasoned privacy guru will tell you that even operating systems can only go so far. They help a lot, but if you misconfigure something or reveal info in other ways, the jig is up. Still, if you're trying to be a ghost, using a purpose-built operating system is kind of a no-brainer. Your IP address is one of the biggest breadcrumbs. It's like your house address on the internet. If you use your home IP, it's game over immediately. That's tied to your ISP account and by extension you. So, you need to mask your IP. Get it? So, what are your options? VPNs, tour, and proxies or even chaining them together. VPNs. Most of you know about this one. It routes your traffic through a server run by a VPN provider. The website see the VPN's IP, not yours. But here's the catch. You're basically handing all your internet traffic over to the VPN provider, so you better trust them. Most good VPNs will claim the no logs policy, which means that they swear that they don't record what you do. But we have to take their word for it. And some have been caught lying. And also, pro tip, I didn't know about this until I looked it up. If a VPN is headquartered in a country that's a part of the Five Eyes, sounds like a Naruto reference, I know. The Five Eyes Intelligence Alliance, the US, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, or other surveillanceheavy jurisdictions. Think twice about that VPN. Law enforcement and intelligence can compel companies in these countries to hand over data or even start logging. For instance, the NSA and its buddies have legal authority to force force even no logVPNs to cough up info. On the other hand, some VPN providers have proven their no log policy in court, and I'm not going to name Jordan specifically, but a certainish VPN, that was my attempt at a Swedish accent, was raided by the police and they had to leave because they straight up had nothing. It was gone. Look for VPNs like that. So, if you go the VPN route, pick a provider known for privacy and ideally in a privacyfriendly place. Switzerland, anyone? Make sure that you pay anonymously. Don't just use your credit card. Most good VPNs these days will take gift cards or crypto. And don't use your personal email to register. Common sense, folks. That way, your account isn't obviously linked to you. Tour. This is the big one. Tour is a free network that bounces your traffic through multiple volunteerrun nodes, servers all over the world. Like taking a very convoluted route to a website. Connection goes through, say, three nodes, each encrypted in layers, hence the onion name. The entry node knows you. The exit node knows what site you're accessing but not who you are. No single node knows the whole chain. It's pretty freaking awesome. And it gives strong anonymity at the cost of speed. Tour is slow compared to the normal internet. You're certainly not going to be gaming on that or streaming 4K through tour. Forget about it. But for web browsing, chatting or accessing onion sites, it's the gold standard for anonymity. And the tour browser is what most people use. But in some countries, tour is outright blocked or even illegal. We see China and Russia. Thankfully, in the US, tour is legal. Just maybe don't brag about it on Facebook with your real name. For maximum security, the hardcore folks will combine VPNs and tour and proxies in various orders like connect to a VPN, then launch tour browser, so even your ISP only sees VPN traffic, but can't see what you do on tour. There are also fancy setups like running tour inside of a VPN inside of another VPN. At some point, the chain might get ridiculous and very slow, but it can add resistance against cyber attacks and tracking. Just be careful, though, because combining tools can sometimes backfire if you do it wrong. Example, misconfigured VPNs could leak your IP while you thought you were hidden. But first, a word from our sponsor, Floppy Data. Are you facing IP bans? Are you managing multiple accounts and getting flagged because they're all coming from your lonely single home or business IP address? Floppy Data has you covered. with over 195 plus countries and millions of clean IPs. Emphasis on the clean. Problem with alternative methods of routing your traffic to a different IP address is speed. Example, the tour browser. Yeah, it routes all your traffic through a tour node to hide your activity, but at the cost of your sanity. With web pages taking minutes to load, ain't nobody got time for that. Whether you're trying to run a web scraper for whatever reason, to each their own, trying to access geolock stuff without any of the fluff that comes with other services, or you just want to browse stuff anonymously, Floppy Data has you covered with one of the most affordable and reliable proxies available. Residential, mobile, or data center options, static IPs, dynamic IPs, they've got what you need. And with pricing that starts at 90 cents a gig, if you're looking for a proxy, look no further than Floppy Data. And if you're interested in checking it out, link is down below. Now, there is a thing called browser and app compartmentalization. Try saying that three times fast. Imagine you've got an anonymous operating system running on a burner laptop behind a VPN and tour. You're practically a secret agent now, but you open up a browser and you log into a personal Gmail or Facebook account. You just linked back to your real identity. Opsac fail. OBSE is a huge part of all this. You must compartmentalize your online activities. Separate the persona that's anonymous from the one that's you in real life. This means no logging into personal accounts on your ghost setup. Create new email accounts, preferably with something like Proton Mail or Tuta, formerly known as Tutonota, that does not require your real info. Use encrypted messaging like Signal for communications. I use Signal personally. And again, use a new phone number for setups like that or a secondary phone that's not actually your real cell phone number. For each anonymous persona that you operate, use unique usernames and passwords that you've never used before anywhere else and even consider your writing style if you want to be extra careful. Believe it or not, this was news to me as well at some point. People can be identified by how they write called styometry. You always spell a certain word wrong or say something like okie dokie. That could link your alias back to you. Neat, huh? Some experts say that to truly be able to do a different persona, you practically need to have a split personality disorder, like me. They were joking, I think. But but the point stands. You need to mentally separate yourself from your real life and your anonymous life. No crossover. That means if your real name is John and you love posting about football on your personal Twitter, your anonymous handle should not be ranting about the same game with the same writing style on the same forum. You'd be surprised by how little it takes for investigators to connect the dots. Here's a cool new modern approach. Use browser isolation or cloud containers for extra safety. Instead of browsing directly from your home machine, you can spin up a temporary web browser in the cloud. Tools like Chasm Workspaces can provide a disposable browser on a remote server. Think of it like a throwaway desktop in the cloud. You can do all your sketchy or privacy conscious browsing there. If any malware tries to infect you, it infects the container and not the machine. And when you're done, destroy the container. Poof, all gone. Now, the remote server IP is what gets seen by websites and not yours. Similarly, you can rent out a cheap virtual private network under an alias and use it as a relay or for browsing. Essentially, it's like your own personal VPN node that you control. Just be cognizant that paying for a VPS service usually leaves a trail. Again, try using crypto or gift cards and register with an email alias. The usual stuff. Encryption everywhere. Encrypt all the things. Make sure that all your communication is encrypted. Use HTTPS only, which is a standard now for websites anyways. Use end-to-end encrypted chat, Signal, WhatsApp, and make sure you make note of what's tied to a phone number like WhatsApp or truly anonymous chat, perhaps something like session, which is a fork of Signal that can work without phone numbers or XMPPP with OMO. If you're emailing, use PGP or a service that does automatic end-to-end encryption like Proton Mail. That way, if even someone intercepts your message, all they get is cipher text that they can't read. But also mind your metadata. Even if content is encrypted, who you talk to, when and how long gets leaked. A former CIA NSA director famously said, "We kill people based on metadata." He meant in counterterrorism, of course, but it highlights that metadata can reveal almost anything about your habits and your relationships without even having to see the message. So try to minimize metadata. Use tor win messaging. Send messages at random intervals, not Monday at 8 a.m. on the clock. This is spy level stuff, so decide for yourself how far down the rabbit hole you need to go. But in the end of it all, it always comes back to behaviors. Even the strongest privacy setup can be defeated by one oopsy daisy, like using your secure alias account from your home Wi-Fi just once or mentioning your hometown in an anonymous forums post. OBPS is a lifestyle, not a one-time install. It requires constant vigilance. Think of all the high-profile hackers and black market operators who got caught almost always. It wasn't their encryption that was failing. It was human error. Boy, ain't that the truth with cyber security. For example, the founder of the Silk Road marketplace, Russ Ulich, went to extreme lengths to hide his online drug empire through tour. Yet he got caught because he reused an online username from an old forum and even posted his personal email in the early days of Silk Road. One tiny lapse and it gives investigators enough of a lead to piece things together until the whole thing is unraveled and boom goes the dynamite. And you will make mistakes. Being anonymous is hard. As one online commenter put it, "You'll spend years working towards the goal, make plenty of mistakes you might not even realize it, yet so good to the point that the CIA or the NSA could hire you. If they never give you a call, maybe you succeeded, and if they do knock at your door, well, point proven. Being completely untraceable was a tad bit unrealistic." By now, you might be thinking, "Gesh, this sounds like a full-time job. Bingo." Achieving near anonymity is a part-time job at minimum and a full-on lifestyle at the most. For an average person, it's probably overkill to do everything. But there's good news. You don't have to be 100% untraceable to greatly improve your privacy and your security. Just doing a few things like VPN or tour or proxy for sensitive browsing, using encrypted communication methods, disabling invasive trackers, stuff like that will put you miles ahead of the average internet user. The goal is to ultimately reduce your digital footprint, make tracking hard, and protect yourselves from the easy grabs of data out there, and our data is getting leaked a lot. You may not have to evade a determined national intelligence agency, but you can absolutely evade script kitty hackers, nosy co-workers, or data- hungry corporations. And if I may be frank, that covers 99% of threats that people actually face. In the US, we do have an uphill battle with surveillance. The legal framework often favors law enforcement or intel agencies over personal privacy. The Patriot Act of 2001, for example, authorized unprecedented spying on Americans. And folks worldwide, even though some parts of it did expire, the surveillance infrastructure it built still exists. Companies too track the hell out of us, building profiles from our search queries, purchases, Facebook likes, social media interactions. But luckily, public awareness and the demand for privacy is growing. Encryption is more mainstream now. VPNs are advertised everywhere. I'm guilty of that one. There's a push for privacy laws. And if you're aiming to work in cyber security, tinkering with these anonymity tools is actually a great way to learn. You'll understand how networks and systems actually work. And you'll develop a security mindset, or as I like to call it, an overly anxious, paranoid mindset. Setting up Hunix, practicing OPSEC, using tour. That's hands-on experience that employers will value and at the very least will show that you're passionate about the field. Just maybe don't tell your job interviewer that you spent your weekends trying to be untraceable because you're hiding from the NSA unless you phrase it very carefully. So, is it possible to be completely untraceable in the United States? The honest answer, effectively untraceable, maybe if you're extremely disciplined, lucky, and you only face moderate adversaries. Completely untraceable against a US government investigation. Probably not with the current tech. And there's an old saying, the only true secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete, and sealed in a leadlined room with armed guards. And even then, I have my doubts. Now, instead of chasing perfection, aim for progress. Use the tools as practices at your disposal to reduce your traceability. Be aware of the information that you give out publicly and freely, and prove the privacy where you can. Think of it kind of like healthy eating. You might not become a chiseled Olympian, but every cheeseburger that you don't eat helps. In the same way, every bit of data that you don't give out to marketers and spies is a win for you and frankly a win for society. The more average people that use encryption and privacy tools, the harder it is for mass surveillance to target everyone. So go forth, my privacy padawans, with realistic expectations in hand. You probably won't vanish like a puff of smoke in the digital world, but you can become a lot harder to follow. And in a world where everyone's info is up for grabs, that's something to be proud of. But don't do anything too illegal out there. I don't need the FBI knocking down my door. Whichever FBI or NSA agent is assigned my file right now. This is all for purely educational purposes. How does it feel you treat me like you do when you

  Top Comments:
  1. @madhatistaken [52 likes]: 👇 My recommendations 👇

✅ 30% OFF with promo-code FLYT30 on the best proxy service – FloppyData: https://bit.ly/floppydata_mad-hat

✅ 20% OFF with promo-code YTGL20 on the top multi-accounting browser – GoLogin: https://bit.ly/gologin_mad-hat

These are the tools I trust—check them out! ❤

Get out there and be UNTRACEABLE! 💚💚💚
  2. @dragonballjiujitsu [1 likes]: The short answer is NO. You cannot be invisible online. You can make yourself a slightly less appealing target for hackers and script kiddies but if a 3 letter agency is after you toss the computer and the phone and live in the woods. You are likely still fucked.

Its a balance between convenience and security. Most LE and hackers can go 7 proxies deep. Also running any extra security software or services will automatically make you stand out on their radar. There are some basic thing you can do to be safer but going to the extreme is generally not a good idea.
  3. @Legend-yt134: in my country is easy to be maximum  privacy  but im 
 pen tester sice i have paranoia
  4. @JNET_Reloaded: no nsa will see you download all that stuff and you get on the watch list! do it from a system and network with no accounts associated with you to then have a small chance of actually being untraceable (maybe) if your lcuky!
  5. @bradleypittser7113: Thank you... im savvy just boring ...never thought about being DL
  6. @bradleypittser7113: Sweet homegirl of mine, not tech savvy and preoccupied with medical, got hacked trying to find and easy setup to cover all bases that's k.i.s.s. keep it simple stupid 😊
  7. @silentdissent: Probably got flagged for watching this video
  8. @UnknownZYX_4085: How to be invisible online? Be invisible Irl.
  9. @arkgaharandan5881: obviously tor is legal in the us and illegal in russia and china since its run by the american government, also israel has bought alot of vpns, so check that before you get one.
  10. @knotyourhandle: 😂😂 love this 😂😂 I dont know where someone is at BUT since I know theyre going to read this.... TMI on a public forum A-hole 👍
  11. @WusifjdijdFiwosjfdiks-u1s: that is very easy,if u live in China, u should use USA's services. if u live in USA, u should use China's services. Because FBI c't arrest u in China, and China's Policemen c't arrest u in USA.
  12. @eggsaguter: would el mencho use this advice
  13. @BrowserLab: Great breakdown on staying anonymous online! I’ve been using proxies for a while, but I didn’t realize how much difference a solid multi-account browser can make for managing identities. Do you think it’s worth combining that with a VPN, or is it overkill?
  14. @EzSqweezy: This  vid is a psy op by the FBI to catch 12 year olds who don't want their mom seeing their search history
  15. @MymySchoppenboerr: i disliked the second i realised this is just us defaultism
  16. @meneedhelp-x: pakistan mentioned(PTA) RAHHHHHHH 🐐2:12
  17. @HimothyStoffer: That is very very funny cus i have seen fbi survailance van in alaska a while back
  18. @SpearmintRevolt: I just want to stop ad and marketing companies from selling my data and profiling me. Pick your battles people. Now, if you are a criminal, I have no advice for you. You can only go so long before you are caught. Seems to be a matter of not if but when. Good luck evading three letter agencies because they probably know who you are and are just waiting for a bigger fish to catch that you are associating with. All the best!
  19. @justmeeagainn: None of this is realistic for the average person.
  20. @JustMe-Steezy: Switzerland=ProtonVPN which is kinda free, I don’t pay for it but it does mask my ip and stuff

- Staying Safe & Anonymous Online As a Spicy Creator: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey hey and good morning y'all or at least it is morning for me which is miserable I am usually asleep till minimum like 11:30 in the morning it was much earlier than 11:30 but I was up all night kind of working on a resource because lately we've seen more and more and more reports coming from creators saying that they're being doxed they're being threatened they're being stocked blackmailed you name it so the creators spicy tea team and the fetish buyers Community team we all wanted to come together and get out this Resource as fast as we could figured what we could do today is sit down together and talk some tips on how to help stay anonymous online staying anonymous online I mean as we know there's so much we can do but there's only so much we can do coming next week I'm going to actually share my story my personal story of how I was blackmailed and doxed and you name it and I'm going to share every single thing I did wrong so that hopefully you can avoid those if this ever happens to you but let's look at some of the steps we can take to try and prevent that from ever happening I have my uh trusty notes here because there's a lot of points to hit that are very important and I don't want to miss any all right so the first thing we can do is when we are creating our content there are a lot of steps we can take to help hide our identity if you're faceless and all that makeup can go a long way right we've all seen those Tik toks where you see someone and then 2 seconds later and at least 40 to70 worth of product later they are a different person makeup can do amazing things wigs can help in that too here's the thing our line of work is a little active and makeup can rub off and wigs can fall off it's not necessarily an infallible option when it comes to fully disguising your face honestly our best option is either very creative camera angles that will block your face out just cut it out of the frame entirely or a fully obstructive mask of some sort and there are some beautiful masks out there that is not a terrible option so those are your best options there for disguising your face speaking also of makeup if you have tattoos if you have identifying birth marks that you need to cover full coverage concealer can go such a long way but again that can rub off so we still have those tattoos we have those birth marks that we don't want people to see I'm covered in tattoos but as a face forward Creator I kind of I'm taking that risk not everybody is comfortable with that so for everything you can't hide with clothes or concealer or props we have post we have retouching we have Photoshop we have ai generative removal at least that is what I use on Lightroom I get rid of blemishes with it I get rid of any identifying info that's kind of just hanging around and Lightroom is great for photo editing when it comes to video editing it's not the best so what I tend to use for video editing is and y'all I'm I'm throwing up a Hail Mary help me here so what I use is Cap Cut Pro right and I do the overlay or the sticker feature where I plop in a sticker over whatever I'm trying to censor it's rudimentary yes but it works it works it takes a lot of work and the tracking feature for it it's not great it's not great so here's my Hail Mary to y'all in the comments please whatever you use to either blur your image in videos or your tattoos in videos or you use to censor because I censor my trailers so it's not just my nude body in my trailers on like many vids and all that so whatever yall use share help a girl out please please please actually help a lot of people out because I know that's something a lot of people are looking for is a great video editor that we can use to help hide and protect our identities we covered hiding our face a little bit we covered hiding our birth marks and our tattoos a little bit the things on your body are not the only things that can be used to identify you right so we also have every single thing in the background of all of our images and all of our videos so what I do because I do all my Accounting in my studio I do all my filming in my studio I do all my bookkeeping record keeping you name it so there are documents everywhere and all all those identifying things so before I turn my camera on to stream for a cam or fully start hitting that record button or hitting the shoot button look in your background like just take a second and just like scan your background move back and forth right just just get a really good look assume you are going to be moving around a lot so you need to make sure your full background is just safe and clear are there family photos in your background phot is your children is there college or high school or your Town's memorabilia can you see a road sign out your window if you are in public just taking candid shots can you see road signs there can you see license plates right all of those seemingly harmless little things those are breadcrumbs we don't need to leave breadcrumbs we do not need to help them find us so check your background right now let's say you're maybe in a space that you can't clear out your background okay there's options right so for me in photos I use Lightroom it has a blur feature where it will use AI to pick out the foreground blur the background it also has a masking feature where you can do more precise work for videos again cap cut has a filter on Pro called focus called Focus it's not the best it's not it turns everything a bit more of a cool tone as well um y'all I'm just saying hit me with your video editors that have ai background blurring please and the um image tracking for censoring hit me if you got it please please please we are all begging but that Lightroom blur and masking helps a lot what I do for my backgrounds is on my aunt I don't know if you heard that that is my dog ducky she has pissed at me for being alive this early I'm sorry ma'am where was I oh for my videos when I record on my Android my Samsung phone it does have a portrait mode which records with a blurred background and you can adjust how blurry it is I don't know if your device has that check it out though so speaking of our phone cameras most specifically our phone cameras also some digital cameras do have this feature turn off the look location permission to your camera your camera does not need to know where you are the reason being every single piece of content every video every photo all of it contains metad dat within it and that metadata says things like the place it was taken the location and the time and uh the date all of that information and more is logged into your piece of content and wherever you post that content people can take that content and get the metad DAT from it which means they can and have the ability to trace where that photo was taken so let's say you took that photo in your bedroom and you have your camera's location permissions on and it logged it in the metadata they now know where your bedroom is so your camera's location permissions they don't need it they don't and there are also multiple apps um for both IOS and Android that you can go in and either change delete wipe what have you that metadata so keep an eye on that make sure your photo or video Etc details make sure the details and the metadata on it do not have have your location that's not even a breadcrumb we're giving if I took a picture in here which everyone knows at this point this is my studio if I took a picture in here posted it and someone grabbed that metadata that would be a whole loaf of bread not even a breadcrumb all the way to me so watch your metadata get the location permission off your camera also in regards to protecting your location VP pns are great I have used two I have used Express VPN no complaints I used um proton proton VPN again worked totally fine uh I preferred the pro version of that over the free um but I think both would work just fine that being said as we know there are some platforms think Reddit think Tik Tok things like that that will down rank you if you post on their platform while utilizing a VPN so how I get around that for Reddit um because I don't post on Tik Tok hardly ever how I get around that on Reddit is using a scheduler so my IP address is still protected by my VPN at all times and I'm not getting down ranked because technically the post isn't being uploaded from me or my device so they don't know I have a bpn on still so that's just a little cheaty work around I found which has kind of just been so helpful okay stepping away from creating content right let's look at the stuff around that nonsense all of your platforms your accounts all of that anything that you have linked to an email think a Gil what have you right they need to be connected to a work email or a business email in which your information is not on it your legal name not there your phone number uh-uh the reason being it is getting easier and easier and easier to get people's email from things like social platforms and the pipeline from a social platform to email to the information that should be private that's publicly posted on let's say that Gmail you've had for 10 years that's your first name and then your last name with maybe a period in between I am I'm guilty I got like 17 of those at this point with different numbers I'm I'm the worst but that cannot be what you use for this it is too easy to trace back to you so all of your accounts all of your accounts for your content creation if they need an email attached that is an email that has none of your information speaking of keeping things separate as a mother trucker your personal life your personal socials that have nothing to do with content creation right just your socials think like your your old Facebook you still have or that Instagram you've had since who knows how long at this point they should be private they should be private and if you can if the platform allows you you should be turning off the feature that allows people to tag you that will help you moderate and control who is seeing your private information our content creation we want to blast that we want as many people as possible seeing that right we don't want that same thing for our personal private information because that personal private information can be used against us make your personal socials private lock them down so wrapping up we're going to talk about gifts and payment from fans buyers subscribers what have you when it comes to receiving gifts please use a wish list site consider Throne that's the one I use love them have not ever had a problem with them buyers don't see my information I get goodies it's a good day please consider using one like throne but one to not use one to please don't use his Amazon wish list please consider an alternative option because Amazon wish list two things one a buyer can purchase something off your list it'll clear off your list you'll think you have it okay and then they can cancel their order right before it ships maybe that's a day later who knows they can just cancel it and then you get nothing and they lied and that's scamming that's happened to me yeah how many times I happen me before I learned two times that's a lie three times it happened to me three times before I finally learned my darn lesson and said no more learn from me you don't have to make that same mistake and get scammed three times ridiculous of me the other reason we don't use Amazon wish list they provide purchasers of things off your wish list three pieces of your information and um this is a whole bakery's worth of information they provide the state you are in they provide the city you are in and your name that's everything that is a direct line to you that is a map with gas stations mapped out that that's that they wrote out the music list they don't need that info so don't give it to them please consider options other than Amazon wish list a alternative to wish list sites is PO Boxes but I would highly highly suggest again them if you can get away with it if you must use a po. box consider one in a city very far away from you even a neighboring state if you can put distance between your front door and that PO Box because that PO Box is is helping them get right to you right and if you do receive anything anything in a PO Box you open that package in the parking lot and you please check for tags such as um GPS Tags location trackers things like that please make sure you are completely safe taking that package home and you're not taking the buyer fan subscriber or Gift Giver home with you and last final final Final note is a big one and it's when I still get quite a few um questions on every now and then and to answer it without even asking the question you never ever in this day and age of online Anonymous tipping and payment platforms you never need to give your name or your bank details your address you do not need to provide any of that to anyone ever for any reason to get paid for anything there's no reason I mean for example right now I think I have I have six I have six six payment platforms every single one of those six payment platforms is anonymous and international yeah there's no need for someone to have your information your personal private information to pay you at any time okay actual final note I swear this time probably when it comes to payment platforms and sharing your personal information please consider not using PayPal please consider that they are not safe for us for very many reasons we have seen million well maybe not Millions but we've seen hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of creators report my account's been taken down my account's been taken down they're not giving me my money back I didn't realize it's one of their biggest terms of service they'll shut us down every time if they get a whiff just a whiff of us okay that's not the only reason they're not safe when it comes to in our personal private information they do provide your legal name to whoever pays you that was a lot of info was a lot a lot of info I'm going to have this all typed out in a resource on the subreddit the R/C creators spicy subreddit it's also going to be on the creators spicy tea patreon so those will both be available for those who just want to look back at it without having to listen to all this all right it's getting hard it's getting harder and harder to stay Anonymous and stay safe online but there are steps we can take to try and help as I said at the beginning there is so much we can do but there is only so much we can do so please consider putting some of these tips and tricks into action to help protect yourself hide your legal identity and protect your anonymity online we all all of us all the teams really really hope you are all staying safe very safe and you're staying sane sane as it gets at this point and I God damn hope you're flourishing thank y'all this was Ally Creator spicy tea and I'm going to see you next week with a little bit of a personal and hard story we'll see you all then

  Top Comments:
  1. @JunoNox [1 likes]: can you share what apps you use to strip away metadata?
  2. @cinanom [1 likes]: Super important info. its a scary world!

- a Practical Guide To Online Privacy in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your computer is a worse snitch than your ex. It logs your behavior, your browsing, your habits, and then quietly hands that data to companies you've never heard of. Not because you messed up, because that's the default. I typed ipconfig/displaydns last week and my computer vomited every website I visited Amazon, YouTube, that weird 3:00 a.m. CODC review site just sitting there for Google to read, for my ISP to sell, for anyone with log access to see. 2026 is going to be brutal for privacy. AI scraping everything. ISPs legally required to log your activity. every app selling your location to data brokers who sell it to insurance companies who deny your claims because you visited too many burger joints. But your privacy is actually fixable today for free. And I spent 3 months down this rabbit hole after my smart TV was recording my conversations and sending them to advertisers. When you type netflix.com, your computer asks a DNS server where Netflix lives. Problem is, your ISP runs those DNS servers by default. Every website you visit gets logged, kept for years, sold to advertisers. Your ISP knows more about you than your therapist. Fix is stupid simple. Cloudflare Warp free app, 30 seconds to install. Routes DNS queries through Cloudflare instead of your ISP. So your ISP sees you're making requests but not what you're actually visiting. Like watching someone mail letters but can't read what's inside. And it makes your internet faster. Sounds like scam, but it's real. My DNS queries went from 45 milliseconds to 12. four times faster for free while protecting privacy. Cloudflare makes money from enterprise services. They offer this free as loss leader, not a VPN replacement. If you need to pretend you're in Switzerland, you still need VPN. But for normal people who don't want their ISP building profiles, Cloudflare Warp is perfect. Takes 2 minutes. Do it now. Four free tools from Microsoft that show you exactly what's running. TCP view shows every network connection in real time. Right now I see Firefox, Discord, then something called MSMPG. Turns out it's Windows Defender calling home to Microsoft with my system data. If you've got malware, cryptominers, sketchy free software, TCP view shows it, every process making network calls, where it's connecting. You can kill it right there. Process explorer is task manager on steroids. Shows every process running. Configure it to check every executable against virus total. Scans with 60 different anti virus engines. If you've got malware, you'll see red marks everywhere. Auto runs shows everything that starts automatically when you boot. Services, drivers, schedule tasks, everything. You can just uncheck things. Don't want Nvidia spying on GPU usage? Uncheck it. Done. Process monitor is nuclear option. Shows everything happening in real time. Files opening, registry modifications, network connections. Set up filters like only show network activity from unknown processes. Spend an afternoon learning these four tools. Worth it. If you're using Chrome in 2026, you're installing spyware. You are the product. Firefox is the alternative. Not perfect, but at least not actively destroying ad blockers. Google introduced Manifest v3, which breaks ad blockers. Every Chromium browser, Chrome, Edge, Brave, Opera has to follow Google's rules. Firefox doesn't. When Google kills ad blockers, Firefox keeps working. Two extensions minimum. Bit Warden, Password Manager. free open- source. If you're reusing passwords, you're one breach away from losing everything. Bit warden generates random passwords for every site, stores encrypted, syncs across devices. When site gets breached, and they all do, damage is contained. Hackers get one useless password. Second extension, you block origin blocks ads. More importantly, blocks tracking. Every ad online is tracking you, building profile, watching where you go, what you click, all to serve more ads. Zero trust is simple. Assume everything is compromised until proven otherwise. Link from co-orker. Verify it's them. Software download. Check signature. Email from bank. Go to their website directly. Friend asking for money on Instagram. Call them. Actually call them. Attackers use your trust against you. They know you'll click link from friend. They know you'll panic at urgent suspicious activity. They exploit human psychology. Only defense is assuming everything is fake until you verify it's real. Perfect privacy doesn't exist unless you're in cabin in Montana. But you can make yourself harder target. Force data brokers and advertisers and ISPs to work for it instead of handing it to them free. None of this is hard. None costs money. Only barrier is caring enough to do it. Most people won't. They'll keep using Chrome with no ad blocker, typing passwords manually, clicking every link, wondering why they keep getting hacked. Don't be most people. Take 2 hours set this up. Your future self will thank you when you're not dealing with identity theft or ransomware. See you next one. If you like the way I break this stuff down, then check out Cyberflows Academy, my private community. Inside you get full step-by-step courses on ethical hacking, bug bounty, web hacking, osent, Python, C++, and reverse engineering, plus a private Discord where you can ask me anything and learn alongside people already getting insane payouts. You also get all my cyber docs, the cheat sheets, workflows, recon templates, osent checklists, exploit notes, and practical challengebased labs that actually force you to apply the skills. And we include all my tools and setups so your machine is ready from day one. If you want all that, courses, labs, playbooks, everything, it's in the first link in the description. See you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saynotoglobalcorruption [1 likes]: You must dump your Windows 11 and replace it with others because Windows 11 have major privacy issues. It uses Recall to collect your data.
  2. @Tortuex_ [1 likes]: quad9 + pihole
  3. @Tyrensucksatfortnite: I would say proton's manager over bit warden at this current time
  4. @idk-klp7498: he is leading me to paranoia, that what I came haer for
  5. @BrowserLab: Really liked the part where you broke down how telemetry works and how smart devices are constantly logging data—we rarely stop to think about that. Do you think switching to decentralized DNS providers actually helps with privacy, or is it just another patch in a leaky system?
  6. @spreetech: Great insights on this topic!
  7. @BrowserLab: Crazy to think how much data ISPs and devices are collecting behind the scenes—didn't realize DNS requests were such a big part of it. Are there specific tools or setups you recommend for encrypting DNS traffic in 2026? I've been using basic VPNs, but not sure if that's enough anymore.
  8. @BrowserLab: Crazy how much data is tracked without us realizing it—didn't know even DNS requests could reveal so much. Any tips for choosing a private DNS provider? I've heard about options like NextDNS but still not sure which one’s the most reliable.
  9. @sourdface: The first thing I noticed is that you're running Windows and listing Windows processes in the Windows command prompt. Like 90% of the issues you mentioned can go away if you stop using Windows, MacOS, or any proprietary OS.
  10. @AsterPrivacy: This is good!
  11. @mr.azxxxz: i was wondering is warp same as a pi hole
  12. @XDreamEnergyNO1: SNI kills your cloudflare setup
  13. @aggressivetomate1393: If you only change your DNS Server, your ISP can still See which websites you visit. It just can‘t See the DNS request but it can see the IP and associate this with a certain Service. Please correct me if I am wrong.
  14. @skd: In case you are on Mac and it doesn't work, turn off Network Sharing. It worked for me.
  15. @JustSomeDude072: Switched my browser to Firefox and duckduckgo
  16. @BrowserLab: I never realized how much my ISP and smart devices were tracking my every move until you mentioned DNS requests and telemetry. It makes me wonder—are there any specific tools or settings you'd recommend for controlling app data leaks on mobile devices? Feels like that's an area where privacy gets overlooked!
  17. @crippys: Im currently using NextDNS and I shit you not. Literally everything loads faster.
  18. @filip2865: 3:08 Chrome can't delete an adblock that's integrated to the browse
  19. @poncho6784: Nope.  Firefox is not secure.
  20. @dermosquitor9984: is vivaldi a good alternative for firefox?

- How To Completely Disappear Online (And Never Be Found Again): Kind: captions Language: en how do you disappear online well I'm going to tell you right now I'm going to give you four tips of how to disappear online tip number one delete everything delete all your stuff yes may take a little while but just start deleting delete your Facebook accounts delete Instagram delete whatever you have and go on a you know spend a lot of time deleting right that's what you want to do if you want to truly disappear so that's step one I will also say if people have your home address that's one of the reasons you want to start deleting I have nothing go to my home I don't have pizza delivered I don't have Amazon boxes I have multiple UPS stores and the reason is I get a lot of crazy people after me because I'm former CIA and they think like I know where the aliens of land or they think I know where some pot of gold at the end of the rainbow is so every once in a while I will get somebody send me an email and they'll say like Jason I found you online I found your house online I know exactly where you live and they put an address and I always want to tell them yep you found me why don't you go wait at that house and wait for me to come because of course that's not my real address so I do know and control what is there and it's done by purpose but if you don't have it hidden like I do if you don't have an llc's and Trust then delete yourself delete all your stuff like crazy so that is tip number one if you don't have the time to go through each and every website that may or may not have any information on you then you can do what I did and just use delete me delete me is awesome and they take care of removing all your personal data from public databases search engines people's search sites and many many more to do what I did and get your personal information removed from data broker websites go to join deleteme.com Hanson delete me is giving 20 off to anyone who uses my code Hanson again that's join delete me.com Hanson promo code Hanson it's like having your own personal privacy assistant who takes care of all the hard work for you so you have more time to work on my next tip for disappearing which is create a bunch of dummy accounts this is super easy to do these days you can create a million and one email addresses all kind of stuff you want to do all kind of dummy accounts not a big deal people do it all the time unfortunately a lot of the people do it do it for like creepy scammer or child molester weirdo reasons you're going to be doing it for good reasons just to protect your privacy also remember when you are creating these accounts never use the real security question so my wife when she's into one of our accounts because I've created stuff should be like where are we married again because obviously I didn't put the world place where I'm married again I picked the most random thing like you know Boise Idaho or whatever so when it says like hey what is your favorite car what is your first pet's name who was the first love of your life never used the real one now obviously in a safe place you have to keep the answer around so you know what your favorite first car was where I was like my first car I want to say was a Chevy S10 I believe that's what it was and that's not the answer to any of my security codes I don't remember what I play because I've got to run down somewhere I can get it if I need it so create all these false accounts which actually doesn't take very much time at all that way you can be anonymous and protect your privacy and basically be disappeared all right what is tip number three well use a good email service a private email service and a messaging app that's private so for example what should you use for email well you should use something like protonmail or mail fins yes I I have a Gmail account but for very sensitive super ninja secret stuff I am not using my Gmail I am using protonmail mail fence something like that those accounts are free I mean to start them are free if you want certain things obviously you can upgrade but they're very quick to start they're easy to use so use a more secure email system as far as messaging there is signal there's WhatsApp there's telegram there's plenty out there kind of thing so if you are having more sensitive information you want to make sure that nobody can see it even though the government can really see it if they want anything but you know ideally you're using that because a hacker is going to have a harder time getting into that that type of thing and hopefully the government is not after you so that is tip number three is good email service and good messaging system all right on to tip number four use a VPN also known as a virtual private Network what does that do well when you're surfing the internet it makes sure that your stuff is scrambled so for instance I use a VPN so somebody will say to me hey you know Jason I see you're in you know you live in Utah right but it shows your New York City right now because my VPN looks like I'm in New York City when I really live in Utah there was a story a while back I think it was USA Today where a guy was on an airplane he used the airplane Wi-Fi he did not use public Wi-Fi without using a VPN meaning pretty much everybody could read his mail and he got hacked there so if you're on an airplane if you're at the airport if you're in a hotel or wherever public place Starbucks do not use public Wi-Fi if you are not using a VPN to secure and encrypt your data because then it's very easy for people to hack you even Knuckleheads can hack you that way so those are four tips how to disappear online how to make sure you're not going to get hacked how you can have more privacy of course I've got many more coming your way if you could do me a huge favor please subscribe and obviously share this information if you want your loved ones to make sure they're not hacked also if they have more privacy online God bless you God bless your family

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonHansonSpyBriefing [53 likes]: Join DeleteMe here: ➡️ http://joindeleteme.com/hanson
  2. @jermainebible5405 [5 likes]: Whatever happened to right to privacy?
  3. @michaelaMadarova-kt1fk [2 likes]: Now I have a clean page all thanks to them at *ABCHACKERS
  4. @bkkln-ck1fz [2 likes]: Perfect deletion done here at ABCHACKERS
  5. @chigozieokwuchu5142 [2 likes]: I was worried before and now I can confirm they are so good and experienced abchackers
  6. @سلامةالطيب-غ9ت [2 likes]: You just changed my life for good and I appreciate ABCHACKERS
  7. @VideosVirales-wd7hm [2 likes]: I'm glad I came across the page ABCHACKERS
  8. @Harathi-Rukma449 [2 likes]: I will tell even more people about the best page ABCHACKERS
  9. @prakashpatel-dc5qb [2 likes]: Gratitude to you my main man at ABCHACKERS
  10. @Ginnikatun [2 likes]: I appreciate ABCHACKERS for coming through
  11. @RohanRajput-k7h [2 likes]: They really delivered for me on time abchackers
  12. @Vipula-Asavari215 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for telling me about ABCHACKERS to get this kind of things done
  13. @ODSTRubicon: Well now we need a way to hide from the government because they are crazy now too
  14. @blondynablondynacom6639: I like it. Interesting.
  15. @rhino_tutorials: All of the above are useless techniques that maybe effective in the 90’s

IF I WANT TO FIND ANYONE - I WOULD USE any or Combination of the FOLLOWING METHODS : 


1. Acoustic Cryptanalysis & Side-Channel Leaks

2. Vehicle Telematics & CAN Bus Exploitation

3. Protocol Vulnerabilities (E2EE Bypass)

4. VPN De-masking (DNS Leaks & Fingerprinting)

5-ENF (Electrical Network Frequency) Geolocation

6.LLM-Assisted Semantic De-anonymization
  16. @thenightwatcher91: If you made 2 or more fake accounts, NEVER comnect them! Don't send emails to another fake account. Don't link them!
  17. @bobbyscalchi4013: Although good tips. Yet again all I heard was "Promotion and Subscribe to more services to do this for you."
  18. @Extrodoox: I can’t use Delete me because I live in Europe, what’s some similar website I can use?
  19. @brandonboss6868: Or flood the internet with wrong information about you.
  20. @FishyMcFishface2.0: Never needed privacy as much as today with European Chat Control being discussed so thoroughly

- The Dark Side Of OnlyFans (Mental Health Struggles): Kind: captions Language: en only fans is a platform where you pay to access uncensored videos and pictures from content creators knowing human nature people are often drawn to explicit content which is why sex influencers also known as only fans models or porn stars dominate the platform but while only fans was initially touted as a tool for female empowerment and sexual Freedom the conversation has changed these optimistic Notions are being questioned more and more as more concerning Trends reveal themselves today we're exploring the troubling Trends the impact in mental health societal norms and accessibility to exploitative behavior so stick with us Psy to goers as we explore the darker side of only fans content creation is a complicated and competitive industry it's no different for sex influencers the same way Mr Beast is constantly having to reach new extremes to maintain and grow his audience the same goes for only fans creators Lily Phillips is one such Creator who slept with 100 men for publicity but there is no such thing as winning in content creation it can end at 100 and was bound to be outdone another Creator Bonnie Blue claims to have slept with over 1,000 men within 12 hours shortly after the 100 men stunned these extremes can warp or view sex for creators and consumers as it becomes more competitive the act of sex is trivialized and turned into work it's just a job this has the potential to completely rewire intimacy extreme sexual stunts for financial gain could cause emotional Detachment objectification of oneself and the loss of personal boundaries for viewers if we normalize this it could take a toll in your expectations for and relationships with intimacy and relationships you may have heard of influencer houses in which influencers live together for collaboration a similar phenomenon reached only fans creators of course collabor in their case takes on a weightier meaning most people don't want to live at their job the stress involved is likely to be Amplified by the fact that any relationships have to fit into this environment and any sincere intimacy you could have is another opportunity for exploitation and monetary gain personal lives like sexual lives become content this can be extremely damaging to your expectations around intimacy stressful or emotionally straining living situations could exacerbate mental health issues in an environment in which sexually explicit activity with your housemates is always a possibility and the living situation is centered around making money there it's likely that the Bop house could become a space of prolonged stress rather than a place to unwind at the end of a long day what happens when these things get normalized in society let's explore further during the pandemic only fans blew up as people were uncertain about their careers and only fans gave women a place to take charge of their financial Independence and support themselves using their body it sounds positive but it could also be framed as being pushed into selling sexual activity to survive the value placed on only fans in the earlier years may have been misrepresented on average craters found that being an online sex worker was neither empowering nor extremely exploitative however just because you're in charge doesn't mean you're not exploiting yourself selling sexual favors is prostitution just because it's online does make it any different how is it not considered prostitution when as in Lily Phillips case donors can be physically involved only fans content can be psychologically disorganized this means that only fans content involves mental gymnastics using justifications loopholes and rationalizations to make it seem acceptable it isn't exploitative it's empowering it isn't prostitution it's just online content but how far do these rationalizations get stretched when it comes to the promotion of the lifestyle to Miners and people just turning 18 and fully believing that they have a wealthy fulfilling future waiting for them and only fans their worth will be forever tied to their looks and their sexual performance how do we justify people promoting their only fans on Twitter Instagram and Tik Tok to Young impressionable people when we would do our best to keep that out of our neighborhoods we aren't saying this because we think only fans models are terrible people or that people should be ashamed for choosing that path psychologically speaking we know that the life of a prostitute is not one we would typically gravitate towards or glamorize so when does that thinking relate to only fans when it's normalized as a legitimate career path these questions have to be asked how many only fans models are genuinely famous and wealthy and how many only fans models are there in total on the platform it's getting more and more difficult to secure intimacy there are a lot of reasons for this but poor use and corn addiction are partially responsible only fans is a unique case specifically for consumers because it feels personal on the surface you're receiving intimate photos videos and texts but in reality it's a personalized product that you've paid for the human connection that we need for a well-rounded and fulfilling life is absent from the transaction it teaches people that intimacy is a trade that it's something men can pay for and something women can sell the value of intimacy is intimacy it shouldn't be determined by how much someone is willing to pay or charge for it this creates scenarios in which people overreach boundaries because they paid for someone's meal or people will resist the urge to be with someone they like because they haven't sacrificed enough financially it stifles the ways we usually measure our relationship and sexual satisfaction it also promotes the unhealthy and depressing belief that intimacy is only for people with a lot of money or who follow a specific Beauty standard a do documentary was made on Lily Phillips's 100-man challenge after the challenge was filmed she was in tears she recalls feeling dissociated and couldn't remember a lot of the event which could indicate trauma though that's just speculation there's a true danger that the competitive nature of only fans relying on numbers stunts and marketing that people will be pushed to do challenges that could have a worse impact on Mental Health than we realize this phenomenon has wider reaching effects than just on only fans for example you shouldn't be pressured to do something you don't want to do just because your partner enjoyed watching it in porn porn is staged lit directed and performed it's a show and doesn't reflect the little things like awkward pauses running out of breath and discomfort that can make real intimacy a unique conversation between two bodies only fans and porn can make performers of us all whether we make content or not because porn is fabricated it's quite literal impossible to live up to the darker side of only fans is a place where you're pressure to do more than you expected you may find that the people you encounter through your work in your general sense of comfort are injured whether you're a Creator or not the effects of only fans and your mental health are worth considering if you're thinking about getting into it consider the competition and the things you will feel pressured to do in order to grow and maintain your audience if you're a consumer consider how it's affected the way you look at other women and your expectations for your relationships thanks for joining us py to goers we'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments below if you enjoyed this video let us know by leaving a like And subscribe to psych the go for more see you next time and remember you matter

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [127 likes]: Do you think platforms like OnlyFans are empowering or harmful in the long run—and why?This might be the last voice over from Gabriel, but if you like him, let us know in the comments.
  2. @lalucyx369 [1 likes]: I do OF & I enjoy it. But I don’t do meets I only play online and do things that go beyond my limits. I think it’s empowering def helped with my self confidence and finding a sexier side to myself.  Def has its cons tho the hate from online strangers is so overwhelming
  3. @planmars24 [1 likes]: Emotional Damage!!! 🗣️
  4. @nikangel5362 [1 likes]: Its safer no stds
  5. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪1:16‬‏ AYOOO
  6. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪1:04‬‏ They said freedom 🥀
  7. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪0:24‬‏ WTF
  8. @MohamedTamer-l6d: Only fans is just sucks
  9. @KT34462: USA values the s*x industry over childcare, education, healthcare, etc etc.
  10. @jr16794: Whoever hasn’t been on it please don’t… it’s deadly. I went on it after a night out last month cos I was still drunk and horny and wanted to see what the hype was about. I’ve been addicted since, it gives you such high dopamine because of the attention you get from these hot women and the sexting. I hate how much money I’ve spent only in a month of going on. Please don’t. It’s not good to encourage women to do this either. If anyone has any advice on how I can stop when I feel the urge, it would be great. 😢
  11. @letsdothat: As person experiencing the social negative impacts of online sex services I'd like to thank you for this enlightening content. This nightmare drags the people to itself like a black worm and hook them on to it worst than worst drug that is known to human. It makes a mother let go of her baby, a wife to her lovely husband, a father to her darling kiddo girl so unbelievably that you keep asking yourself why! How? And no one can answer that.
  12. @jpbart1390: And what would they do when they're replaced with AI girlfriends? 🤣
  13. @BlueMoon60-t4j: So this also applies to male solo content creators in OF? or they are safe??? No judgement just asking...
  14. @Thomzz95: Onlyfans is one of the worst things to happen to society. I'm happy china banned it.
  15. @SoyLen-u5v: Its more reliable than relationships
  16. @voicingemotions: That’s the darker side of all digital creators…being pressured to reach extremes
  17. @ashleypearson7848: Because of social media our world is doomed its already to late to rewire the thinking process that technology has influenced in a bad way! Im telling ya its to late no correcting it
  18. @saeidbokaei: imagine filming ur body and selling it to the people , How dumb hamusans can be!
  19. @nikangel5362: Maybe i getting a Mommy makeover someday I won't be so insecure about it. I just have a Daughter & Im protective of her as well. Men doing nasty stuff looking at her or these young girls.
  20. @kenyoung6666: Fact that many girls who do OF or porn are addicted to drugs or need weed to function and how many suicides there are tells you everything you need to know about how harmful it is and that there’s NOTHING good about it.

- Is OnlyFans Bad for Mental Health? | Personality Profiles of Creators and Members: Kind: captions Language: en hello this is dr grande today's question is what is only fans other questions here would include what are the personality profiles of only fans creators and members is being on only fans a good idea and are there mental health consequences to being a creator on only fans just a reminder i'm not diagnosing anybody in this video only speculating about what could be happening in a situation like this if you enjoyed this video please like it subscribe to my channel and consider supporting me on patreon i'll put the link to patreon in the description for this video only fans is a social media platform based in britain that was established in 2016. at the time of making this video it has 450 000 content creators and over 30 million registered users it allows the creators who can be influencers or really anyone over 18 to charge customers for content only fans keeps 20 of the revenue and they pay 80 percent of the creator much of the content that is sold is in the form of videos and images most creators on only fans offer explicit content otherwise known as not safe for work the vast majority of the creators are female and the vast majority of the are male for the purposes of this video i'm going to use the pronouns consistent with that typical arrangement of course there can be exceptions to that the creators make money in a variety of ways there's a monthly subscription just to get access to the creators page this is usually between five and fifty dollars twenty dollars seems to be a popular figure some creators don't charge at all for the basic access to the page the creator can sell her content pay-per-view and this appears to be a major way to make money on the site this could include images videos or live streams for example she might take a picture of herself wearing lingerie and charge ten dollars just for that image the pay-per-view is capped at fifty dollars per item so that's the maximum that a creator could charge for that the creator can also work out deals with individual members like direct messages for instance a particular member could be interested in a specific demonstration let's say and he could make a deal with the creator so that she does that in a private video for him the limit for a private message is 100 members can also give tips the tips are capped at 100 going up to 200 after four months so who is on only fans as i mentioned anyone over 18 can join as a creator or a member some of the creators are influencers they try to convince their social media followers to join them on only fans so they start off with an advantage they can usually make much more money than somebody who does not have the followers others are not influencers they get on there and try to do the best they can to build their business the new york times has published a few articles about only fans the references to those articles will be in the description for this video they talked about a few different people on only fans here's a summary of those contacts they interviewed a 23 year old who made sixty four thousand dollars in about six months she had worked as a medical biller prior to becoming a creator there was a 22 year old from montana who made 500 in two months a 36 year old who earned in about two months working full time she didn't seem too happy with the amount of money she was getting for that effort they spoke to a 27 year old mother of three in ohio who made about 700 a month she said that she never thought anyone would pay to see her naked and it's been a confidence boost there was also a former model they spoke with who made 165 000 in four months in the summer of 2020 there was a controversial creator named bella thorne that came onto the site and caused a bit of a stir she earned a million dollars in a day on only fans and 2 million dollars within a week apparently many members were upset because they were expecting bellthorne to release explicit content instead it was more like pg-13 for example she had a pay-per-view video for 200 that people thought would contain nudity but allegedly it did not i mentioned before the various dollar limits for certain items there are rumors that some of those limits were lowered to the levels i indicated because of bella thorne but only fans said the transaction limits were not based on any one user only fans is an interesting platform like many social media platforms there are megastars who make a lot of money and then there are people who struggle to earn anything one of the challenges we see here with the bella thorne incident is a number of the sex workers who were on only fans as creators were upset because thorne wandered onto the platform and was disruptive they accused her of not respecting the fact that this was their work environment and they are angry with her for not pushing for the decriminalization of sex work so what motivates people to pay money to creators on only fans i think that if one takes a quick look at the platform they might be left with the impression that the platform monetizes this question how much would somebody pay to see a particular person naked i think this is definitely part of it people are curious they see a person on only fans and they get excited to see them without clothes but if that were the only motivator why would somebody continue to pay for the same thing once they've seen what they wanted to see what would be the point of additional videos or images and looking at a few videos where creators describe their experience on and from what we know about webcam models and other related professions i believe this industry is partially based on the communication about sex and relationships the creators talk about how they spend the majority of their time chatting with the customers not producing content so they're answering questions having a dialogue they're getting descriptions of certain services that the members want them to perform without that component the members probably would not stay around too long the emphasis for smaller creators not so much for the influencers seems to be trying to make the customer feel special they want the members to feel like the creator is their online girlfriend the creators make the argument that they're providing a personalized service that's why what they offer on only fans is better than other sources of that type of information this reminds me of a case that occurred in florida in early 2019. this case did not involve only fans but it did involve a webcam model who provided the same services and built a relationship with a customer the customer was named grant amato he stole two hundred thousand dollars from his parents and his brother in order to communicate with the webcam model the family members believed he was addicted and they tried to cut him off amato killed them now this is an extreme case but it does highlight some of the dangers of this type of service so what personality profiles do we see with only fans creators and members i'll start with the members the members tend to be loners socially awkward they have a history of being rejected by women and interest in unusual sexual activity a lack of insight and a tendency to become obsessed if they believe that the only fans creator is really their online girlfriend like if they believe that's a true romantic relationship there may be some reality testing issues as well like some delusional thoughts with that in mind we see high openness to experience they invest in fantasy low conscientiousness they're not cautious be extroverted or introverted we don't see a specific relationship there we see high agreeableness to the point of being gullible and high neuroticism as far as the personality profiles of the creators here we see more variants in general i would expect to see high openness no specific level of conscientiousness although lower levels would probably be somewhat overrepresented high extraversion these individuals are assertive they try to appear friendly and outgoing we see no specific level of agreeableness and low neuroticism what are the risks associated with this type of work well there certainly seems to be more risk to the creators than to members so i'll focus on the creator experience here a few risks come to mind first one some of the services offered by the creators expose them to different types of dangers for example some of the only fans creators for a price will rate the quality of a member's genitals so the member will transmit an image of his member to the creator and she will evaluate it on a scale of something like 1 to 10. the creator is being exposed to potentially distressing images and i think under pressure to give out inflated ratings that is to say that the object their rating is better than it really is which isn't dangerous in itself but it is anti-science another example is the creators will often sell their undergarments to the members the primary risk here would be prosecution there are federal obscenity laws that some would consider obscure but people have been arrested for that activity not many compared to how often it happens but there is still a risk what i find funny about this is that there is a three-pronged test to determine whether the activity is illegal or not under those laws the third part says whether a reasonable person finds the matter lacks serious literary artistic political or scientific value so we see this argument that this is a political activity i guess i forgot about the long-standing struggle between the republican democrat and underwear parties moving on to the second item of risk this one is fairly straightforward a member could try to find a creator and attack them like a stalker online sex work is less risky than in person sex work but there's still some danger the third risk would be related to the creator's future career endeavors we have seen stories of online sex workers who have difficulty finding jobs in traditional employment areas although i'm not aware of any specific problems related to former only fans creators there's a debate regarding the morality of what these creators do a moral argument many people believe that these sex workers should be left alone live and let live if they want to make their money then that's their business that's fine the difficulty is that employers don't want to get involved they often worry about their image they worry about how that's going to reflect on their morality even though they often recognize that the work of an only fan's crater doesn't constitute criminal activity the employer would still worry that society views it as immoral the so-called morality police the cancel culture attempts to shame people who engage in certain activities including sex work if a creator on only fans wants to leave the platform and find traditional employment the fact that all those images and videos were distributed may come back to haunt them we see this risk on many social media platforms but it's clearly amplified on something like only fans where again explicit images make up the vast majority of the content it is really the expectation the fourth risk is related to mental health research has repeatedly demonstrated that sex work can lead to a number of mental health symptoms including those associated with substance use depression anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder some people look at something like only fans and they say well this is safe there's no physical contact this only has visual and communication components so it's all good the risk does seem to be lower if restricted to online environments but i would be very surprised if it's completely free of any mental health consequences it is still technically sex work looking at the last question is this a good idea the debate over sex work and specifically the type we see on is interesting in as much as the variety of opinions it elicits on one side you have people say that this exploits women it harms them it's another example of men trying to buy and sell women to control women on the other side you have people saying stop the stigma this is empowering to women it offers financial freedom a flexible work environment i'm not going to get into the morality issue because i don't know the answer to those questions i imagine that someday sex work will be decriminalized in more areas it is illegal and of course most areas at this time but just because something is not criminal doesn't make it a good idea strictly speaking about items like development through the lifespan life satisfaction quality of life and mental health i would say that the risks of online sex work outweigh the benefits not just in an individual level but at a societal level as well i think it does exploit women and it encourages unhelpful relationship patterns in men so those are my thoughts on the only fans website please put any opinions and thoughts in the comments section they always generate an interesting dialogue as always i hope you found my analysis of this topic to be interesting thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @RonaldEarlWilsher [3 likes]: “I’m an Only Fans model. “

(What they really mean )

“I’m a virtual prostitute. I don’t make much money to f**k and s**k and I feel mostly dead inside. “

So sad.
  2. @mac_mcleod [2 likes]: I'm too cheap to be an onlyfans customer.  Never gambled for the same reason.  Don't like pouring my money into a hole.
  3. @mac_mcleod [2 likes]: The question would be, are people with abnormal psychology attracted to only fans? 

Or does onlyfans create abnormal psychology in creators and users? 

Or is this normal psychology and we just pretend it's not most the time? (Recall all the moral warriors who get caught doing things they fought against)
  4. @cvdevol [2 likes]: Call it prostitution. That's what it is.
  5. @littleanto5917 [2 likes]: Are you aware that there's men that do only fan as well it not just female.
  6. @Badger_The_Wind_in_the_Willows [2 likes]: Doctor Grande, are you going to make an Only Fans? 🤔🤣
  7. @Melly16yr10 [1 likes]: Like the pink 🩷 top looks well on you, suits you. As for only fans I've heard one to many horrible stories coming from this industry, no thanks.
  8. @kamonevimco [1 likes]: We should not be having these kind of fucking problems as a society, like technology is great and all, but what have we come to? Is this it? This should be banned, it is not liberty, and it is not helping anybody, from the societal point of view. Ban this shit.
  9. @SonnyCrocket-p6h [1 likes]: my fiance in S .america is able to make 3x as much by being a cam girl as any other job and she's a single mom. It's literally a matter of life or death, $300 per month or $900 per month. That's the case with millions of third world women. It's either sex by cam or REAL whoring, and the real deal is incredibly bad news for her.
  10. @IntelligentEating [1 likes]: You’ve gotta be wrong in the head to want anything to do with this stuff
  11. @antonglas7488 [1 likes]: Going back to 1971 in the UK I was a radio controller for a small taxi company.
One of the drivers, his name was Eric, was also a pimp.
He told us one of his main problems were male customers falling in love with the pr*stitutes even to a point of obsession and he had to intervene even threatening violence to get rid of these guys.
I guess it`s the same on OnlyFans, sad pathetic men that cannot hack it with women in the real world, even to the point of describing them as weirdos and those are the types of men these online pr*stitutes are exposing their bodies and degrading themselves to.
Even in today`s modern society S workers will never be respected and accepted in mainstream society.
  12. @jerryy4658 [1 likes]: content creators are high openness? that's is in my opinion an extremely weak point. OnlyFans is a normie platform, and there is nothing creative and original about getting naked in front of a camera. maybe the select few creators who are willing to do unconventional sexual acts are considered high openness, but most are low openness unoriginal thinkers who just jump on the bandwagon under the false conception that OnlyFans is "easy money"
  13. @KT34462: Capitalism should have caps on stuff like women being gang r*ped by 500 men online. This isn’t what should be rewarded with $50 million a year paycheck. We don’t even legalize street prostitution.
  14. @your_royal_highness: I’m too cheap to pay for porn
  15. @MikeSweeney-p6m: Yes, for both the 'models' and the subscribers.
  16. @smuggreycat8137: Well said
  17. @hykalia7650: It’s just barely disguised virtual prostitution, what could possibly go wrong? 💀🦅🦅🦅
  18. @njvalueinvestor: Thoughtful and good advice.  Legal does not mean healthy or good.
  19. @chesterwilberforce9832: I've also recently heard that like many professions, 99% of the money is made by 1% of the women, mostly well known public figures like Bella Thorne, Black Chyna.
  20. @stefanlindstrom-entreprenology: interesting to hear a big five on these sellers versus buyers. Says most about how things are for both of them

- The Mental Consequences of OnlyFans and the 'Easy Money' | Joe Rogan & Derek MPMD: Kind: captions Language: en do you know that there's a loophole that the ladies use to show their breasts which one fake boobs a fake B baby oh no yeah they use a fake baby so they breastfeed so you got these girls these big juicy melons and they pull one out and have a rubber baby and the rubber baby sucking on its head and the the baby looks so fake that's hilarious but they can get some like pretty realistic fake babies yeah yeah like what was that movie with um the sniper movie about Chris Kyle what was that called remember it was a movie where he had a fake baby and it was like so obvious he's got this like rubber baby and he's like holding on to his child in this stupid scene I'm I'm pretty sure on Twitter you can just post nudity without any like problems right you can probs pornography yeah the dude the replies to a lot of tweets that are irrelevant to porn it'll just be like that's cool but if you see my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it'll be like some chick promoting her only fans that's so common now and I just like the discourse is like half infested at this point they had this one lady who was saying she made $40 million this year on on uh only fans oh yeah that's nuts 40 million and she's a virgin I guess and she doesn't post sure sure she's a virgin sure she's a 23-year-old big tittied version the only that exists in the whole world see that's an interesting uh scenario if true because it's like a lot of dudes want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on these chicks for being like like prostitutes essentially right but like if she was actually a virgin and she's posting like almost nude but not quite but making a bunch of money off it yeah there's like two contradictory things going on right now yeah she wins but the problem is this is I mean I don't want to tell anybody to not do anything like ladies you do what you want you do you if I was a young pretty girl I'd probably be on only fans I'd probably make some money [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it why would I want to be a waitress when I could just show my tits that's how I would look at it the problem is twofold one you become addicted to an extraordinary amount of money if you're successful at it right so there's like a scale of people on the only fans apparently most of the only F did we we talked about this right like most of the gals don't make that much money most of them yeah I mean that's what what's that much figures or millions or no like even less like most of them make a few thousand a month I think so I think out of this 43 one guy paid her 5 million she said yeah dude that's insane would suck too is if you went full boarded and you did like actual porn and just got like banged on camera just for thinking you're going to become a multi-millionaire and then you still are like you would have to get banged on camera a lot for years to really develop a fan base and you have to do really good job like every time super enthusiastic but my point is like you're not going to like most beautiful young women want a high value man as a husband if let's say they're heterosexual let's just assume they want to get married if they do want to get married they do want a relationship you're not going to get a high value man especially if you're making if you're making millions of dollars a year doing this you're going to want a guy who makes millions of dollars a year right you're not going to want a guy who makes less than you you're probably used to buying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Louis Vuitton this and that and you're used to all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so you're probably you're wealthy right so you're already your dating pool's smaller because you're probably not interested in a guy who makes $100,000 a year like a regular guy to you is like what is he going to do he can't even take me anywhere this is BU I'm going to pay for our vacation the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here right so you've already like cut like regular guys out so now you have a very small pool of men that you can date and then out of that pool how many of them are going to accept the fact that you're doing this now you have an even smaller pool so some guys will accept it but for how long like if you get real serious you get married and then you're still showing your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to everybody that's you know you're in but you're addicted to that money like are you going to pick a relationship over this guy who may or may not be dming his ex-girlfriend you know like you're going to throw it all away and throw away this $40 million a year Empire you've created or are you trapped in that essentially forever

  Top Comments:
  1. @oneohtriplethreebeats: Only Fans models just want money. Money turns them on. If you wanna be throwing money at someone who gets turned on by money okay go ahead. I don't get it tbh.
  2. @TheGpg0007: I dated a girl with an only fans, never again. They cry all the time, terrible mother and only made several hundred a month..🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️

- Long Term Consequences of OnlyFans | Healthy Gamer Dr. K: Kind: captions Language: en I was thinking about the inundation of porn and graphic sexual content in today's culture I was wondering what would be Dr K's thoughts on how this is affecting the human mind and mental health I feel that genuine human intimacy is going down in this day and age but it could just be me sexuality is something so common and frequent to humans naturally however that it just seems natural that in the internet age it would be everywhere however I feel that as I said this is affecting human intimacy and it at least in my eyes seems to be making sexuality and sexual experiences not as special or exciting as they should be just some thoughts from the community would love to hear people's ideas so some of the impacts that we're seeing are you know we're seeing things like pornography addiction so we're seeing that for example the more likely you are to get addicted to pornography like depends on how early you were exposed to pornography and also the intensity of the pornography that you were exposed to all right I just want to pause here for a sec for all the people who say that porn addiction isn't real this is a certified licensed psychiatrist talking about the realities of porn addiction so I I this is why I love Dr K he just gets it um but I again just a psychiatrist saying yeah porn addiction is real and here are some more details about it that's that's significant so we are seeing real like Psy like psychiatric consequences so the two factors he laid out there early exposure and then the intensity so that those are actually great metrics for somebody to evaluate in their own consumption you know like am I addicted or how addicted am I um it's funny the first question we would ask is well when were you first exposed so we're not even asking about you know the frequency or how long can you go without it we're just asking did you get exposed at a young age because we know that the likelihood of developing addiction is so much higher if you were exposed at a young age and let's not kid ourselves most guys are getting exposed at a young age and then the second one is the intensity obviously both both factors are important but then the intensity of what you're watching very very indicative of the severity of the addiction so uh good factors to remember uh especially when you're evaluating your own situation we're also seeing as this person suggests like some confusion around intimacy and expectations so a lot of people who you know grow up watching porn will have particular expectations of what the appropriate response is so I one time had a patient who told me that they were unable to have an orgasm when they masturbate and as I talk to them I realize like actually when they masturbate they are having an orgasm it's just in the pornography there's like so they used to say that I get I can get to the first part of orgasm I was like what do you mean the first part of orgasm and they're like well I get a little of I get like a small amount of ejaculate but I don't get to the full ejaculate I was like what do you mean the full ejaculate and and then I realize that like when you watch pornography there's such a copious amount of ejaculate that like this person had what I assume to be like a normal ejaculation I still remember I looked up what is the I still remember like after an appointment I looked up what is the average amount of human what is the median amount of human ejaculate in milliters that is embarrassing but i' I've done that as well so I'm with you with Dr K I got you and so pornography had given this this idea that like orgasm is this like just explosion of like buckets of ejaculation and they just didn't understand that right so like they would actually masturbate and they like they thought they were like busted in some way okay this is actually a pretty big deal and I know for me you know during my own addiction I had I could tell you so many stories of things that I thought were wrong with me with my body just because they didn't match up to what I saw in pornography but now at the clients you know like seeing thousands of guys go through our system and kind of work through the I don't know the false ideologies that porn graphy portrays this is very very prevalent uh Dr Aaron Spitz he wrote a book called the penis book uh a few years ago now and he actually talked about um because he's he's one of the world's leading urologists and so people will come to him looking for penis enlargement procedures and he said that since the proliferation of Internet pornography the inquiries that he gets for those procedures has gone up like I forget how much it was but it was a it was a notable amount and it's the exact same Dynamic here you have guys who are getting conditioned by pornography assessing their own bodies assessing their own experiences feeling like they don't measure up and then diagnosing themselves like this guy like I can't orgasm when in fact he can or something's wrong with my penis even though nothing's wrong at all and this person was you know average size but they feel like because of pornography something's wrong and they need to make something different and another layer to this is in relationships and um maybe he's going to get into this I don't know but when he you start talking about expectations a lot of guys have come to us feeling sorry for themselves because their wife won't do XYZ you know something that they got accustomed to watching pornography and they just assumed every girl loves doing this and this is a totally normal part of sex when it's not you know or their partner for whatever reason doesn't want to engage in it and then they feel sorry for themselves when in reality if they had never been exposed to pornography if they never had that standard set by porn they wouldn't care they'd probably just be very grateful for the experiences that they get with their Partners so the the expectations deal is um significant whether we're talking about you know the consumer and their own body and their own uh perception or we're talking about the relationships and the people that they're engaging with so like you know the the impacts of pornography is their pornography addiction absolutely is it affecting with intimacy like I think so and then there are all these other like unexpected outcomes that we just don't we're not going to know right like you can't predict that if people watch a lot of pornography like teenagers are going to get confused about when they have an orgasm that's not like you just can't make that prediction but it's it's an effect so that is true like when you talk about the quirks and the nuances like sure what what are they going to get confused about we can't predict that but we can say with pretty good confidence now based on the data and anecdotally just seen what's happening in a lot of the Youth and Young adults that we know for a fact this will happen it's just a question of how you know cases sexual assault like all this stuff is up in teens in in like the Youth of our day and age because of the pornography they're watching so again I he's he's a psychiatrist so he can't he can't make bold blanket statements without being able to properly justify it I think we can say for sure watching pornography Young definitely has an impact the specifics we can't predict as much and that's what he's getting at but don't be mistaken we know for sure that when you get exposed to pornography at a young age it messes you up it messes up your brain it messes up your expectations and it's going to mess up your relationships and so you know what effect is it having the short answer is like we sort of don't know so we're certainly seeing some of these things like you know death grip syndrome all right in case you don't know what death grip death grip syndrome is uh this is this is basically when somebody chronically masturbates so often and with such intensity that a normal sexual experience doesn't add up anymore so think of it like erectile dysfunction specifically caused by chronic masturbation and this is a thing it's like a slang term you know I mean this is a psychiatrist talking about it so maybe it's got even a little bit more credibility than just being slang uh but again this is a very real thing and you would be shocked at just how often guys actually experience this and then it takes some time for us to like rewire to like regular stimuli and so you know there are a couple of things like this but the short answer is like is it affecting us absolutely and the reason that we don't know is because pornography and sexually sexual sexually explicit and implicit material is evolving so quickly that we can't even study it like we can't study it fast enough okay this is an interesting point so and again he did actually say what I was saying earlier which is yes we know it's having an effect we just cannot quantify the exact effect it's having it's not predictable because the way it manifest is different from person to person that's what he was kind of saying earlier now what he's saying which is a very very good point actually pornography is changing so much so rapidly that even if we did take a snap snapshot of okay today's pornography we know that if people watch whatever it is x amount of hours or this often if they get exposed at this age here's the likelihood that these effects will happen the problem is that that content what's considered mainstream and normal today 6 months from now is probably going to be different so a colleague of mine she actually went through um hours she had a team I think even go through hours of mainstream pornography and again this was a snapshot but this was like back in maybe 2021 or 2020 and they compared porn um just your typical mainstream pornography to mainstream pornography like eight or nine years prior so like back in 2012 and what they found is that scenes that depicted violence or aggression in the earlier days of pornography were very low it was like 20% of mainstream porn has that wasn't the exact number don't quote me on that but it was it was a low amount but I do remember this number when she took that snapshot she and her team they vetted all you know hours hours hours of mainstream pornography 80% of mainstream porn depicted scenes of violence and aggression so this is this is a great example of this Dynamic that Dr K is talking about where that that study is actually very valuable because we can say wow porn has gained more violence porn has gained more aggressive this is why the cases are up amongst youth because they're getting it depicted in pornography and they're trying to play it out in real life so again like you can kind of see the the subplots they all intertwine here they all blend but to Dr K's Point what was mainstream even when that study was done you know um a few years ago 2020 2021 well if you fast forward a few years what's mainstream now has changed again but the one thing he's not saying is that that stat did not get any better like if it's 80% back then a couple years later it's probably 85 90% etc etc um and then you know again like the intensity of the aggression and everything else so make no mistake this is a progression that is getting worse we just can't quantify or qualify how much worse it's getting because pornography keeps changing and one more thing I'll just quickly mention this is what makes porn different from alcohol or drugs or that kind of thing I mean let's think about it alcohol has not evolved with time sure the flavors are different the way consume alcohol there's more opportunities now whatever but it's not like we're all drinking 80% alcohol today and back in the day we only drank 8% right like beer is still about 5 to 6% you know your typical shot is anywhere from 20 to 40% like the these these thresholds aren't moving as we consume more alcohol whereas with pornography the thresholds are changing these goal posts are moving and they're what there what's going to make this a much worse and worse addiction as time goes on here so so you know partners for a long time have been concerned that like oh if my partner watches pornography like it feels like they're cheating slight correction it is cheating it doesn't just feel like cheating and then like I think that there's an emotional component there's a parasocial component on only fans which is is going to exacerbate those kinds of feelings and the people who are like are vulnerable to them right so like it's completely possible that you know they majority of the population or maybe the minor I have no idea we'll be totally fine with you know someone donating a 100 or or purchasing I guess you know1 or $1,000 of content a month on only fans like some Partners may be like comfortable with that right cuz polyamory is also growing like open relationships are growing like there's the everything's changing so that could be fine okay definitely will not be fine um for a couple reasons number one there's tons of data now to suggest that polyamory is a dead end polyamory people who who go down that trail always end up in worse quality of life worse relationship situations they're more likely to engage in riskier Behavior I mean there's there's plenty of data to support that so the polyamory thing there's that's a dead end so there there's nothing there the other thing with only fans so um he's he's right like the parasocial component is there that's what makes people want to engage in only fans and that's what keeps them coming back but um again I don't I don't understand how like he he's being very neutral about this when I think we know for a fact that this is what keeps the addiction Cycles going um this has a negative impact on relationship quality and reported relationship satisfaction it doesn't just feel like cheating it is cheating it's it's somebody gaining their arousal and really getting those sexual desires met by somebody other than their partner so that that's not going to serve the relationship so this is it's interesting for him to be more neutral about something that actually even has data and research to back it up but at the same time I think that like the reason that only fans is successful is because pornography is evolved and what people have figured out is that like there's an element to pornography that's purely physical and it started off with a magazine right there's like zero interaction and then like how much will it prey on our brain if I get like interaction with that woman I can lust for a partic I'm just sort of thinking about the heteronormative here and a masculine perspective but you know if I if I'm a man and I'm lusting for a woman like looking at a Playboy magazine like that's fine but then suddenly like I'm able to interact with the woman I'm able to get the woman's attention like I'm able to like have more contact with her and we just saw from a post earlier today that like you know people can get addicted to Twitch and stuff because of these parasocial interactions so there's like the like you know what effect is it having honestly as a scientist the right answer is I don't know and no one does again that's just not true if he doesn't know that's fine there are tons of researchers out there who would suggest otherwise Dr he's he's passed away now but Dr Gary Wilson be a great example over you know 200 peer-reviewed published studies demonstrating the negative effects of pornography on the brain um there's a whole another subset on relationships there's another one on the physical body so again I I think I think if we maybe can can parse the words a little bit we know we have an idea of how negative the effects are but we actually don't have the full extent because pornography is evolving and pornography is changing the other thing is you know and he's he's a psychiatrist so he's going to come at this through more of a chemical physiological lens but you know if you think about it through more of the psychological and emotional lens why do people view pornography or why would somebody who's in a committed married relationship choose to watch pornography usually it's because there seeking out some sort of intimacy they want to feel wanted you know they're they're looking for something that is going to satisfy that need for connection and when you go to only fans and you sort of get this in-person interaction it actually really plays into our need for that and if you're in a sexless marriage or you're in a challenging marriage or you're just in a dysfunctional disconnected marriage only fans becomes a great option for that reason because it provides you intimacy with another person it gives you sort of the illusion of being wanted by that person and every guy fundamentally wants to feel desired and be desirable so I think that's another dimension to what only fans provides that makes it very very difficult for men to resist and at the same time we are clearly seeing signs of something is changing in our brains in the way that we interact with each other now I'm not going to be quite as doomsday as many people will okay now again Dr Gary Wilson his worth his work is really worth looking up your brain on porn and he identified four particular structural changes that happen to the brain when somebody watches pornography so that that statement is not quite right there is actually pretty good evidence everyone's like oh my God the world is coming to the end like like only fanss will be the the death of all relationships and I'm sure that someone out there believes that but I also think that you know the reason we stream on Twitch is because we can sort of Fight Fire with Fire right so like we can um we can people become addicted to Twitch and people can hopefully watch Twitch which I know sounds kind of weird to like help themselves not become addicted to Twitch it's bizarre but I I think that we can probably like we can teach people how to have healthier conversations and relationships I've done that before um in terms of like you know pornography and and only fans and stuff like that like how can you communicate with your partner because that kind of communication education like hasn't been available for most of the history of humanity yeah again I mean I don't know exactly what he's talking about um specifically like what those conversations look like but you know he mentioned like fighting fire with fire you can't do that with pornography use so you don't if you're addicted to pornography you don't you don't fight the fire with another Fire by watching less porn or different kinds of porn or whatever um the reason that you could fight fire with fire in the first place the reason that's even an expression is because fire needs oxygen and so if you have two fires and they both need oxygen eventually one snuffs the other out because they both need oxygen and they both kind of suffocate one suffocates the other but that's not the only way you can eliminate a fire right the other way would be to put a wet blanket on it or to put something that's going to basically stop it from gting oxygen that's how you quit pornography addiction you don't fight fire with fire you have to actually eliminate the the source and that's how your brain starts to rewire that's how you start to have healthier relationships that's how your life starts to get back on track you You Can't Fight Fire with Fire here you actually need to just put the fire out yeah this was a really interesting video uh love Dr K mad respect for what he does it'd be cool to have a conversation with him a little bit more uh about this one day because obviously we have some overlapping opinions and some different ones hey I I love to hear from you guys like what what do you guys agree with here what do you disagree with were there any questions that came out of this um you know obviously a very polarizing subject let me know in the comments I'd love to hear from you and if you are struggling with pornography and you're sick and tired of it you're ready to get your life back on track you're ready to get your relationships in order and you're ready to become the person that you were meant to be hit me up on Instagram we reply to all of our our DMS there they're always open I'd love to speak with you there see if I can offer a little bit more support hey thank you so much for watching make sure that you like and subscribe and if you really did enjoy this content I know you're going to enjoy this video make sure you check it out I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @rmslollypop4511 [1 likes]: This should get way more views. Very good and informative comments from you, especially the comparison between alcohol and porn consumption. A lot of people compare porn to "having a beer sometimes" but its just not the same.
  2. @rmslollypop4511: Can you elaborate more on why its cheating? Would love to see your explanation on that. Im of the same opinion btw. 

My partner is saying though "its through a screen. Theres no interaction. These women could never replace you, they are out of reach..." 

It is cheating though, it is lusting after other women, and imagining f***ing them or getting f***ked by them.
  3. @tromboneman4517: Hey Sathiya! I recently joined DeepClean and just wanted to say that despite still being very early on in the program, it’s already been tremendously helpful. You are doing God’s work man. May the Lord bless you and continue to use you powerfully to help men become who God made them to be. 🙏🙏🙏💪💪💪

- The Dark Side of OnlyFans: Psychological Impact on Women: Kind: captions Language: en only fans is a subscription-based platform it allows creators to share content with their subscribers launched in 2016 it has gained massive popularity users can share photos videos and live streams the platform became famous during the covid-19 lockdowns many turned to only fans for income when other jobs were lost it promised quick money for Content creators most of these creators are young women only fans is not just about adult content but the adult industry has a significant presence this has raised many questions one of them is the psychological impact on women who use the platform the rise of only fans has sparked debates some see it as a form of empowerment others worry about its long-term effects we will explore these impacts in detail the psychological effects on women using only fans are complex research suggests mixed outcomes some women report feeling empowered they enjoy the financial Independence it provides however there are negative aspects too according to a study from the Journal of sexual research many women experience anxiety they worry about privacy and the possibility of their content being leaked this constant stress can lead to mental health issues another concern is the objectification of women studies show that being constantly evaluated on appearance can harm har self-esteem women may start to see themselves only as objects of Desire this can lead to feelings of worthlessness moreover the pressure to create more explicit content can be overwhelming women might feel they need to push boundaries to retain subscribers this can lead to emotional exhaustion and burnout only fans can cultivate a sense of entitlement among women this attitude stems from the constant validation they receive subscribe ERS often shower them with compliments and money this can create unrealistic expectations in real life interactions the entitlement often leads to a sense of superiority women might start believing they deserve special treatment everywhere this can affect their behavior in Social and professional settings they might become less tolerant of criticism and more demanding furthermore the transactional nature of only fans can spill into personal relationships women may expect the same level of attention and gifts from Partners this can create unrealistic standards and strain relationships entitlement can also impact friendships women might prioritize their online personas over Real Life Connections this can lead to isolation and a lack of genuine support networks section four effects on men's dating abilities men also feel the impact of only fans the entitlement cultivated in women makes dating challenging men often struggle to meet the high expectations set by women this creates a significant imbalance in relationships studies from the Journal of Social Psychology show that men feel pressured they feel the need to match the financial and emotional Investments seen on only fans this can lead to financial stress and emotional fatigue the platform also skews perceptions of relationships men might start to see women as transactional partners this can erode trust and genuine connection the constant comparison to only fans interactions can be damaging men also face rejection more frequently when women have inflated expectations many men don't measure up this can lead to feelings of inadequacy and low self-esteem the cycle of rejection and comparison can be emotionally [Music] draining section five conclusion a comprehensive impact in conclusion only fans has a complex impact on its users for women it offers Financial Independence but it also brings anxiety objectification and emotional exhaustion the sense of entitlement developed through the platform affects their social interactions and relationships men face significant challenges too the high expectations set by only fans make dating difficult they struggle with financial pressure and emotional fatigue the transactional nature of the platform can erode genuine connections the psychological emotional and spiritual impacts of only fans are profound it is ENT itial to approach the platform with caution understanding its effects can help users make informed decisions the aim should be to find a balance that promotes well-being for all

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrJordan899: Qaund je vois c'est vidéo j'ai envie de me kill

- Best tools and apps for Onlyfans creators in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, if you're Only Fans creator or thinking of becoming one, this video is going to save you months of trial and error. I brought you eight essential tools to grow faster, earn more, and make your content look fire. If you're new here, my name is Kelvin, and I hope you are excited for this video because the tools I'm about to share with you has helped generate over a million dollars to creators we work with. Tool number one, Capot. So, if you're not using Capot, you're making life 10 times harder. It's free, easy to learn, and perfect for Tik Toks, reals, and YouTube shorts. You can use Capcup to easily generate auto subtitles, cut and share your videos faster to Tik Tok and Instagram and more. It also help you add trending sounds plus effects to your videos. This one little app will make your life a lot easier and your content much more likely to blow up. And by the way, Capot didn't sponsor this video. Number two, Snaptic. If you like to capture your videos on Tik Tok, you'll love this. You can use Snaptic to download videos without watermark. And this way you can easily upload to Instagram and YouTube without the watermark which will help you with your views. Number three, later.com. If you like to be efficient, you should definitely check this out because once you created and edited your content with later.com, you can schedule all of your content easily and auto post across all major platforms like Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, Twitter. You can also post while you sleep, literally. Tool number four, gears for your shooting setup. Social media is all about quality nowadays. And if you don't have a right setup like gears, lights, helpful devices to help you shoot content, you will not go viral. But don't worry, just a couple tools under $200 can help you create a viral content. You know, ring lights. Please buy minimum 18 to 22 in ring light. Don't save on here as it's going to help you a lot with content production. I put a link in the caption for you to check out. It's also recommended to buy RGB strip or pocket lights for VB backgrounds. If you want better content quality, you might consider buying a selfie vlog monitor so you can see yourself while filming. And by the way, we drop all the buying list for creators in our school group, but more on that in a second. Tool number five, Shin. You don't need to spend hundreds of dollars to look amazing. We tell all of our models to buy the essential clothes from Shin because it's cheap, it's cute, and you can rotate fists like crazy. Under 100 bucks, you can get clothes that will make you stand out. We've got a full outfit list inside our community, links for all the outfits and accessories that help our creators to go viral. All right, now that we got your marketing going and you are getting subs, let's extract some more money from your fans. Tool number six, Creator Hero. This is the only fan CRM tool we use every single day. Creator Hero will help you make more money from your existing fan base with a lot of lot of great automations. You can automatically send out mass DMs with fan names whenever they come online. You can also keep your vault organized and set up hot keys to sell to fans in the most convenient ways. You can chat with fans easier and make money faster with this only fans CRM. Tool number seven, fancy.com. Think of it as only fans little sister but with a for you page buildin. Only fans is way easier to pop up as a new creator because fencley can promote you to their user base unlike only fan does. We've helped creators hit 15K in two months with fencley alone. It's super effective and if you need help with it, just let me know in the comments and I'll create another video on it. Tool number eight, our school community. We created a private group just for creators. Inside you will get a full shopping list, step-by-step strategy to make your first 5K online only fans and also weekly update support from our team. And it's totally free. We're trying to help creators. So, if you're serious, this is your shortcut to your success. I attached a link below. Join if you like. And that's it. Eight tools that will take your only fans earning to the next level. If you thought this video is valuable or helpful, please leave a thumbs up and follow this channel. I will see you in the next video. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @politedemons: :face-purple-crying:

- Amazing Photo Editing Apps for OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys Tara from Sophia Gray here and in today's video we'll be sharing the eight most amazing photo editing apps for elevating your only fans content and skyrocketing your online presence reasons to edit your only fans photos editing your only fans photos is more about how to present yourself and less about conveying a certain image or making yourself look younger skinnier or more vibrant all bodies are beautiful but your only fan photos needs to Showcase more than just your curves you need to share your creative side build unique Collections and categories that let fans know that you're invested in providing top quality content adding watermarks is another important step in the photo editing process and protects you against thieves and scammers top eight photo editing apps for only fans there are countless photo editing apps out there to choose from but here's our list of the top eight for editing your only fans content bsco this is the best overall photo editing app with tons of filters to choose from and up to 10 presets VSCO offers basic editing capabilities and syncs your account across multiple devices afterlight if you're a pro at posting photos on Instagram you'll love afterlight this photo editing app offers all basic features plus 27 customizable filters seasonal filters for the holidays and advanced tools let you experiment with Focus lighting color and more Adobe Photoshop Express once you perfect your only fans photos this app helps you protect them in addition to standard editing and adjustment tools like contrast rotation and exposure you can also resize your photos add text overlay watermarks and save your favorite presets to apply to your future photos before we go any further here's a little bit more about Sophia Gray with the largest used panty Marketplace whether you're looking to sell your lovingly used items and sexy content or make your next kiky purchase please be sure to check us out now now let's jump back into the video Snapseed a great photo editing app for beginners Snapseed is easy and free to use a wide range of editing tools like cropping rotating and retouching makes this app fun to experiment with there are also plenty of flattering filters to apply and an autocorrect features for beginners Prisma producing quality only fans photos is all about creativity and Prisma is the perfect photo editing app for the creative mind this app comes with plenty of free presets and other tools for purchase one unique AI feature will even turn your portrait photos into illustrations camera plus if posting photos on only fans combines your two loves of Photography and making money then Camera Plus is the photo editing app for you designed for photography enthusiasts Camera Plus offers basic editing tools alongside Advanced features like Clarity and scenes plus various photo shooting modes like burst and motion to help you bring your only fans photos to life Visage are you a self-proclaimed selfie queen if so you'll love Visage this photo editing app is the best for performing quick selfie edits on the spot Vis offers a free subscription and two paid options the basic editing tools let you smooth out blemishes and flaws apply faux eye makeup and even whiten your teeth all with the Press of a button canva posting high quality photos on only fans that convert to subscribers is all about building your brand and canva is the photo editing app that can help you get there more than just an editing app canva is about creating a Vibe and building brand awareness canva is free to use and offers thousands of templates and elements to choose from you can easily resize your photos to fit different social media platforms like Twitter and Instagram and take advantage of the basic editing tools and filters only fans photography tips these amazing photo editing apps for only fans are only as good as the content you create this is why you should take notes of these photography tips for only fans have fun with filters but don't overuse them people appreciate the raw natural look use equipment like tripods and ring lights to create more diverse photos schedule time for photo shoots this helps you post consistently and shows a level of professionalism and of course be yourself your unique and beautiful individuality and creativity are what only fan subscribers are looking for most so there you have it the eight most amazing photo editing apps to help fine-tune your only fans photos and put your best foot and face forward if you still have questions or have tips to share leave a comment below if you found this video helpful give us a like And subscribe

- CapCut App Video Editing Tutorial for OnlyFans | Step-by-step tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en one of the number one things I get asked about as an adult Creator is how I edit all of my content and eventually I will even make a tutorial or some kind of video course on how I shoot it but for today I want to show you exactly how I edit all of my content right on the cap cut app on my mobile device so first things first download cap cut to your phone iPad or open it up on desktop and let's get into exactly how I edit open up the cap cut app on your phone and the first thing you're going to see is the opportunity to go to a new project button and you're going to bring in all the clips that you want to import into your editing session so I'm going to go ahead and select these six clips if you want to preview a clip before you import it you could just tap on the clip itself and it'll start autop playing so that you know this is the clip that you are interested in importing and then just drag down on the screen to minimize it again and see your Content Library as a whole then then in the bottom right there's a blue button that says add number of clips and then tap that to import them into your project the first thing I always do when I'm editing on cap cut is I reorganize my Clips in the order that I want them so to do that all you have to do is scroll through and you can kind of scroll through and scrub all of your video clips here but if you hold one down you'll notice they become individual squares and you can drag them in whatever order you want them to be in so I'm going to go to this first clip that shows me in the frame and I'm going to hold it down and drag it to the front because that's what I want to start my video with once you reordered your Clips exactly how you want them the next step is to trim or split or splice the clips exactly how you need them to be so if I tap on this first clip you'll see it gets selected with this white outline around it that means that clip can now be worked on and you'll see a whole bunch of options provided at the bottom that you can slide through in your editing process to make changes to that clip that you have selected so for this first clip what I want to do is I want to trim down the beginning to kind of cut out this beginning section where I'm like fiddling with my hair so how I would do that is I would take my finger on the thick like white column at the beginning of this clip outlined in white and touch it and then drag it inward until it's at the beginning where I want this clip to start and then when I see myself talking that's when I know I want the clip to be there and I'll let it go now this clip begins at that point another thing you could do is if I hold down and drag that back out I'll bring all of that back but I could scrub through and scroll through until I see where I want this clip to begin or start and right there looks good what I can do is I can hit this button on the bottom left where it says split and that will split my clip into two clips and then I can and tap on the beginning part highlight it in that white outline and at the bottom there's an option to delete that part that I just spliced or split off so I'm going to delete it both have the same effect it's just two different ways to kind of get to the same end game essentially once you have your clip exactly the length you want or you've split everything off that you don't want to keep then you have your clip the right size you're going to go do through that process for all of the clips that you have either splicing them or trimming them by dragging them to where you want them to begin start or stop and then you will be left with only the clips that you want included in your video now that I've got that all done we have the final clips that we are going to keep in the original content and we're going to kind of get to this more artistic phase of the editing process this is the very basic like trim your Clips reorganize your Clips um splice or split your clips and now we're going to go into what makes them kind of appear beautiful and give you that really nice polished product so the first thing is if you are new to cap cut or you haven't adjusted your settings at all yet you're going to see at the end of your video If you scroll all the way to the end that there's going to be this black um frame that cap cut automatically adds with cap cuts logo in the name so what I like to do is delete that frame or if you've gone into your settings and adjusted this it will no longer add that frame at the end which is what I suggest you do but once you've deleted that cap cut frame by tapping on it selecting it and then hitting that trash can icon at the bottom you're going to want to add a different ending to your clip so that it feels final and and good so what I like to do is I like to click this white plus sign at the right of my content timeline and then at the top right you'll see the stock videos option and I'll touch that and then right there slack in the middle is like black end frame and that's what I always select on pretty much all of my videos you can also do this with a white end frame or a translucent one if you choose in the bottom right you'll see an add blue button and I will touch that and if you scroll through your content or scrub you will see now you have a black frame at the end of your video this is where it gets really exciting and fun at the end of all of my videos I kind of give a fade to black effect which is what I'm going to teach you how to do now if you deselect the clip and it's no longer outlined in white you do this by tapping on it then you will see a white box appear between your Clips with a black line through it if you touch that white box it's going to bring you up all the transitions you can put between your Clips you can scroll through and try a lot of different transitions see what feels good but the one I most commonly use and always use um in my explicit content is this transition called mix if you tap that you'll see that it gives you kind of this cross fade or Fade to Black effect and then there's a scroll bar at the bottom that can make it longer and shorter depending how long you want the fade or the Cross Fade to take between your Clips or at the end frame of your video below this scroll bar you're going to see an option at the bottom left that says apply to all that'll apply this transition to all of your Clips in your contact or in the bottom right there's a check mark to save I like to do things really efficiently and optimize I pretty much use this cross fade of mix this transition on all of my uh Clips so I'm going to just hit apply to all in the bottom left and then I will click that right check mark at the bottom to save and now if you scrub through your content you will notice you have these beautiful cross Fades between each of your clips and it's starting to really shape up and come together now something else I do that a lot of creators ask me about is how I get my skin to look so Flawless in the content um how I get everything to be so polished feeling which this isn't necessarily what sells well this is just the content I like to produce so use this if it interests you and totally ignore if it doesn't but if you find a clip where you are in frame where there's a person in frame and you select that clip remember you touch the clip to select it and it'll become outlined in white and then in your bottom options at the screen there is an option that says retouch and you can select that option there are multiple ways you can retouch a clip cap cut has a lot of different options but the one that I apply to all my content and what I suggest you focus on is the body retouch tools if you use the face retouch tools you can kind of on occasion get that filter effect where it unfilter your face then refiltered body retouch tools and it's going to ring up a whole plethora of tools what I do is I just scroll all the way to the right I click on the smooth tool and then I will turn that up a bit and you'll notice my skin will automatically look more smooth and more polished and more even if you want to see the before and after all you have to do is hold the actual top image of your phone like where your actual picture is if you hold that down you can see the before and after of the tool being put into a effect so I'm going to click the bottom right check mark to save this if you are doing explicit content and you are featured in all of the clips of your content which when we're when I'm filming and editing I usually am typically I would hit the bottom left apply to all Clips um but since there's only one clip in this example I'm just going to hit that bottom right check mark to save now again if you touch the top of your content you can see a before and after and you'll notice that this looks very fluid and beautiful now the last thing I do to my Clips um what I'm editing is I'll tend to color correct or color adjust and cap cut has has some really beautiful filters that make this super super easy so if you hit the back arrows to get out of the body retouch and again make sure that clip you are working on is selected with that white outline you can scroll the bottom options until you see an option called filters if you tap on filters you're going to see a ton of options that come up to adjust the color or the way your content looks and you can kind of go through those and see which ones you love but for me I saved some to my cap cut shortcuts and I've typically used the one called clear it adjusts the video a little bit but not in any major way and I feel like it highlights my best features accentuates the color of my hair the color of my eyes and that's kind of where I tend to live when I'm editing my content but you can have a ton of fun with this you can use a variety of filters you can use the filters to set the tone and mood of your content if you're trying to film something spooky there's definitely filters that can accentuate that Vibe so you can have a lot of fun with this um once you found a filter you like if you want to save it to your favorite section in cap cut hold that filter down and then it'll go to your save section as a shortcut that you can use more quickly during your editing process now that you added a filter found one that you like you can again in the bottom left hit apply to all to have a lot of continuity across your content or you can just apply to one of your Clips by hitting the bottom right check mark I'm going to apply it to all and then I'm going to hit save now that we have this polished skin we have the color correction across all of our clips and we have this beautiful Fade to Black I feel like my content is pretty much complete this is really all that I put into my editing the only thing that I would change or that I could say I add on occasion is if I'm adding music into the content then I will adjust my clip length or the amount of Clips to kind of follow the beat or the rhythm of the music but for the most part to just get a clip cut together and to produce content as a new or veteran content creator this can really give you a majorly polished product um just going in with like a beginner level cap cut you know Insight some other things that you can do if you really want to spice things up if you tap on a piece of content and say you want it to pan in Zoom this is something I just recently started incorporating in content and I find it remarkably useful there are these little diamonds about Midway through your cell phone screen when you're looking at cap cut it's toward the right side and you can find them basically right here these little diamonds and if you tap one of those diamonds and then you scroll to another part of your content and you tap the diamond again that is going to add key frames for you and if you scroll like zoom in on your top image of your video like this Zoom by clicking and dragging or pulling right or left you can actually pan and zoom your content by just reorganizing where you want it to go so for this example I am going to zoom in and I'm going to slightly shift my video to the right side and then if you go back and you scrub or you watch your content play you'll notice that it will slowly zoom in and it will pan to the second diamond or key frame and you can incorporate this in a lot of ways when you're editing your content sometimes I'll catch something when I'm filming behind me in the room that I don't like or that I wish wasn't in the clip and I can't cut it out but what I can do is I can slow Zoom onto my body or myself in that clip and I can pan away from whatever I'm trying to leave out of that part of the clip so this can be a really useful tool for kind of navigating things that you accidentally filmed or didn't expect to get in the back of filming this I find very very useful once you've kind of gotten around understanding how to use key frames in your content you can also incorporate differences in speed for your content so I really love playing with speed especially if I'm filming a video that goes to music for example but if you select a clip and you want to adjust the speed at which it plays once it's outlined in that white box and you can see the options appear at the bottom you can click on the speed option there's a normal option and a curve option the left option that says normal just gives you the typical increased speed by 1X 2x 3 X kind of thing the option that I prefer is this curve option on the right if you touch it you can pick some of the the presets that it has which will give you a really cool sped up and slowed down effect but what I like to do is click on the very first option that says custom and then hit the custom button again and it gives you this edit ability or this edit capability to customize your speed and then you'll notice you can click on these circles and drag them up or down to change the way the clip plays in terms of the speed and it can be a really useful effect like I said again to match it to music or to slow down and accentuate a part of your clip or speed up and you know accentuate a different part of your clip you can get really creative with this tool once you've kind of sped up and slowed down all of the curves of your content to your likey you can then hit the check mark in the bottom right to save it and if you're not getting exactly what you feel like you need you can also take the timeline here and you can drag it to a place where you want to like add a different beat or add another Circle to add an adjustment in the top right where it says add B if you tap on that it gives you another point that you can adjust to speed up or slow down your content so you can really customize this to you know any extreme or exactly what you're trying to communicate in your clip and then you save it in the bottom right by clicking at check mark so now you will see we have this beautiful slow zoom and pan this transition and then we have this clip which slows down speeds up slows down speeds up and gives you just a lot of room to play and really get creative once you want to save that again bottom right check mark when you feel good about about it you can use those back arrows to get out of the speed settings and kind of see your entire um toolkit right there again at the bottom of the screen if you deselect a clip the tools at the bottom of your screen are going to change you're going to get different tools so you're going to get the option to add overlays additional effects ratio ratio is where you can change the the canvas of your content so if you want to reformat it to be 9916 vertical content this is where you would do that if you want to change it to be one by one instagram kind of square content this is where you would do that beyond that you can really just get in and experiment and play with all of these other tools there are a lot of capability to extract audio in this there's a lot of capability to add stickers if you wanted to and and just crazy effects and and things like that but for the most part I find that this is a pretty complete way of editing that doesn't involve a lot of you know major skills or major educational components and can still help you produce a very well-rounded very complete very beautiful and aesthetic video and I showed you literally in this little tutorial everything I use to make all my videos I don't mess with much in terms of um these other tool options at the bottom Beyond this so if you're looking to kind of create the kind of content that you see me creating this is literally all there is to it you are so capable and you can totally make this happen so get in there get on cap cut and have some fun creating I'll see you there see Squad

  Top Comments:
  1. @cruelalice [3 likes]: Easy to follow tutorial ❤ thank you  so much for sharing
  2. @Cheysworld. [2 likes]: Thank you! I struggle so much with editing
  3. @ethanramy [2 likes]: ‪Good afternoon gorgeous, thank you meltose for always being such a incredibly beautiful, inspiring, and absolutely gorgeous human being. Every step you take on this earth you make it ten times better. I hope you have a wonderful morning. Love you big time. ❤️🍻‬
  4. @Chelseablonde [1 likes]: This was everything, had so much resistance with editing until now🥺 thank you ❤❤
  5. @Mauuuudette [1 likes]: Omg thank you!! There’s nothing worse than when the face filter has a glitch 😂😂😂
  6. @OnlyMyOpinionsYo [1 likes]: Thank you so much!  The Key Frames thing and the reordering of clips is a game changer for me!  I was just trying to figure this out yesterday.   That key frames thing especially cause sometimes I do have things in my clips I dont want.  Excellent video tutorial!
  7. @kalamarie4878 [1 likes]: LOVE THISSSS, followed!!
  8. @TheGrannyPantyPodcast [1 likes]: Thank you!! I learned a couple new trick!!
  9. @AlbaRoseDomina [1 likes]: Thank you so much!!!
  10. @lauratommasone7378: This is very informative and easy to follow.  Thank you so much!
  11. @Chaos6991: You are amazing thank you so much!
  12. @YelizYasemin-ms9ms: 1:15 Avanco Social é imbatível para compra de seguidores e curtidas.
  13. @cassandrawycko5170: This was awesome thank you!!!
  14. @ЖеняКозлов-й3ь: Ты сияй, и будет всё как хочется. ❤😍

- Top 12 Tools I Use to Run My OnlyFans & Adult Creator Business in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Running a successful adult content business requires way more than just creativity. It requires and demands efficient tools that handle everything from scheduling content to content creation. And in this video, I'm going to unveil the software subscriptions that power my daily operations, explaining how each and every one of them contributes to my productivity and to my growth. So stick around to the very end of the video where I also reveal the single subscription software tool that every creator should not live without. I am super excited to share the tools and software subscriptions that power my adult business because managing a successful adult content brand involves juggling just multiple tasks. So that being said, you have to consider things like content creation, scheduling, audience engagement, data analysis, and over the years, I have curated a set of tools that not only streamline my productivity in these processes, but also enhance the ability to grow my brand. And whether you are a seasoned creator or just starting out, you need to understand that utilizing software can make a world of difference. This will walk you through each tool, explain the purpose, and highlight how it contributes to a seamless operation of my business. By the end of this video, I am hoping, fingers crossed, that you will have an understanding of how you can use these tools and how they can be integrated into your adult creator business and all of its workflows to make your business just easier and more welloiled and just less friction, you know? Let's lubricate it. Okay, so the first tool I want to talk about is my Motion AI Calendar. And I believe I'm paying somewhere around $25 a month for this tool. It's a little on the pricey side, but Motion is essentially an AIdriven productivity tool, calendar, call it what you want. It's basically a calendar, and it can do some cool things. So, it can kind of combine task management or a CRM with scheduling and a calendar and also project planning all in one platform. It automatically prioritizes and schedules or reschedules your calendar based on the deadlines of the tasks you still have to do or the things that are on your calendar. So, this is really cool because if you miss a task, it'll reschedule it in your calendar and it's the one thing I think that is very it's made me very aware of my time and it's helped me audit my time and dial in my time. So, I think that for that reason like motion has just been a game changer. We tend to overestimate what we can do in a day and underestimate what we can do in a decade. So motion AI calendar really puts it into perspective for me and lets me know and take accountability for every section or minute or second of my day. And it's in a really realistic way because it's by tasks and not just by events. Now motion has some cool features. You can coordinate with your team on it. You can build out projects. You can really dial it in as much or as little as you want to. And I think the fact that it has this automated AI running in the background that will reschedule your calendar if you get missed, you know, you miss an event or you miss a task. I think that's really cool because it kind of takes place of an assistant in some ways. The next tool, and I've talked about this many times on this channel, is a sauna. Aauna is kind of a CRM or task management tool. This is a tool that I cannot live without. Again, Asauna is a little bit more on the pricey side, but it's how I manage every project in my business. So, it's got project tracking. It's got the ability to monitor progress or set KPIs and goals. And this is how I communicate with my team. So, Sexwork CEO as a business is on a sauna. Um, my Melrose brand as a business is on a sauna. My personal assistants or executive assistants, they're on a sauna. pretty much everything I do lives and gets built out in terms of a workflow on a sauna. And the teams that I work with and the people I collaborate with on these projects, they move items through these workflows in a team setting that everyone can see and everyone can execute on. Now, the next one is Google Workspace. So, this is kind of your Google Drive, your Google Gmail, all of that. And obviously, we have that for the Melrose brand. We have that for sex work as well. Google, it kind of runs about I think mine's around $12 a month and this might change depending on what your needs are and the size of your organization. But Google Workspace is really useful because it offers all of the tools. You know, you've got Docs, calendar if you don't use something like motion, you've got spreadsheets if that benefits you in some way. I love a good spreadsheet. But it's a great way to collaborate with your entire team again in one space or one hub. And you can see edit history, you can comment on things, you can collaborate really well and really easily. And for me, just having that Google workspace has been a game changer because whether it's my sexing scripts that I used to write out manually or whether it's my videos that I'm planning like I can kind of organize all my thoughts right there in Google Workspace. The next tool that I use and this is more so currently on sex work side but it is applicable in your adult creator business that is repurpose. Repurpose AI is a great tool because you can create a piece of content and it will redistribute that content all of these social places. So if you make a real or a Tik Tok or a tweet or a podcast or what have you, it will distribute that automatically through a workflow to publish all those other places. So when we create a new podcast episode, for example, it will go through the repurpose workflow and publish and distribute to all our platforms. If I was to do an educational reel or educational short form piece of content, I could then put it in repurpose and have it published to Instagram, to YouTube shorts, to Tik Tok, and all the rest. It really helps you as a creator maintain consistency and maintain cadence within your business. And I think without a tool that can manage automation in terms of social media distribution, being a creator can get really hard. The next tool that I couldn't live without, this one is Zoom. So maybe for the average adult creator that doesn't manage a team or have virtual assistants or personal assistants or other side hustles going on, maybe this wouldn't be as useful. You know, there are free things like Google Meet, for example, where you could do video calls right there inside your Google Workspace. I just don't like Google Meets and Google Hangouts. Um, they don't cooperate with my PC and therefore I live and breathe on Zoom. And the best part about Zoom for me personally is we have an AI assistant that note takes for all of our meetings. And this is really really important because with Zoom taking notes, it helps me to keep track of what we discussed, revisit it, set tasks, set set and manage projects. Like Zoom is just a godsend. The next one, and this again is a pretty pricey tool, is something called Tweet Hunter. So, Tweet Hunter is a Twitter growth tool that kind of helps you schedule tweets, analyze their performance, grow your Twitter presence, and it kind of benefits adult creators in the way that you can do your audience or your fan management and engagement all in one hub, and you don't have to be on the app. So, I really like that I can reply to all my fans individual tweets, like them, retweet them, repost them, what have you. And I can do that on a dashboard versus going into the app where I tend to get distracted. I can also analyze their performance. And then there's cool tools in there for you as well. Not just that you can schedule and publish tweets, but you can actually like set up a workflow. So if someone retweets this specific tweet, I'm going to autodm them this specific message. So if you think about having a fan engage or retweet or repost something you've published on Twitter and then autodming them maybe a free trial link or something very cool like that, it becomes very handy. The next tool I love is Manny Chat. This is kind of like a secret sauce of a lot of like the coaching industry businesses, but Manny Chat is the tool that's in play when someone says, "Comment this word or comment this phrase on my post and I'll DM you this thing." Usually, it's like, "I'll DM you a free ebook or a free PDF or what have you." But you can apply that in your adult business. Vanny Chat is actually an Instagram approved third party. So you can incorporate that safely, however you'd like to help manage your Instagram platform and your presence and hopefully drive and funnel some traffic. The benefit I think really of Manny Chat is that you can schedule posts, you can funnel them to where they need to go and also like they just increase your salesunnel. Like you're going to get more fans and subscribers and it's just worth the investment. Then we have buffer. Buffer is where we schedule all of our social posts, redistribute them across platforms. This is where we schedule anything that isn't relevant or can't be done through repurpose. So, I do carry both those subscriptions. Then, finally, and this is a big one, I love and use Loom like crazy. I have talked to you guys about Loom a million times. Loom allows you to screen record your screen while you're going through workflow while recording your face on camera. So, if you've seen a lot of our GPT tutorials, um we're using Loom for those. And it's a great way to demonstrate how to do a thing while communicating and verbalizing about the thing. So, it cuts down time on meetings. It's great for having a tutorial or creating tutorials. It's great to show a personal assistant or a VA like the things they should be doing and have it documented. The next subscription I love is One Password. So one password is something that we've implemented across my teams also across sex co and it's a way to save your passwords and keep them secure and allow people to access them or access the 2FA codes. It's really useful for organizations that have many people or that have many teams but without it I really couldn't function. It is probably around like a $20ish a month subscription but it keeps us safe. It keeps 2FA on. It protects me as a creator. protects my pages and it allows my VAS to go in and help me schedule posts or upload content. So, very useful. Now, this last one I kind of talked about in our last tracking link video and that is Bit.ly. Bit.ly is a link shortener website or service where you can create tracking links and rename the back end of them and kind of see where your clicks are coming from. I carry the subscription because not every adult platform actually has tracking links. like only fans. You can go in, you can create a tracking link and you can see who's clicked it and if they subscribed. But the other platforms I'm on, Annivids, Sex Panther, Canensure, all the rest, they don't have tracking link availability. So to loophole that process, I carry a bit.ly subscription so I can create my own short links and then in the dashboard I can see all of their clicks. So it becomes very very useful. Now the last subscription I want to talk about and this is the most important one and that is GPTs.ai. I want to mention this because GPTs it it helps you do everything as a creator. Like GPTs is allowing you to write explicit video scripts in a fraction of the time. It allows you to create explicit captions for your fan sites, lock PPVs, only fans post, whatever posts and social media posts all alike. You can upload photos to it and say, "Caption this photo." And it can be a spicy photo. Like GPTs is going to help you with sexing scripts, how to reply to fan DMs, and help monetize them. It's going to help you do everything. And it's going to save you so much time and it's going to make you money. So, I think if there's any single subscription you should be carrying, it is by far by far GPTs.ai. So, I'm going to recap for you. These are all the subscriptions that I mentioned in this video. These are all the things I'm actively carrying. Motion Calendar. This is my calendar. It AI reschedules all my tasks if I miss something. Google Workspace. This is my Google Hub. It's where I get Google Docs, Google spreadsheets, Google Meets, and all the rest. Then we've got Repurpose. Repurpose is how I distribute content automatically in a workflow. Then we have Zoom. That's where I hold all my meetings and I have an AI notetaker in the background. Then I have Tweet Hunter. That's where I schedule all my Twitter content and how I set up automations in the DMs or or to auto retweet or autoplug something after it gets so many likes. Then I have Manny Chat. That's the Instagram tool that will autodm or auto follow up with someone based on the trigger that you set up. And then there's Buffer, another scheduling tool which most people are familiar with where you can schedule content across all platforms. This is how I bring my tweets from Melrose to Blue Sky to threads to everywhere that happens on Buffer. And then I have Loom. This is how I cut down on meetings and how I build out tasks or tutorials or how I teach my VAS or executive assistants how to do things. This way we have it documented and someplace people can refer back to. Then I have one password. This is how we store all the passwords. This is how we have 2FA turned on and keep everything safe and work with other people and other teams. And then we have Bit.ly. That's our link shortening tool. This is how we create tracking links for places where they don't exist organically. And then we have GPT's AI. This is where you're going to effortlessly organize, plan, create content, and so much more. GPT's AI can help you write explicit video scripts, caption your spicy site posts or social media posts. It can help you create sexing session stories or draft inspired replies to fans to keep them spending in DMs. It can also just help with business strategy. So tracking, you know, what kind of adult content is actually working or what kind of adult content is trending on the hub or other clip sites. You can ask it for real time internet pulled data like that and it can help you to sort all of it out. So whatever your spicy creator business needs, GPT's AI can help. Integrating these software subscriptions into my daily operations has significantly streamlined my workflow and enhanced my security, boosted my engagement, and it just been allaround better. So, if you found this video helpful, don't forget to like the video, subscribe to the channel, and also hit that bell notification so that you never miss any more insights to elevate your adult creator business. And before you go, I do highly, highly, highly recommend you check out GPTs.ai. The reason it's the most important subscription on the list is because it's the single one that will save you time and generate you the most money once you put it into place in your business. And you can sign up right now using the link in the description. Thank you so much for watching, CEO Squad, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ICIELYNN [7 likes]: Needed this and I love the skool group so much thank you! I also scream gptease to the top of my lungs every chance i get
  2. @kaailyntaylor [2 likes]: Thanks so much for all this amazing info! I'd be interested to know roughly what percentage of your SW income goes back into your systems and marketing? I'm trying to gauge how much I should be spending! Thanks so much girl, I've learned SO much from you and have rebranded and it's going pretty well! ❤
  3. @domme_vesper [2 likes]: Have you noticed that vertical videos posted through Repurpose gain less traction than those posted manually? I don’t have precise data on it but I felt like had better results by posting everything on my own. 

Also I found out that some of videos are not well synchronized with audio when reposted from TikTok 😢
  4. @juniorchavesopicassodeyahu988 [1 likes]: You are beautiful and attractive
  5. @sandraha582 [1 likes]: Thank you! Don't stress yourself too much. Life is too beautiful ❤
  6. @MsMachiavelli [1 likes]: Hi I'm a new subscriber, do you have any tips on how to build self confidence and overcoming self doubt? 

Thanks ❤
  7. @MyAsianFriend_com [1 likes]: Very useful tips.  Thanks.
  8. @olivialovesdesign: I’m 42. I was a high class (like super high end) escort in my early 20’s and again in my late 20’s and again early 30’s. I’ve done nothing since. Am I too old at 42? To do only fans? Most people are genuinely shocked when I say I’m over 35. I have two babies, and back at medical school after leaving DV. I’m studying clinical aesthetics. I’m like the level below cosmetic surgeon. I’m like a non-surgical dermatologist who can’t prescribe certain schedules of medications. 

But I need something to live. Whike I study!

I considered starting my own escort business. Managing high end ladies and gentleman. 

I also wonder if creating an only fans management agency would be an idea? 

I would love your opinion:)
  9. @ThePumpkinSpiceCafe: Thank you ✨
  10. @Cleaningwiththegoddess: Hey melrose do you have a tutorial on what app you use to edit your content? And how you edit your watermark onto your content and is that through the same editing app?
  11. @Vap0r_wav: What mic are you using?
  12. @jc78912: Any thoughts on how to use Manychat and Repurpose together? For example, I may want to use Manychat on an IG post but not on Twitter so the captions would need to be different as the IG post would have something like "comment with the word X" etc...   So Twitter would need a different caption?
  13. @jc78912: Is it against IG TOS to use Manychat to send a link to an adult platform like LoyalFans or OF? I know its risky to promote urls in bio but what about DM's? Thanks

- Best accounts, tools and apps to growth hack on Onlyfans | Ep. 3: Kind: captions Language: en Traffic. Now you see my Youtube thumbnails. I&nbsp; made that. For your menu you'll need that, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're making your banners you'll need Canva. Bad Bees. Hey everybody welcome to the Bad Bees free course for Onlyfans. It's the most comprehensive&nbsp; course on the internet right now and it's for&nbsp;&nbsp; those who are getting started or who are started&nbsp; and you're not really making the P you&nbsp;thought you was going to be making. You're not really making&nbsp; the money you thought you was going to be making. Boom. Episode 3. Accounts for Onlyfans. So I'm&nbsp; going to talk about the Onlyfans account structure you need in place. It's really&nbsp; good to get this organized beforehand, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; for things like Reddit. Which I don't want to&nbsp; get into too much but it's good to have an&nbsp;&nbsp; aged account. What you're going to need to split&nbsp;it into is: promotion and content. When you first&nbsp;&nbsp; make an Onlyfans what I talked about in&nbsp; episode 1 is very very important. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; click the link up there it's probably gonna&nbsp; be in the bio as well. Episode 1, referrals. When you make your Onlyfans account, who do you&nbsp; sign up with? That's going to be very important. I don't put my referral link in the bio because&nbsp; I personally don't want you to sign up&nbsp;&nbsp; on my code unless we've talked and I can help&nbsp; you. Because you can use that referral to your&nbsp;&nbsp; advantage. I don't want free money from someone I'm&nbsp; not really going to be there for when you could be&nbsp;&nbsp; getting free coaching and free promotion from&nbsp; anybody. Firstly, you make your gmail, right, brand&nbsp;&nbsp; new fresh gmail clean. On your new sim card please. It's just cleaner to have a new sim card, what we&nbsp;&nbsp; also want is from your Onlyfans you can make an&nbsp; Onlyfans free account. You're not going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; getting 5% referrals from that so don't&nbsp; get happy. This will just get Onlyfans free up&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we move into. Let's do content first. Okay&nbsp; for your content. I don't want to go through the&nbsp;&nbsp; equipment too much, your phone will do. The thing&nbsp; about content is they want to see is amateur content, okay, your Iphone will do. And these are the sort&nbsp; of apps that you need, okay? First of all you need&nbsp;&nbsp; something like Open Camera and Lightroom to make good content, edit a bit don't&nbsp;&nbsp; over edit it but edit it a bit, make it decent&nbsp; content. Something like VDSC Free Video Editor is something that you could&nbsp; get that is simple to use.&nbsp;I personally use DaVinci Resolve but&nbsp; you could use that as well to make teasers. It's really important if&nbsp; you're making teasers for a 15 minute video&nbsp;&nbsp; don't include just the first 30 seconds, do 10 seconds, 10 seconds start middle end. Boom. After that, another great tool that you can use is Handbrake.&nbsp; Handbrake is a video compressor and converter so&nbsp;&nbsp; when you have files that will be unnecessarily&nbsp; large for the platform, that is Onlyfans, because&nbsp;&nbsp; you no real point in uploading 4k&nbsp; quality to there. I mean you want it HD obviously when you're high quality but some files&nbsp; are just too large. And I think there's a three&nbsp;&nbsp; gigabyte size upload limit anyway so this will be&nbsp; useful in converting those videos. Very easy to&nbsp;&nbsp; use, free to download and fast. The watermarking. Again, I use DaVinci Resolve or GIMP. I'm not going to advertise apps that I don't really use&nbsp; but both DaVinci Resolve and GIMP are free. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; go into episode, the next episode I'll go into&nbsp; why watermarking custom content is so important. Next episode as well, I'm going to talk&nbsp; about removing metadata and exit data. Why you need a Bitly account&nbsp; and why you need a Lastpass account. Okay, so just bookmark them for now in the next&nbsp; episode I'll explain it. Canva. Canva is for making&nbsp;&nbsp; graphics. Now you see my youtube thumbnails, I made that. For your menu, you'll need that. Maybe if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're making your banners, you'll need Canva. They&nbsp; have a free version there's a paid version as well.&nbsp; My dog is getting mad. Inshot video editor so this&nbsp; is if you do not have access to a laptop you can&nbsp;&nbsp; still use your phone. Inshot is for apple. I'm sure there are other apps out there for your phone. Cut, edit, trim, add text, overlay,&nbsp; which is for your watermarks.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right. Metahashtags, so this is free and, I&nbsp; think there is a paid version, this is for&nbsp;&nbsp; your Instagram hashtags. Now this is going to come&nbsp; up more in my content episode as well but hashtags&nbsp;&nbsp; are very important and what I love&nbsp; about Metahashtags, if I just show you. So I'm currently working with a colleague who&nbsp; is. Currently working with a&nbsp;&nbsp; colleague who is 'BBW' and obviously when you&nbsp; are on Instagram. Instagram is a B***** by the way very difficult to navigate. But the thing about&nbsp; Metahashtags is when you type in the hashtag&nbsp;&nbsp; it will also give you all the ones like it but&nbsp; it's also going to give you hashtags and tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; if they're banned. Do not use them, you'll&nbsp; be put into a bubble. More in to that on&nbsp;&nbsp; the content. But Metahashtags is a good good&nbsp; bookmark to have. What you should also have is&nbsp;&nbsp; Imgur. Gfycat accounts. Okay, you're going to use this for Reddit. I keep going to the keyboard there on my laptop when i have a keyboard here. Cool, another&nbsp; main one that you're going to need is Hootsuite. Hootsuite, now this is paid but it's going to&nbsp; be incredibly useful when you're scheduling.&nbsp; You get a 30 day free trial so don't sign&nbsp; up until you're ready to start scheduling.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just milk the most out of it, you know what I mean? LaterForReddit, another paid one but invest in&nbsp; yourself man. That scheduling episode is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be very important and these tools used to your&nbsp; benefit. Promotion boy boy boy promotion promotion&nbsp;&nbsp; Other than good content, your second&nbsp; friend is going to be promotion. Now, I'm going to split promotion into&nbsp; social media, your dating sites and other stuff here that is gonna&nbsp; be blurred out but you get the idea.&nbsp;&nbsp; For this stuff here, you need to be either posting&nbsp; teasers, commenting on other people's things so&nbsp;&nbsp; people see you they come to that page. They link&nbsp; to your page. On the dating sites, listen spend&nbsp;&nbsp; and i'll go into this more in the scheduling&nbsp; episode, but go into it 10 minutes a day. Swipe. In the bio, link your twitter or&nbsp; Instagram people go on to that they'll find&nbsp;&nbsp; your Linktree and what will happen is they'll&nbsp; find your Onlyfans. Now, yes they're on that&nbsp;&nbsp; site for dating, I know. So don't tease them, just&nbsp; like them, get the traffic because they may turn&nbsp;&nbsp; into hundreds of pounds or hundreds of dollars&nbsp; for 10 minutes work so it's worth doing. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; driving traffic to your page, just swipe if you&nbsp; get Tinder global, you can get anyone anywhere. Obviously if you're starting out, think&nbsp; about that, Tinder does need your location. And the big ones social media all right. So this really deserves its own sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; episode which coincidentally I'm actually&nbsp; doing. Instagram, you really need to&nbsp;&nbsp; post really soft soft stuff on here and use&nbsp; the Linktree in your bio. Do not risk&nbsp;&nbsp; posting your Onlyfans. It's not worth it to get it&nbsp; shut down just keep it in your in your Linktree. A Linktree is a link with the landing pages with&nbsp; all your links. You should know what a Linktree is. I'm sorry that was rude. You're here to learn&nbsp; and I'm just being very rude. I'm sorry, it's what&nbsp;&nbsp; 9:40pm. I'm being a bit short with you. Cool Next. Twitter. When you go on to Twitter&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you sign up to not-safe-for-work on the setting. This is just so that your account doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; get banned. So they know to put you in that NSFW bracket. Another thing about Twitter, do not use the hashtags. Just write in stuff. The&nbsp; stuff that you got from Metahashtags. Write it in. Twitter is brilliant for networking and&nbsp; I might get into that more and more. But there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of information and videos on people and that&nbsp; network. Been going to groups, got into drops emoji. Basically people just retweeting, liking and favouriting each other's stuff. And just colossal amounts of spam that&nbsp; will lead to people finding your page. Next up. Tiktok. Tiktok. Fun, sexy. The algorithm is crazy. Insane for people to find you. Be funny. Be interesting. Let them know you're&nbsp; kind of naughty because you can link to&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, link to your Onlyfans. Tiktok, the algorithm is really nice and loose it will get&nbsp;&nbsp; you there. You'll get the followers fast, you'll&nbsp; seem fun. Show your personality. Personal porn. Reddit. Reddit is a beast in itself. Reddit is a different beast because a lot&nbsp; of people aren't on it. Wow that was wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of. There are millions of people on Reddit but&nbsp; if you're on the whole Twitter, Instagram vibe, you&nbsp;&nbsp; may have just skipped the Reddit revolution and&nbsp; not realized it was there. I didn't . I had to learn.&nbsp;&nbsp; Listen. I'll go into this in more&nbsp; detail and there's videos I'll link to&nbsp;&nbsp; by other creators on here because I'm all&nbsp; about sharing the love, sharing the views.&nbsp; It's a really good platform. Okay the next one I&nbsp; have to shout out is MarketingWithDom The link is up there. Now this guy introduced&nbsp; me to the concept of Telegram groups there's&nbsp;&nbsp; all these groups where people are shouting each&nbsp; other out on their free Onlyfans free Instagrams on their twitters. You can only get into these groups&nbsp;&nbsp; by invite only. Okay if you want to know more right&nbsp; go to Dom. He's launching new stuff on his page every day so you&nbsp;&nbsp; better subscribe to him. In the next episode we're also going to go through&nbsp;&nbsp; security. The types of things creeps can do to&nbsp; get your stuff. Alright, so see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hellohiihello [5 likes]: I really appreciate you putting this information out there. I’ve learned a lot from your channel ☺️
  2. @badbees1769 [3 likes]: What are some apps, tools or programs that you use?
  3. @StevedeGuzman: these trolls have hijacked your page🙄
  4. @Miss_Harper: Thank you for these  videos  ... I have  been  watching them and learn  heaps  about many things i had no  idea  :)
  5. @loreanhalsey4332: "IN. MY. CONCLUSION. THIS. IS. WHAT. PEOPLE. USE. AM. I. RIGHT?"
 "MOB.MODZ.BAR"

"WHAT. IS. THIS. SONG. USED. IN. THE. VIDEO?"
CERTIFICATED
  6. @downsberlin1102: "IN. MY. DISCOVERY. THIS. IS. WHAT. PEOPLE. USE. IN. 2021. RIGHT?"
"T.Modz.Bar T.Modz.Bar T.Modz.Bar T.Modz.Bar"
BY. THE. WAY. THIS. SONG. IS. A. CERTIFICATED. CLASSIC.

- PSA: SOCIAL ANXIETY (ADVICE FOR COPING & HELPING FRIENDS!): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys what's up it's me Indie and so today I really wanted to talk to you guys about something actually I'm going to take I'm going to take this off cuz it's kind of hot I wanted to talk to you guys about something that is kind of ruining my life a little bit or L I made notes because this is kind of a long topic and I've got a lot of talking points and I don't want to forget anything so like I've literally got so many this is probably going to be a really long video so I apologize but also there's a lot to cover here so let's talk about anxiety what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anxiety like why is it such a problem for some people anxiety is basically when your flight or fight response is triggered and for some well for most people that can happen during like a lot of different things you know if there's a big test happening or you know life or death kind of situations or like something really high stakes that kind of thing that's when anxiety is normal and helpful and it's what helps us do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we need to do sometimes that we otherwise wouldn't be able to but when anxiety starts to come on there's a few things that start happening for people and when it's a flight or SP fight response flight or SP fight response flight or fight response it's really you don't really notice it I mean like you do but clearly it's not like the Forefront of your mind like you're not really paying attention to like how your body's feeling you're just trying to do that thing but but when it happens what usually at least for me this has been my experience and a few other people that I've discussed so I feel fairly confident that this is relatively normal so when anxiety starts to come on you start getting an increased heart rate your palms start getting sweaty like you start like shaking a little bit sometimes like that's where the phrase shook comes from by the way it's like you're shook like meaning you're literally shaking meaning anxiety meaning like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's what that means Palms are sweating knees weak arms are heavy there's vomit on a sweater already mom spaghetti he's nervous but on the surface it's calm ready to drop bombs but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down the whole crowd goes Al loud he opens his mouth but the words won't come out he's choking now everybody's joking now the clocks run out time's up over plow snap back to reality oh the go grab okay um where was I oh yeah that verse I just casually wrap some M&M just that was probably really bad though I was not prepared for that I just totally W that I just totally W that right there it was not not planning to do that arms are heavy wait palms are sweaty knees weak arms are heavy there's vomit on a sweater already like that's another thing that happens when anxiety comes on vomiting happens a lot that's why in like TV shows and stuff if like something big happens and a character is like freaking out and then like throws up that's making a joke about anxiety because they like freaking out and they're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got to throw up now and like same so that's normal anxiety that's what you're supposed to get you're supposed to feel those things when there's life or death situations happening or really high stake stuff but when you have an anxiety disorder you get all those feelings during times when it's not so high Stakes or it's not life or death but the problem is like you logically know that like if you're the one having that anxiety come on you logically know the fact that there's a guy walking across the street right now is really not actually a life or death situation you're fine probably and I mean if a life or death situation happened that's when it would have to kick in but because you probably had terrible previous experiences they might have started that way now that's when you see something like that that's going to be a trigger and you're going to be like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this other terrible thing is going to happen next so I got to be prepared even sooner so I can just be ready to like get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here or whatever and that's how your body is thinking that's like what your body is preparing for because you see things when you have a mental disorder like this you see things through a lens you see everything purely based on your past experiences or the way that your disorder makes you interpret things and so it's really hard to distinguish like engage a situation sometimes when you have a problem like this I struggle with this like constantly I can't go into big crowds I can't go to parties parties are not not my thing I like just more than 10 people is like a lot for me and I mean logically I know I'm going to be totally fine I'm probably going to have fun it's going to be great but I mean like it's still just like super nerve-wracking and when my anxiety is super bad like it has been recently like even seeing one person especially if it's someone I haven't seen in a while or it's someone I'm not super super close with or something like that's just I literally start vomiting because it's just so overwhelming and it's really unfortunate because logically I know it's fine but no matter how much I tell myself like you're fine you're fine it doesn't matter your body doesn't listen to that you know like once it starts it's pretty hard to like get it to chill just by saying like you're fine there's nothing wrong happening there if that's not going to help like it's just not I wish it did but it's just not that will help when you don't have an anxiety disorder and you're freaked out about a test or something and your friend's like hey dude you'll be totally fine you've got this like you studied you're good you're just having like you're just stressed out like it's fine that's one thing and in that case that probably would help but if you're someone who has like social anxiety like me and I'm going over to see a friend or something or I'm going to a party and someone's like hey like there's nothing to worry about like you're totally fine like there's no reason to freak out like you don't need to be worried blah blah blah and it's just like I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know that thank you I'm aware that's not the problem like that's my little social anxiety introduction and now I'm going to talk about how it's really impacted me and honestly how it probably impacted like our little Community here which I do really want to apologize for because until I went to treatment I wasn't aware how big of an issue it was and I wish I had known sooner because then I would have been able to address it sooner and I wouldn't have come off as such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I know I did and I still do definitely it's kept me from doing like so many things I desperately wanted to do and still want to do it stopped me from having meetups with you guys all these years it stopped me from traveling it stop me from different job opportunities or just opportunity opportun opportunities just different opportunities in general like it's just so crazy because it doesn't matter how much you want these things like if you don't have a grasp on your social anxiety and you're not aware of what's going on and you can't name that and be like it's just my social anxiety it's my social anxiety I still want this there's not actually anything bad happening I still want this it's just my social anxiety telling me all these things like unless you can do that and separate your social anxiety from your actual wants and needs like it will really hinder your whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life like it really will and that's the other problem is it's not really addressed it's not really talked about it's really a thing that's swept under the rug most of the time and so people don't know how to address it because they aren't aware that they even have it that's why I'm making this video because I just want to inform at least my little group of people so that hopefully you guys can inform others and then we can spread this information and more people can just be more considerate of anxiety and understand like what's going on when someone starts acting super [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird or like has to just dip the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of a place or just like disappears or doesn't text you back or whatever it is like now you know why that is and then you can hopefully just take everything with a grain of salt and a little bit of understanding and just try and put yourself in that person's shoes before you make a judgment or react aggressively or negatively or anything so that's why I'm making this it's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard to stay connected to people it's hard to make phone calls if you're on the phone it's really hard to like know what you're going to say it's hard to like have like full interactions with people because you're over like you're just talking on the phone and like you don't have like the whole facial thing happening there which is why texting is really nice actually because of emojis and stuff and personally why I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate phone calls and unless you are literally my girlfriend that's the only time I really like doing phone calls otherwise like it really just gives me so much anxiety and I would rather you just text me because that way I'm actually going to respond I'm actually going to be able to have an actual conversation with you cuz I'm not going to be just having a bunch of anxiety the whole time you cannot predict everything like you're not just talking to a camera you're talking to another person who will respond to you and you cannot predict what they're going to respond the thing about anxiety is it comes with a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] paranoia and that's another thing that makes it really difficult about about staying connected with people is a lot of the time this paranoia will make you think that they hate you everything you do is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid and annoying and everyone hates you and they don't want you to be here and that's why they haven't texted you or called you or anything and so you should probably just leave them alone and never talk to them again because they hate your guts and if you talk to them they'll make fun of you even if it's your best friend that you talked to yesterday like it doesn't logically make any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense but that's kind of the point and I think why people call us crazy it doesn't make any sense it really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doesn't it does not to like it it's stupid and annoying and there's not always a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Rhyme or Reason for it sometimes it's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chemical imbalance in your brain and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens and your brain [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you and tells you things that you don't want to hear like all the time on repeat and eventually that's going to get to you and you're going to probably take it seriously and be like yeah they probably [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do hate me so I'm just going to not talk to anyone because they hate me so why would I text them why would I be the person one to reach out why would I you know make an effort to go see them and stuff it'll probably just end up badly anyway you know that's like the thought process that kind of happens at least for me the other thing is if you have plans or something and a panic attack sets in plans are just done plans just got killed that's why people with social anxiety tend to be really flaky and cancel plans a lot and stuff because panic attacks set in or the anxiety gets really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bad and it feels like it's going to turn into a panic attack you really cannot focus on anything else at that moment if you're on the verge of a panic attack or having one actually I think I'm probably going to do a different video on panic attacks this is just going to about anxiety just because I feel like panic attacks are a whole another thing especially for me because I'm also diagnosed with um post-traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder so got like a lot of things happening sometimes it makes it impossible to leave your house because you don't know if you're going to run into someone you don't want to see or someone that hates you or you just don't know what'll happen anything could happen that's the problem like you don't you can't predict that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so I mean like that's just like you cannot prepare for that you can prepare for staying at home and watching TV all day though you can prepare for sitting on your computer and working all day you can prepare for watching your pets you can prepare for cleaning the house but that's only going to take you so far in life and I think that's for me been like the biggest struggle is because that's my comfort zone like that is definitely my comfort zone and I have a really hard time pushing myself like past that comfort zone but I'm really trying I mean like you guys have been with me I've moved out a few times and it's been like good at first and stuff and then I like shut down and and so I think at least for me I've learned I need to live alone so I can have my comfort zone I need like my own safe space where I can go and have my panic attacks and have my anxiety and stuff and there's not going to be anyone the and at the same time I need to be able to like have friends over and like live my life you know because I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm 21 I'm almost 22 and I haven't even gone to a bar to drink or anything because my social anxiety is so bad like I haven't gone out to any clubs I haven't like I haven't done any of the fun things like I really haven't like I've I've bought weed that's it it scares the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me that many people in one place like you just don't know what will happen but I mean I want to apologize for you to you guys about that too because I've promised meetups like quite a few times and it's something that I really really really want to do because I just think it would be really fun I mean I would have to do it in a very safe and planned out way just because of my stalker situation which by the way I have not heard from him since I got out of treatment so it's been about 6 months but I mean that's been a while but I still I'm not comfortable enough yet with that whole situation it's something I really want to do and I want to work towards it and so I'm hoping that once we get my YouTube bigger and like actually more set in stone and I've actually been doing this for more than just like a month or half a month I really want to do some meetups with you guys I really want to do just like I just want to hang out with you guys because you guys are super cool and like you've helped me through a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton and honestly part of my like huge anxiety about meeting you guys is that I'm going to just disappoint you that I'm not as cool as you think I'm going to be and that I I'm going to show up and I'm just going to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick because of the anxiety and I'm going to just go puke and then I'm going to have no fun and everyone's just going to be really disappointed in me because I just got sick and had to go go and then everyone's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate me those are the thoughts that go through my mind when I think about having a Meetup I really enjoy YouTube because I feel like it gives me a place to speak where people are going to actually want to hear what I'm saying and they'll actually be able to listen to what I'm saying because you know it's just like an uninterrupted video of me talking to you guys and the other thing I really enjoy about talking to you guys through a video format is you get my voice which has the inflections and everything because I'm really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sarcastic and I joke a lot and I make terrible jokes and I'm like my sense of humor is really bad and also I get really passionate about things and then it makes it seem like I'm pissed off or being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or something and that's like really not the case like I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excited and then I like get hyped and I get loud and I like get really aggressive about it because I'm just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes let's do this like let's do this thing like I'm so stoked but then I'm like okay need to chill people don't get it but that's what I like about YouTube is that I can be that way and you guys are going to see that instead of it coming through through a text format plus you've got like the body language and everything you got the facials you got like all the stuff stuff that goes along that's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important for communication you need to have face-to-face communication of some kind some kind even if it's over the Internet face to-face conversation is really the way to make a connection with people which is why I wanted to do to YouTube because then I can make a real connection with you guys which I feel like I've been lacking on since I stopped camming is is something I really enjoy but it doesn't doesn't necessarily attract the kind of people I always want around me it's not always the most supportive group of people and so that's why I'm just really excited about being part of YouTube now and you know working on creating our cute little community and we need to think of a name for it think of a name for it guys what should we call ourselves tell me drop a comment below if you can think of a cute name for our little crew I'd love to hear it now here's some really important stuff you guys should know here's what to do if your friend has anxiety because I know that happens a lot like I know for me like being in treatment I've seen a lot of friends who have anxiety and you're like oh my God like I all I want to do is help them but I don't know how and I don't know if I'm going to make it worse you know and so here's just my advice for trying to help out a friend create a safe word with your friend like Panic or help well maybe not help cuz that could be whatever banana something just something where you guys know that that is your word for when your friend is getting really bad anxiety or they're starting to get triggered or something's going down and they need to like remove themselves from the situation and go calm themselves down and deal with their anxiety that way you guys can communicate without anyone like without making a big deal about it you can just be like hey banana and you guys can like go dip off to the bathroom or dip off to the car go find a private spot where you guys can just like talk you can have like a space for your friend where they don't feel like you know but I mean also ask them where they feel like they want to go because sometimes like a car or a bathroom might be like a bad spot for them so figure it out with them you know figure out a safe word figure out a go-to spot um figure out like just talk to your friend that is the most important thing is just talking to them beforehand and figuring out a plan for if that kind of thing happens ask them what they need you know don't be like don't smother them but at the same time you know like just quietly be like hey like are you okay like how are you doing like what do you need is there anything I can get you like water or like a pillow you want me to go like you want me to give you some space like what do you need for me do you need me to put like a movie on like some tea like what what do you need you know that's really like for someone with anxiety having a friend that can do that for you when you're having a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] panic attack I promise you you're going to be that person's best [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friend like guarantee it cuz they're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love you if you can do this right major thing to remember don't raise your voice keep a soft voice keep a soft friendly tone don't sound angry don't get angry don't yell definitely do not yell like you know just keep a soft voice like if you're talking to a kid almost but you know don't talk down to them at the same time just you know keep a voice like this like if you were leading yoga or something try and keep the vibe really chill and just bring down everything else because if you're someone with anxiety and you see someone else getting anxiety that's just going to like raise your anxiety because if there's somethingone with anxiety and then your friend gets anxiety from your anxiety your anxiety is going to go up and then your friend anxiety is going to go up and then your it's going to just keep getting worse you see what I mean so as a friend who is either not having the anxiety or panic attack or as a friend who does not have anxiety disorder it's your job to try and like create a calm environment for the person that is having that problem to create a calm environment ask them if they want things light or dark usually doing like candle lighting and stuff's good or just like soft lighting of some kind like kind of natural lighting or soft lighting or you know if they can't do light at all just lights off like no lights but sometimes that can also be a trigger for people so again talk to them you know give them some blankets I mean unless they're too hot and then but like make sure there's blankets nearby cuz sometimes you go through hot flashes where you're like hot and cold you need blanket and then you like too hot for it pets really help pets are great great distraction for when you're having anxiety it's a good thing to pet um if you've got any fidget Spinners or you've got slime or putty or something like that that like want of some kind of thing for your hands to fidget with give that to them that will help cuz that's literally what those toys are designed for see if that helps and just make sure you don't tell them that they're fine and nothing's wrong because that can be kind of belittling about their problem and their issues they're having just be like hey it's okay I understand you you're just having anxiety right now I mean it's hard but it comes in waves it'll pass it'll get better you like it's hard right now this sucks but it does end you know so you can say that things are going to get better without being like hey there's nothing wrong cuz that's just like totally just wiping out what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're feeling in the same breath that you're trying to make them feel better the most important thing you can do for them is try to distract them get them laughing get them smiling you know if they're in a spot where they can communicate like that um you know just try and like tell them a funny story or something something something light just you know just keep things light and try and tell them like just like a funny story like a puppy fell down the stairs and like he was fine he like rolled over and hit his other puppy brother and whatever I don't know you know read Winnie the Poo just something calm that'll make them laugh or smile or get like a physical response from them that is counteractive to the physical reactions that anxiety causes you know cuz when anxiety happens you're just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you kind of shut down and so if someone makes you laugh you're just like you know like laughing is naturally relaxing so getting someone to laugh when they're anxious is probably the best thing you can do so now here's what I do when I get anxiety find a person find a friend that will do all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for you and if you don't have a friend like that there are um online support groups and stuff and I know that's not the same as having someone in person but make that a goal for yourself to go out and find that person and if you can't go out and find a therapist D DBT therapists are super awesome and they are on call for the most time at a moment's notice so you could search for one of those you could search for a personal care assistant if you are in that position where you need that but you know just find someone who you can communicate how you're feeling with and who you can kind of like depend on when you need to got this tank top is like awesome but also kind of cutting into my arit chug chug fin a say safe person if you can't find a safe person find a safe place quiet alone safe comfortable it's like your domain your area if you can't do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] create one lock yourself in a bathroom lock yourself in a car find a hotel just something where you're like this is mine and I have control over this area soft lighting whatever your choice either make it quiet or put on soft music or something like meditation music's great there's tons of meditations um here's um Insight app that's what I use for my meditations and there is like literally thousands and thousands of meditations that have been recorded and tons for anxiety and just all that kind of stuff so it's awesome check it out blankets are good so if you want to make your car your safe SP put some blankets in there just like create a little like emergency pack for yourself you know that kind of thing so you just can be prepared like get if you have medication put your medication in there you know just whatever put like a cliff bar put some water whatever you're going to need you know if you're at home and you start having a panic attack I find it's really helpful to turn on like kids shows kids shows are super great um especially ones that are really funny and you know if you're like into it or you know put on anime if you're more into that or just like something funny turn something funny on TV something light and something that will kind of get your mind off things that you can kind of zone out on also if you've got any pets around bring your pets close or if you don't have any pets and you want to look into getting a therapy Companion Animal definitely do that I like highly suggest that I've got so she's she's my only official therapy animal actually no I did get miso registered so I've got two I've got miso and soul they're both my therapy pups and they're amazing dogs especially have innate intuition about when people are upset or need like comforting and so they're just super great about it and lastly make sure you've eaten something and you've hydrated cuz that's all is something that can set off anxiety if you haven't eaten for a while anxiety will happen if you haven't drank water for a while and you start getting dehydrated anxiety will happen especially if you have an anxiety disorder it can happen for people that don't but again really common if you have an anxiety disorder if you guys want to help me out with trying to combat my anxiety or my social anxiety anyway my anxiety in general is a whole other shing shing shing why can't I talk today what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why it's a whole other thing though so if you guys want to do a Meetup just keep liking my videos comment below just you know like really be interactive on my channel and show me that you guys want to do a Meetup with me and you guys want to create a community here because I'm really excited about it and I want to do it but it's also about you guys so I'm really hoping you guys also want that I just want you guys to keep sharing your thoughts and feelings about everything on the videos and I want to keep sharing my thoughts and feelings with you guys so I want to keep making more videos like this where I just talk about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's like really important to me and if you have any input or advice for anyone who's dealing with anxiety or friends of people who have anxiety drop it below I would love any other input like new ideas for dealing with anxiety are always helpful and always welcome so yeah but that's it for today I hope you guys enjoyed the video bye see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @charliebuck831 [2 likes]: I can't get outside my own head or take my focus off my own thoughts of playing out everything in my head before after and during it happening
  2. @ztheg_ [2 likes]: Community name: Indys army
  3. @jpeterman2028 [1 likes]: I thought I was the only one who had anxiety from phone calls. You also described other things I'm familiar with, but never recognized as anxiety. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @nlimalim [1 likes]: Still struggling with my social anxiety. Thank you
  5. @probie2460 [1 likes]: Panic attacks suck. Good tips. Need you as a friend. Thanks for the video.
  6. @BenBuckAtomSpaceCowboy: @3:09 Hey Cocoa where's the Cinnamon with no long intro. Anyhoo anxiety PTSD. Kind of like how a Male always should have a little anxiety fear asking a Hottie like you. I'm the Caveman Jungle days, a Male who approached a taken Female would be killed by the other Tribesmen or the Ladies would ostracize never to procreate. Same Difference here. But just gotta try. "You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretsky.
"Confidence is gained doing something you fear most and be successful at it." - unknown learned it door to door sales.
Can you ice skate or roller skate Indy being from Seattle?
  7. @Webideo: I never knew anything about anxiety attacks or social anxiety before and never had anyone explain it to me before.  I can remember times when I experienced something of an anxiety attack several times over the years, but I didn't know what it was.  After watching your video, I am sure that I will be better able to deal with anxiety and will be more helpful to others that have anxiety attacks.  Good video Coco.  Lol.  Love you.
  8. @JonJWWest: I'm selling my business so I can take a vacation (Seattle) Maybe ??/
  9. @JonJWWest: Thanks!
  10. @samsomething547: Great video. I just shared it with a few friends to try and explain what I'm going through.
  11. @matthewsteinle5268: I flake out a lot with my friends being paranoid with my own head playing tricks with me, heck I tried to go to the state fair and that was a nightmare in it self I know what your going through. I commend you for coming on camera and sharing your experience keep the videos coming.
  12. @a.d.r.m.7730: Sorry for the rant:
My social anxiety is still such a weird b***h.
I suck at doing the most mundane things like portraying myself in a confident manner during job interviews. I always rehearse what I want to say beforehand, I try to present myself in a confident manner, but my goddamn anxiety makes me come across as less confident or less prepared as I need to portray myself as. I'm also certain it's one of the contributing factors, if not the main contributing factor, that has cost me from getting various job opportunities in the past. However, I'm able to start and maintain conversations with people that I don't know, and most of the things in life that should bother me doesn't.
Sorry, I just gotta get that off my chest and for some random reason I remembered that I posted a comment here a few years ago. I just hope that I'm able to look back at this and laugh at myself a few years from now. ✌🤞
  13. @cloudvii7777: Is anxiety always linked to control?
  14. @kingdomheartgamer5787: I'd say music has all ways been my safe space its help me a lot and writing songs about what I feel
  15. @kingdomheartgamer5787: Thank you for this video
  16. @kingdomheartgamer5787: I'm 26
  17. @kingdomheartgamer5787: That how I feel when ever I talk to girls I just feel like if I get in a relationship it will end up badly like my last one I think about that sometimes
  18. @kingdomheartgamer5787: Yeah I understand this a lot when ever I talk to people most of the time when I trying to make new friends and trying to talk to new people
  19. @seadevils2: Recently found you here on YouTube and love all the stuff you're doing.  Was wondering if you had any advice for parents on how to help?
  20. @titandeath9897: My anxiety disorder f**k up my life.  I'm still suffering

- Opening up about my social anxiety..: Kind: captions Language: en foreign what's up guys it's Ariel Faith again back with another video and your girl is feeling good I'm very content with life right now and it's a bit hectic right now I'm not gonna lie my life has been a little chaotic but I finally have like 20 minutes to sit down and just talk and vent and I can't do that with anyone right now besides myself so it's gonna be with you guys right now before we get into this video just go ahead and like And subscribe girls trying her best to be consistent right now so just give me a like for that like I need some encouragement to be honest I just got a second job so it was only my second day doing that and ever since it's been very chaotic but I had a lot of rest earlier in the week so it's kind of what I deserve right now I'm about to go into my other job in like 20 minutes so that's why I had time to talk to you guys I wanted to go ahead and update you guys on my life and just you know little girl chat stuff there is a woman in this car next to me and I think she's breastfeeding and I feel bad for disturbing her but your girl needs the lighting so your girl has been trying her best to not I should say this she put a little more effort into my appearance because your girl will always be a sweat pants girl that's just who I am it's who I am inside I love being comfy with anything that has to do with coziness Comfort I'm a Pisces so yeah your girl likes her sleep not gonna get much of that Tuesday through Friday from now on but it's okay because your girl was sleeping on the weekend I'm happy that I finally have weekends off I made my schedule that way and honestly it's because I deserve it I deserve to have weekends off and I deserve to have the days I want off which are Saturday Sunday Monday so I'm gonna give that to myself your girl got her hours done um Tuesday through Friday so we're good you know I feel like a lot has been going on like stuff at work like people are leaving or I don't know there's a lot has been going on a lot of change has been going on but I can honestly tell it's been for the better a bit more productive I don't want to like waste my days anymore I'm starting to realize time goes by really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fast and you can't see it now but I found a fine line on my forehead and I just turned 25 but that made me feel so old I'm like oh my God I'm 25 years old and I already feel like I need Botox something's wrong like I need to start taking care better care of my health better care of my time I just your girl needs to be more responsible I'm not gonna lie I I don't think I've been the most responsible growing up but we're gonna change that now and at least do our best that's the main thing give yourself Grace give yourself Grace for trying your freaking best I'm trying not to cuss in this video because I cuss costs I cuss all the time and I'm trying to minimize on that at least more about going to work you know like around people that I know don't don't give a just kidding but yeah you get me so my new job I gotta look presentable and stuff so that naturally makes me want to get cute for the rest of the day you know so I start my day off with that job so I kind of have to be cute now more often so that's why your girl is wearing a collared shirt because otherwise that would not be me hi U-Haul that would not be me like don't mind this rash I don't know what that is oh and I've been such into hair lately like I don't know what Tick Tock got me doing but they keep showing me easy hairstyles and I am so happy about that my hair needs a little help right here but it's Okay We're not gonna do it with that but easy hairstyles just to look like you tried I've been getting so much those videos on my Tick Tock and oh my God I'm here for it I am here for it especially because I got short hair now and curly hair so I'm still trying to figure out how to style it in a reasonable time manner if that is that how you say it or am I just dumb in a reasonable time I don't know but you get me you get me I'm just all right next now that your girl can't talk I got about 15 more minutes to ramble with you guys I've been a very anti-social person in the past still making friends hasn't always been easy for me but it's getting easier sorry guys someone called me so like I was saying as I get older or at least lately making friends and socializing hasn't been as hard and I love it because for a long time I have like I do deal with social anxiety to not an extreme sin anymore but there's been so many times where I've let my social anxiety get to me and I literally just end up not going to like an event or a family gathering or whatever it is just because I'm scared to socialize it's so weird but I realized that there's no reason to have so much fear but to understand that it's more like nerves you're always gonna get nerves or like at least most people I think you're always gonna have stage fright to an extent you know and it's kind of like that no matter what you're gonna be nervous until you're already in there doing it and you're getting it over with and you're just until you're in it you're always gonna be a little scared a little nervous and it's more of just like a preparation your body kind of goes into like survivor mode if you know that you're gonna have to get something done whether it's like oh you know it's going to be a busy day at work like you kind of go on Survivor like on guard mode almost at least I do and it's kind of your body doing the same thing like it knows some shit's about it go down but it's like okay okay the like when you hear that okay in your body you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] more be like okay my body's just getting ready doesn't mean shit's gonna go south it just means we got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to accomplish we got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to deal with right now it's business time you feel me and I love that I'm finally at that Clarity with myself I'm not letting anxiety control my life because it kind of was I'm not gonna lie two years ago it was controlling the out of my life to be honest it really was but your girl is enlightened I am I'm trying to remind myself repeatedly but everything happens for a reason and everything's aligned the universe this plan is better than mine oh I'm a rapper look I rhyme or am I Dr Seuss who knows but it's getting hella hot in my car hold on it is super hot in my car and I actually have to go into work soon I just wanted to give you guys a little update on my life really quick I just wanted to let you guys know to be on the lookout for more videos because your girl is going to try really hard to stay consistent even with other stuff I got going on but I do gotta go right now I'll see you guys as soon as possible and make sure you like And subscribe and follow me on Instagram your girl's gonna have all of her links down below and I'll see you guys in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaaniGoldleaf: Stay strong and solid, don’t lose faith, u know good times don’t last forever but neither does bad times too, hard times on a person are there to test out what kind of a person he/she is saw u on a music video on Keep Droppin by Fik 🔥💯💫❤️🙏

- Why social anxiety breeds addictions: Kind: captions Language: en hey so are you wondering what's the relationship between being dependent on alcohol and social anxiety okay so if you're pondering this question you're in the right place because in this video I'm going to help you understand why your addictions they run rampant when you have underlying social anxiety okay and then I'm gonna help you understand how to live a more purposeful meaningful and fulfilling life that's free from addiction okay so let's dive in right now [Music] foreign if you're new to my channel welcome my name is Reuben and I help individuals get relief from social anxiety attacks so the blank mind the racing heart the shaky voice so if if that's something you're struggling with that's what this channel is all about okay so before we get into this video I want to give you the chance to take your free Master Class okay so make sure you stay until the end I'll give you information on how to access that and in that Master Class we go into the simple four-step process that's gonna give you permanent relief from social anxiety not coping not managing but how to get permanent relief and be fully free from it and if you want to stay connected make sure you hit that subscribe button and the bell notification beside it so you can be notified when I release a new video and if you want to connect on a more personal level you can follow me on Instagram and we can connect on there okay and so to understand the link between alcohol or dependency on on anything it could be alcohol weed porn video games shopping sex gambling whatever whatever that crutch is okay whatever that crutches that you lean on okay you have to understand the nature of social anxiety okay and what is social anxiety it is the absolute fear of embarrassment humiliation and it completely disconnects you from other people okay and when you suffer from social anxiety there's the anxiety itself there's the extreme anxiety the physical symptoms and the ruminating thoughts that you experience when you're trying to connect with somebody okay and when that doesn't happen Okay it leads to a lot of Shame okay a lot of beliefs that because we can't connect with somebody else there must be something wrong with us there's something inherently defective and broken we're not like the other people okay so whenever you have those those thoughts and those feelings running through you what you're truly experiencing is shame and that emotion in itself it's sole purpose okay when it especially when it's toxic shame when especially when it's a lot of shame that you're feeling its purpose is to disconnect you from people from the world okay and even if you're in in a room full of people you will feel alone you will feel not like everybody else I don't fit in here I don't belong here okay that is what shame does it drives that entire Dynamic now the thing is with with humans we are social creatures okay we are here on the earth for connections and love loving loving connection it's an essential human need you will never ever for as long as you live be able to bury that need and live without loving connection it's just just by virtue of Being Human you have this need okay and when you when you suffer from social anxiety though it prevents that need from getting met and when that need is not being met you live in a state of deprivation so you got to think about love and connection as an essential human need just like food okay if you go throughout the day and you don't eat and you're starving you're going to get Cravings it's not going to be for the healthy stuff you're going to get Cravings to hit up the drive-through you're gonna get cravings for the junk food okay you're gonna get cravings for things that don't serve you they're not healthy for you okay and so when you're deprived when you deprive yourself of love and connection okay you're going to start to get cravings for different things something that's going to fill that need and you'll find yourself impulsively and compulsively craving and searching for something outside of yourself to fill this this lack okay or this unmet need that you're feeling on the inside and this is when those addictions they just become rampant so it's important to understand that those Cravings or that that crutch that that compulsion or that that impulse to go reach for that drink maybe you know maybe it's like this you get an invite to go out and you're gonna go hang out with a bunch of people you'd get too anxious in anticipation and right away you start reaching for the alcohol you know you got to be under the influence to be a bit comfortable okay but underneath that the addiction or the Cravings or that crutch is the most superficial layer okay underneath that is of course why you have to understand why are you so uncomfortable around people what's happened in the past that you need to lean on alcohol to be around people okay the fear of humiliation fear of embarrassment oh I don't want to feel stupid I want to be rejected I feel left out I feel alone when I'm in these groups okay that's the underlying thing underneath the addiction that's fueling that entire thing and that's the more important thing I'm not saying it's it's not important to manage the addictions up here but it's also more important to get to the underlying reason and ultimately the underlying reason for all those addictions all addictions that you just want to numb out your feelings pain emotional pain underneath okay so really what you're doing is you're running from these feelings okay and these feelings they can be extremely overwhelming if you got past trauma if you got some really painful things that you've been through in your life it's gonna be extremely extremely hard to process through those feelings as they come up so you do need the tools in order to do that okay so I'm not gonna just sit here and say oh just feel your feelings and it's easy it's not okay it's simple it's really that simple whenever you're reaching for something some kind of crutch you are running from your feelings okay and but obviously there's there's millions and millions and millions of people who suffer from addiction so obviously those feelings can kill those feelings can can make somebody live a life where they're just simply existing in their body and they are completely a slave to their addiction for the rest of their life it's not it's not easy I get it but ultimately if you want to live your life's purpose if you want to have a life full of meaning and live to your Highest Potential you have to learn to sit through the discomfort and I could go on about this topic for days you know I got 10 years of recovery experience the amount of people that are suffering from addictions is just it it really gets to me okay now I remember when I was first getting sober okay I was I was I went on this thing nofap right no no masturbation no self-pleasure and I did that for 14 months okay initially I did that for 14 months and what happened as a result you may not think oh you're just running from your feeling you're just it's just a little bit of self-pleasure whatever okay and a lot of people underestimate how much they're masking when they're running to some kind of a crutch but here's what happened okay when I stopped you know masturbating initially Okay so within the first two was within the first few weeks even I started to get extremely extremely angry extremely angry and it was around all of my racial experiences all the racism I don't know like there's about you know 50 I don't know how many 50 explicit in your face racial experiences that I experienced in my lifetime and I was masking it okay through and one of the ways I was masking it was through porn and masturbation okay now as soon as I stopped the behavior those feelings started coming up and I had to deal with my experiences I had to deal with those unresolved feelings I had to deal with the unresolved anger the unresolved grief the unresolved feelings of feeling sub-human to people okay the unresolved feelings of how am I supposed to move forward in this world being my skin color being my race being as being a marginal being part of a marginalized group of people there's no hope for us okay think about the reality I have to come to terms with and so what the what the addictions do is they allow you to live on a Surface above reality they they make you live on The Superficial Lair and they pretend that that harsh reality doesn't exist which makes sense why you would want to escape right I get it it's it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] painful but the thing is guys is you cannot give your gift to the world until you move through that because when I was able to move through that and resolve that that was a huge part of my social anxiety going into groups being hyper Vigilant is somebody going to make a racial remark is somebody going to bully me is somebody going to make fun of the color of my skin is somebody you know all of these different things are just hyper hyper Vigilant right about about going into these grooves huge part of my social anxiety now what happened is I was able to figure out how to resolve that past trauma heal that past trauma okay and what is the gift okay what is the gift that came out of it is this YouTube channel the YouTube channel the the manual I've been able to provide the Master Class by coaching program helping people with social anxiety is the absolute gift that came out of it the purpose the vision for my life the bigger thing that I'm serving okay the it gives my life so much meaning but I want to bring this back it would have never happened if I kept leaning on that crutch of porn and masturbation never because those feelings that reality that past story that needed to be acknowledged would have kept getting stuffed down okay so do not underestimate when you run for a crutch and you run and try to escape your feelings okay understand that you are stuffing down your higher purpose your higher potential as a human being every single time you do that it's extremely important so straight up I know a lot of you make excuses in your head oh it's just a little bit of weed or I just I just I just like to play video games or I I just you know I just watch a little porn it's no big deal no when you do that you're stuffing down your feelings you are keeping your internal suffering alive okay very important and when you keep your suffering alive you're increasing the suffering in the world okay okay we all want to be of service we all want to help people we all want to lower that level of suffering okay we don't want to increase it we don't want to add to it and that's what you're doing every time you reach for that crutch okay so if you're walking along around aimlessly and your life has no meaning it's got no purpose you don't know what to do with it okay start with your crutches start uncovering those feelings that you're burying okay that's gonna give your life meaning okay so very extremely crucial crucial crucial work um if that's something that you're interesting make sure you take my master class if you're you're finding that you want a a more meaning you want more purpose you want more fulfillment in your life take my master class because underneath all those addictions is going to be that anxiety that past trauma and that's the process we're going to walk you through in the master class okay so I'm going to link that below the video make sure you check it out okay and if you're more of a reader you can download my free guide that's also going to take you through the steps to get relief from social anxiety and if you found the video helpful please like And subscribe a very very very near and dear topic to me so I really appreciate you watching this one and I'll see you soon okay I'll see you in the next video alright peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @rubin_naidu: Thanks for watching this episode on social anxiety and addictions! Do you find yourself leaning on crutches? Let me know in the comments 👇

- Advice on OnlyFans Addiction & Being Forever Alone | Discord Submissions: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm dr k uh i'm a harvard trained psychiatrist and we're doing something a little bit different from interviews today uh viewers from our discord and subreddit submitted problems that they're going through and i'm going to try to help them out and today's theme is about relationships if you guys want to join in next time our uh join our discord and post scenarios in the channel ask dr k there's also cool stuff on the discord like a meditation group people supporting each other's mental health and also um you know people are are crushing it in league and other games and for real like we offer a ton of workshops um this is all community driven from everywhere from baking to coding uh we have like a room cleaning group that meets once a week to kind of clean stuff up so it's it's really a place for people to work on themselves and acquire new skills and support each other so uh feel free to join our discord and maybe submit some questions okay so good afternoon dr k i'm a guy and i'm wondering how i can get better how can i better understand and communicate my feelings of attraction to another close guy friend he's been one of my best friends for just about four years now and we've even spoken about mutual attraction it always ends up feeling like we've just missed each other i care for him deeply but it's been confusing and painful as well as vague as that all is i would love to hear your thoughts on what attraction is uh what different forms are there about the shame that so often can come with being gay and all that can entail with a close and all that can entail with a close guy friend really good question okay this is a little bit tricky so let's start with this so the first thing that i like about this question is that i think it's a very well framed question so as we start to think a little bit about you know how do we approach problems as we say a lot on stream good diagnosis precedes good treatment and so how do you find the right diagnosis by like asking the right question or ordering the right test right so like let's take a step back and think about how should we approach challenges in our life so the first thing we should do is understand our challenges but even before we understand challenges we have to understand how to understand challenges and so in medicine you know they teach us like the art of diagnosis which is all about asking the right questions or ordering the right tests so what i really like about this question is actually this first part over here which is i'm wondering how can i better understand and communicate my feelings of attraction so the first thing you've got to do is better understand your feelings of attraction okay so and then before you communicate them you've got to understand kind of where you are and you don't have to understand everything fully but but in order to communicate effectively you have to understand effectively and so let's um let's think a little bit about this so i also like that that you know this person has multiple shades of feeling which is probably closer to the truth than like one directional so we see this a lot where people will say i'm deeply deeply in love with someone and like what they'll say is like it's all like one directional and it's very intense and that oftentimes gets people into trouble when all they sort of recognize is one shade of color in terms of their internal environment um and so you know it's interesting because it sounds like you care about him a lot it sounds like um you know you care about him as a friend uh frankly it sounds like you could be in love dude um and so you know i think it's important to just ask yourself that question like am i in love like you do you know what it's like to be in love if not this really could be it and that it's confusing and painful as well so i think it's really good that you sort of understand all those different parts about himself i mean yourself and so um [Music] and it sounds like you guys have kind of like even gotten into the discussion a little bit right so it says we've spoken about mutual attraction and it always ends up feeling like we've missed each other so that i think is an important feeling so i i wonder if what's going on here is that like the two of you actually are interested or do have some kind of romantic feelings for each other but that neither of you feels comfortable enough to like put yourself out on a limb and risk like ruining the friendship to see if there's more to your relationship and i i could sort of imagine that like you know your friend could be feeling exactly the same way which is that you guys are really really good friends your your friendship matters a lot to you it matters a lot to him that there's it sounds like you guys have sort of talked about being attracted to each other um and then neither of you has been willing to sort of like step into that vulnerable space and say like hey do you want to actually try something here um and so you know i think the way to approach this is first of all to understand like what do you really feel about him is are you you know or because it's possible to be really good friends with someone and physically attracted to them but like not have a romantic component right so like we see that in platonic relationships all the time where like you may be attracted to you know someone of the opposite sex assuming you're heterosexual and you guys could be really good friends but like you guys wouldn't actually like be a good relationship or there isn't actually a romantic feeling um and so that's possible so i think the first thing to figure out is you know just ask yourself and it's like one of these gut checks right like am i secretly in love with this person and i'm just scared to admit it and if the answer is yes then i don't know that i would go about sharing that directly with the person but i think probably the best way to approach this is to have a conversation and say you know hey i care about you a lot as a friend and i find myself being attracted to you and i feel like we keep on missing each other and maybe there's a chance for a relationship but i also value your friendship and i i don't i kind of don't want to risk that and then ask an open-ended question what do you think about that so this is something that we often teach our coaches which is that like they'll come to me with a question and they'll say i have a client who um you know it feels like like i had a case the other day so one of the coaches had a little bit of trouble with this it was kind of talking it through and they said that you know i have a client who kind of came in and wanted to work on a goal but um you know the goal is like something that's really painful for them so i'm not really sure like how to talk about it because any time we sort of bring it up like my client gets emotional and i'm not sure like what to do so it seems like talking about it is hurtful to them but at the same time that's what they're here to to work on so these negative emotions come to the surface and i don't know what to do and what i would tell that coach or what i did tell that coach is that's exactly what you should say to your client right say hey like i know you're here to work on this but every time we kind of bring it up like it seems painful for you which is exactly why you want to work on it but at the same time i sort of feel like i don't know if i should push you or not because it seems like it hurts and i don't want to say anything that's going to be like hurtful to you and at the same time we have to work on it so kind of enroll them in your decision-making process right so like too much about what what problems we run into in relationships is like when one person makes all the decisions right so what i mean by that is like a good example of this is like friend zoning where or girlfriend zoning right where like one person all on their own builds up all these thoughts and feelings and hopes and dreams and you're all like in your mind you like create this whole world about who this other person is and you fall in love with that person and all the wonderful and it's like all in your head and the other person doesn't have any like say so in what you create in your mind it's not like a mutual relationship that you've created and i know that sounds weird that we you know aren't all relationships mutual no right sometimes we create all these relationships in our head that are sort of like solo relationships and you build up all these like ideas about who this person is like you meet this girl and she's nice to you and you're like oh my god she's the one and so what i think you should do is like let your friend be a part of this process right so like tell him like hey man this is what's going on with me i value your friendship i feel like i'm attracted to you we've kind of touched on it before but like you know i feel like we keep on missing each other and i'm not sure if this is worth exploring or not what do you think because the foundation of a successful relationship absolutely is communication because it's like two people right so you've got to like work with them and if you want it to work i think a good way to start like a good solid foundation for a relationship is like the tui all sitting down and deciding hey do we want to try this or not is there something here or not and recognize that you yourself are going to be afraid of rejection right and that you don't want to like so like kind of notice that too but it sounds like you guys have gotten close for been close for a while and you all have been friends for four years so you know a little bit of rejection can hurt but hopefully it won't you know torpedo the relationship that i've never really heard of um you know i've never heard of a where one person sort of explores their feelings with the other person and the relationship just crumbles apart after four years i've certainly heard about relationships where you catch feelings for someone and then you are deeply in love and then like you guys used to be friends but now you're deeply in love and that sort of falls apart because you can't be friends with them anymore because of your feelings but you know i don't know if we're here if that's what this scenario is so i'd say overall you know the way to approach it is just to have a conversation where you basically say exactly what you said to me and what you post the way you posted your question and then you explore it with your friend and you guys kind of figure it out together as vegas that all is i would love to hear your thoughts on what attraction is what different forms are there and about shame that so often comes with being gay and all that can entail with a close guy friend okay let's talk about what what attraction is i mean i'm not an expert in this but i'll toss out a couple of different ideas right so one is like physical um and that's just like you're physically attracted to someone someone's you know the way that they look or something about them like appeals to you sort of like on a physical and biological level then there's also you know more of like emotional attraction so as you get to know someone and this happens a lot with men so you know as as you start to express emotional intimacy men are rarely taught to express emotional intimacy outside of like very close nuclear intimate relationship so you may express emotional intimacy towards your parents maybe your siblings and then like the other thing other place that you express emotional intimacy is with romantic partners so sometimes what can happen is emotional intimacy can get confused as attraction and and what i mean by that is that like if if you have a female friend and you guys are emotionally kind of intimate with each other and we hear this a lot from you know bitter dudes on the internet where they say like i was there for all of her emotional needs and then she friend zoned me and it's like yeah that's sort of that's sort of true but i think the confusing thing there is that like for a lot of women and i'm just sort of using the kind of heteronormative average person here so women are taught to be emotionally intimate outside of romantic relationships and men are not so like what what being emotionally intimate with a woman sort of entitles you to is not necessarily a romantic relationship but you to be emotionally intimate with them without a romantic relationship which can be really confusing for us because we're not taught how to like do that right it's kind of confusing for us so um you know i think there's there's an emotional attraction which can grow into love but oftentimes is confused with sort of emotional intimacy and then uh you know the third thing that i'll say i know we don't really talk about this much because it's not very scientific um is is i i do think that there's like a spiritual attraction so just my personal experience has been like i fell deeply in love with i didn't understand what it was but i felt deeply in love with my wife like literally the first time i saw her and i didn't even understand what i was feeling like i remember i still remember the moment where i was like walking outside and i was walking past a picnic bench and she was like walking the other way and i i just saw her and it felt like someone had slammed me in the chest and it was just a weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feeling and like i didn't understand what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened and then like i didn't even talk to her for three years like i didn't know who she was it was just like i don't know what that was that was weird um and and so you know i i i do sort of like believe in this weird destiny kind of crap like i know it's not scientific i know it doesn't make a whole lot of sense i know it's old-fashioned but my own experience has just been so altering that like i do believe in i mean it's weird um but i i do sort of you know think that that's an important thing to acknowledge whether it's real or not i don't really know i i still don't know you know whether it's real um but i think that if we're trying to understand the lenses to view attraction through it's important to acknowledge that some people do have experiences where they feel like their attraction to another person is destiny or fate or like whatever that they were like destined to be together and there's only one person in the world for them and we see that in our stories right like they're like all these hopeless romantics out there and so there's something about the human condition where people interpret it that way i'm not saying that it's like cosmically true what i'm saying is that if you look at human behavior that's something that you have to acknowledge right you have to acknowledge that people consistently have this experience and that this is like an archetype that runs through our stories and our history as human beings so i think that there is that sort of spiritual kind of attraction and then i'd also say that like this is where things get really confusing because a lot of times what happens is we feel that emotional intimacy and we kind of confuse emotional for that faded love right and that gets really tricky because how do you understand what the difference is and then the short answer there is that i think the more tranquil your mind the more you'll be able to differentiate is this some kind of attachment that i have that's out of proportion or is this like actually like destiny that we're supposed to be together and i think the more calm you are and the more detached you are the better you're going to be at telling which one is which and then the last thing which i just want to touch on because it's like sort of a neuroscience take on it is i just want to talk to you guys a little bit about oxytocin because i think this is an important part of so oxytocin um is a hormone that sort of deals with emotional bonding so for example uh you know there are a lot of hormones that lead to milk production for new mothers and then oxytocin is the hormone that facilitates something called milk letdown and what that means is that when a child is ready to feed there's actually milk in the breast and then like there's like a release valve when when a child nurses that causes the milk to kind of like go you know leave the breast right so to be consumed by the child and so that hormone is actually oxytocin so oxytocin governs milk letdown and along with that comes a lot of emotional bonding so oxytocin you know i i know that this is a terrible thing to bring up but it's like come on chat just run with me get like you know stay with me for a minute okay like let's not make boob jokes okay so oxytocin is also like the hugging hormone so oxytocin is a hormone that facilitates emotional bonding and comes from things like cuddling so oxytocin also improves our mood and improves like emotional relationships um there are actually some trials which have found that have tried to test intranasal oxytocin for people with schizophrenia to see if they can like form better social interactions turns out the trials really didn't show a whole lot of benefit but the idea is that you know sometimes people with schizophrenia have trouble forming like social relationships and so some people hypothesize that it's like kind of an oxytocin deficiency so if we supplement oxytocin will they be able to form relationships turns out clinically it doesn't seem to help much but the theory is sort of there and we know that oxytocin is sort of related to um emotional bonding and i don't know if you guys like cuddle with stuff right so i know there's going to be a lot of you know pepe hands here but even like a cat or a dog or you know like kids like so i have kids and i enjoy like cuddling with my kids and what happens is like when you do that like literally you get you know oxytocin being released like when you hold your child and you rock them to sleep and stuff like that you get oxytocin release um and oxytocin forms emotional bonds with like other human beings so whenever you get an oxytocin spurt whoever is around you you're gonna feel like emotionally bonded to and the reason i think this is important is because nowadays we have a lot of fluid relationships that are forming and i think they cause i have yet to really see an open relationship that i would say is like very successful and lasts for a long time um i'm not saying there's anything wrong with open relationships it's just you know i've worked with a lot of people who have been in them and i think something that happens when you start having like friends with benefits and stuff like that is that a lot of times things will get muddy like it's really it's a really hard tight rope to walk and i think part of the reason for that is that you know when you engage in sexual activity with someone your brain is going to be like hey like let's bond with this person like this person i'm going to start caring about them so it's almost like a hormone-mediated like boost in how much how emotionally invested you are in someone and so you know i think that there's also like a component of let's forget about physical attraction let's forget about emotional attraction or spiritual attraction and let's just acknowledge that if you have you know a sexual relationship with someone or now i also hear that there are people who are professional cuddlers that um you're probably going to start to f form emotional bonds with these people even if you sort of don't want to and on the fr flip side you know if that's oftentimes what happens is even if you don't form the emotional bond baby the person that you're physically you know sexually engaged with could start forming bonds with you and that's just it's sort of neuroscience it's kind of how we're wired we're wired to be emotionally invested in the people that we have sex with last thing is so talking about the shame about that so often comes with being gay and um yeah i mean you know i i i don't mean to be insensitive but like i don't really understand that right because like my experience as a heterosexual male was that like i don't really understand what it's like to have i've worked with a lot of gay people i've worked with a lot of transgender people um i've helped them sort of find their sexual identity and and and sort of like you know i've helped them through that process but i got to be honest with you it's one of the things that i understand the least like i don't you know i feel like i have a good understanding of a lot of stuff but when it comes to a sexual identity like i've got a rubric that i i sort of help people work through um so i've sort of figured out like from almost like a stimulus response kind of way like from like a testing hypothesis way how to help those people through those journey and i feel confident in being able to do it but i also want to acknowledge that i actually don't know what it's like emotionally you know to have a sexuality or identity is generally speaking faces a lot of judgment and a lack of acceptance and confusion by society and this is where i'd say that you know and i'm sorry to say i just you know this is not something that i understand i wish i did i really do but i i feel like i would be doing you a disservice if i wasn't honest about saying i don't know what it's like to be gay i don't know like i said i've helped people through it but i still don't really know what their experience is like it's sort of like i've helped deliver babies but i don't know what it's like to be pregnant i don't know what it's like to go through childbirth like i just don't and what i would say is that like you know if you do have shame with with being gay and stuff like try to find communities we're actually thinking about starting um you know topic specific groups and and healthy gamer and one of them may be sort of around navigating gender identity and sexuality so um you know we'll keep you guys posted about that but i think like it's really helpful to be with other people who are going through your journey you don't necessarily need to have answers from someone who's gone through it and knows all knows everything it can be enough to be with other people who are just as confused as you are and you guys kind of like work through it together which is really what we've seen in group coaching okay dear dr k my name is amelia and i'm a 23 year old introvert who has never had a boyfriend girlfriend and probably never will at this rate i feel so stuck in this constant loop of feeling like i'll never find love or even experience it i look around me at my friends or even siblings and they have never suffered from this problem is there something wrong with me is there something i didn't learn or miss out on why am i so out of the loop everyone around me is either in a relationship they have kids they are married almost everyone has at least experienced love once before in their lives i feel like such a loser it's so embarrassing to even think about i've never even kissed anyone and let alone anything further than that it hurts when you realize you've been missing out on these things in your life things that everyone experiences i want something real i just want i just want that feeling of being happy with someone but also knowing that i make someone else happy what is pulling me back so much i feel like i just sabotaged myself anytime i get any hopeful opportunity ah see good our community is evolving chat like they're starting to be reflective so this is what i want to say like i just want to pause for a second this first half we've heard a lot right we hear this a lot it's awesome that this person gives us the second paragraph we haven't even read it yet but like do you guys see how this person is setting up the question and then they're already exploring a hypothesis so this is awesome i actually feel really hopeful for amelia at this point i know it sounds weird but just the fact that like you know you're starting to it's okay to have problems in life it's okay to ask questions in life and then taking that next step to start to figure out like let me at least think about this like what have i observed what have i noticed that's ultimately the strategy that i think leads to success so let's see what they have to say i feel like i just sabotaged myself anytime i get any hopeful opportunity i've been asked out on dates but i've never actually been or gone to one okay i get so scared and anxious that something will happen to me and i end and i end up making excuse or cancelling i feel guilty if i'm even if i even think about accepting the date i feel guilty that i would be wasting this person's time if i did accept and ended up not seeing them again i'm extremely scared of even the thought of getting into a relationship with someone or even trying to i feel like since i've gone this long without finding someone if i did get into a relationship with someone then it would have to be perfect but i never even give it a chance or even try i have this impending doom that i will be taken advantage of and be used i just don't understand what makes me do this or feel this way i yearn for a real relationship so much and wonder how it feels to experience but my head automatically tells me otherwise that it will never happen and if it did happen that it would go wrong i tell myself that i'm happy being alone and single but deep down i know i'm not i just need help and guidance on how to love and trust again damn this is a good question chat so this is interesting right so like let's look at the language first so i want you guys to notice um the extremities of this person's thinking so uh never had a boyfriend probably never constant never never everyone almost everyone never sabotage myself anytime i've never okay have to be perfect never even give it a chance impending doom sort of qualifies i think automatically never so this is interesting right because they say i just need help and guidance on how to love and trust again now we could be i could be making a mountain out of a molehill here right so like when i see all these nevers i would imagine that the last sentence should say i just need help and guidance on learning how to love and trust right so that that's what you would expect like if someone has never done anything before then you would expect them like that they don't it's not that they lost something it's that they never had it but what i'm hearing here is that i just need help and and guidance on how to love and trust again and this sort of makes sense with me because we have i have a running hypothesis here that something happened to this person right so like all these thoughts and feelings that they have that you know they clearly want this and yet something in their mind is telling them that like they get really scared or anxious they feel like they're not going to live up to the other person's time they feel like they if they did accept they have to be perfect they have to commit that the first date is the person that they have to spend the rest of their life with so then the question becomes like where do these thoughts and beliefs and feelings come from and and my guess would be that there's something that happened potentially traumatic to this person like early on where you know they got taught in some way shape or form that they're different that they aren't worth it that they're not good enough that they have to be perfect that and the interesting thing here is like needing to be perfect is about not being yourself right like why does someone need to be perfect if you guys feel like you need to be if you really tunnel down into that what you see is that needing to be perfect has can only be true if what you are is not worth much right so what this really comes down to is where did this person learn that they're not worth much like where did this person lose their self-esteem and lose their confidence in themselves so they can't afford to be themselves right do you guys get that like that what this person is saying is that i can't afford to be me i can't be myself it has to be like this way that i see everywhere around me people are in all these perfect relationships and i'm not because there's something fundamentally wrong with me and we can kind of see it here because like you know they've never suffered from this problem like so first of all i don't think that's true is there something wrong with me like that's what this person feels right this is this is a question that is born out of an emotion miss out on why am i so out of the loop so like this is that's the question you've got to answer right so so the way i'd approach this if you guys feel stuck with something like this in life and this is what we we do with people by the way um so i think like this actually is a great person for for group coaching this is a great group coaching candidate so concretely what i'd say amelia is that you should think about signing up for group coaching because and here's why so like the problem is that that this person thinks that they're alone right like that i'm the only one who's ever experienced this like this is only me and so what happens is they they show up and they say like since this is a problem that no one else suffers from you know i want to do personal coaching and i think one of the personal coaching is great don't get me wrong but i think one of the most valuable lessons this person can learn is when they show up in a group and they say this everyone else is like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is exactly like me and then you have 10 people who all feel this way that there's something fundamentally busted with them that the rest of the world is normal and that like i'm messed up in some way or i like missed that day of class where you learn how to have a relationship and then there's there's a value to that like sure you can work with a personal coach about the origin of your feelings and stuff but there's a value to realizing like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is actually like there are other people who work through this and then something really cool starts to happen because then you guys can work on it together right and then you guys can kind of explore with each other and you haven't figured amelia hasn't figured this picture out but she's figured out pieces do you guys get this like here are the here's the questions here's a hypothesis and then when you get eight people who form eight hypotheses and you guys kind of work them together then you get like an answer floats to the surface and so my first thought emilia is like you should sign up for group coaching and bring this to your group and see what they have to say about it second thing is i'll tell you like what you know what i would do if i was running this group is i'd asked you like when did you start like did you always feel like you were different did you always feel like you were out of the loop or did your feeling of being out of the loop start at a particular point and the really tricky thing here is that when i asked when did it start a lot of people assume that it has to be a large traumatic event like they just assumed that like oh no nothing like super traumatic no that's not how it works it's usually a very very small and seemingly insignificant thing but when you're young when you're like five or six um and and like something happens to you like you start this like the seed is planted in your mind that you're different and then what happens is that seed gets watered by like small experience after small experience after a small experience and then it even gets further watered when you look around and as a cognitive bias starts to form in your mind and then you look around and you start making these statements like they have never never suffered from this problem that's not true right like it's just not true but that's what your mind tells you and then what happens is you start to have a lens through which you look at the world and the more that you look at the world through this lens the more it reinforces your core belief about yourself and then you're giving it a lot of water a lot of water and then it's growing and it's growing and it's growing and it's big and it feels huge it feels like this insurmountable problem and then you have to so what you have to do is you really have to go back and try to figure out like where did you start to feel this way about yourself right where did you when did you start to learn that you are different and that other people you know learned learned something that you didn't learn that you're broken in some way that some some part of your brain just isn't working and so i think the more that you kind of explore that you'll begin to realize that like that feeling is like a holdover or an echo from a past experience it's not necessarily true today but what's happening is like each of these experiences forms a little bit of an echo in your mind and then after a thousand of these experiences you've got this cacophony that feels really overwhelming in your mind and dominates your thinking but the funny thing is that all of the energy for those echoes if you stop feeding it it'll actually all die out right in order to have that sustained echo you have to create new sounds and so this is where you've got to kind of explore where that comes from and the second thing is that you know i would really consider exploring your feelings when you do get asked out because like this is important i get so scared and anxious that something will happen to me and i make up i end up making an excuse canceling so when we approach problems like our you know my approach to problems healthy gamer approach problems one is to find the root and one is to work in the present so recognize that like you can ignore the root of this if you can learn a little bit more about how to not let your feelings control your behaviors and so it doesn't matter what you think or you believe or you feel the the basic problem here it sort of doesn't matter whether you feel like you're overweight so you're anorexic and you don't eat food or you feel like you're overweight and so you're refused to socialize with other people i had anxious thoughts about my growth today and i was like should i shave and i was like ah what right so we all have thoughts and feelings that prompt us to things i thought about cancelling stream because i can't shave right now and i was afraid of how i would look and so you can have these feelings that can cause you to want certain behaviors and then understanding in that moment how do you like what is this feeling that like is is so strong that you want to make up an excuse or cancel and then in my experience what happens is um as you tunnel down into your emotion in the present the more carefully you look at it the more you realize that it's not based on a solid foundation that it's sort of like this feeling in and of itself it's like a self-contained entity and it's not really based on like something real which i know feels really strange because the feeling itself is real but the more that you look into it the more that you tunnel down into it the more you're going to realize that the the emotion is like an entity of its own that's pushing you to do something but it's actually not like reality it's just your emotion right that's what happens when you're like emotions make you feel like things are real even though they're not and a good example of this for people who are severely depressed they have this feeling that they're worthless and that their like children would be better off if they weren't alive which is a crazy thought and is absolutely untrue but in that moment that person feels like that thought is absolutely true and you have to dig into that thought you have to dig into that feeling until you begin to realize actually hold on a second of course my kids love me of course they would be better off if i was here but you're not going to realize that until you dig into that feeling in the moment and so i'd say is try to find the root and the second thing is you know try to figure out like what's going on in these moments where you pull back and as best as you can try to let yourself not pull back and choose the kind of path that feels painful to you in in that in that mode right like even if you you know because there are a lot of thoughts and feelings here which with i think which i think are really like cognitive distortions like if i did get into a relationship with someone then it would have to be perfect no it doesn't there's no such thing you know like and some of this stuff is some of these fears are born of lack of experience it's sort of like you know if you've never been in the like if you've never been in a swimming pool you may be afraid that you're gonna drown the second your foot goes into the water and it's sort of a reasonable thought even though it's like not true but like you just haven't done it yet so you're not really sure and so acknowledge for a moment that like you actually are inexperienced so a lot of your conclusions are likely to be wrong and and just kind of work through that stuff but i think there's really two angles here one is to um you know really try to figure out where you got these thoughts or feelings and the second is fine they're here now how can you start to work on not letting them control you and very practically i'd say that meditation is a very good tool to start to explore yourself i think if you want to see a therapist i'd highly recommend cognitive behavioral therapy in in this case like try that out if you haven't tried it already because cognitive behavioral therapy helps you understand the relationship between your thoughts your emotions and your behaviors third thing that you can do is sign up for group coaching because i think you'll be surprised to learn that you're not that alone um and then that other people will help you work through this and i think the other really important thing that that i like a lot about group is that there's a lot of value which i think we underestimate to being able to help someone else and so you know what amelia really needs more than anything else is to have someone else in group who feels similarly to what she does and and amelia needs to help this person right help this person find confidence and that in of itself is going to give her the most confidence okay two other thoughts one is but my head automatically tells me otherwise so this is important because what i want amelia to understand is that this is not actually you right so do you guys see how sometimes she uses the first person and sometimes she uses the third person to talk about her head and that's what i mean that this emotion is like a separate thing it's not actually the real you it's like some some scar it's a samskar or like some automatic programming some malware in your cognition that tells you otherwise it's just like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] malware that's like sending you pop-ups it's not actually you and so that understanding and the more that you begin to realize that the more freedom you're gonna gain from it okay the second thing is i want you guys to notice how future focused amelia is like she's paralyzed in the present because so much of the future is determined by the now if she goes out with someone it would be a waste of time if she ended up not seeing them again if she goes out with someone she has to be perfect for the rest of her life it's like she's putting she's the weight of a perfect future is being weighed in her mind against the present and so how is she expected to right so i want you guys to be really careful when you do this this is a really important point don't weigh the future against the present don't do it because when you weigh the entirety of a future against the present moment the future is always going to win so like i i we we had a question or something someone was talking about you know being 27 and and wanting to finish college and they were like thinking about like how embarrassing it would like in in the moment when they're trying to think about okay should i re-enroll in college i'm 27 years old and in that moment what they're doing is they're weighing all of the future of that right like if i go to college i'm going to be older than everyone i may be the same age as like my teaching assistants and they're like all of these future things that they're thinking about i'm going to be like a 29 year old college graduate it's going to be so embarrassing and they they pile on all of these future possibilities pile and pile and pile and pile and then like that gets weighed against the present which is like do i just ignore my problems for a moment for one more day and do i just queue up for whatever i'm playing so anytime you weigh the future against the present the weight of all of the future against the present you're going to lose you won't it's absolutely paralyzing and so start by acknowledging that like what you're doing today is just going on a date that's all it is is there gonna be another date who knows do you have to be perfect who knows all you're doing is you're meeting with someone that's all you're doing because that's literally all you're doing and to really let go of the expectation of everything in your mind about what needs to happen in the future or what is going to happen in the future because you have no idea you can't predict the future are you psychic amelia but that's what your mind tells you your mind tells you oh my goodness i know exactly what's going to happen if you say yes to this person they're going to take advantage of you and you won't like them and you'll be stuck in a relationship right so there's another some scar here you guys are paying attention about her being stuck she's afraid of being stuck you guys see that why why can't she get into a relationship because she's afraid of being trapped it may not be like low self-esteem so one option is low self-esteem the other route here is that she may have gotten stuck with something with someone a relationship that she didn't want oh oh man i'm so glad we found this one i read this post on my on my um on on the subreddit and i was tempted to respond to it there i love this this is a great post um and i think this is the kind of thing that we should really think about having someone on stream to sort of talk about this sort of thing um struggling between only fans or love dating i was lurker here for months awesome thanks for posting only fans or gf um i'm seeking someone who can try to understand me cool welcome to our community my dude i've noticed very kind and compassionate replies here so i figured i should post my story here hopefully you got kind and compassionate replies and didn't get a bunch of trolls but i've been having a thing with only fans girls for the last three years it started after i was dumped by my girlfriend when i was 21 it felt like it filled a hole in me that's what only fans does even though i'm aware the love is fake it feels real that's also a very good analysis i can choose who will love me i can choose to pause or leave my only fan's girl it's so much freedom and it felt real enough but it has cost me over 10k which is almost all i had in my bank after working a lot at my father's company during my childhood i started dating a girl recently and even though it it's great it feels icky i want to switch her off sometimes i want to be able to choose or date other women sometimes i feel like i'd rather have the shallowness of only fans than to feel like i'm in a cage with one woman for the rest of my life i don't want to enter a relationship with her and at the same time have my only fans thing going on that wouldn't be fair for the girl irl but i just don't want to give up only fans i'm working a lot during college to be able to pay for it and it's worth it it feels shameful since no one seems to okay this is a fantastic post okay so here's what i like about this post so first of all this is a real issue i was about to say problem but i'm going to say issue that a lot of people struggle with right so like if we think about why is only fans so popular right it's because it makes people feel a certain way which they control it's a faucet of love and all you have to do is pay for it which is fine because that's what we do for things that we like right it's a faucet of love so i really commend this person for coming out of the woodwork because i think that this is a far bigger problem than people realize precisely because it is so shaming right so so like if like if you try to talk to someone in real life about this problem boy are you going to get a ton of judgment all you're going to get like no one's going to help you they're just going to judge you and i what i really like about the so first of all incredibly courageous to post this i think it's going to make the world a better place by posting this because it's a problem that a lot of people struggle with um next thing that i really commend about this post is that there's actually a lot of really awesome insight in here right like even though i'm aware the love is fake it feels real you know what you like about this i get to choose who will love me it's a lot of freedom and it felt real enough and then like even this person's dating again and then like you recognize like oh like your brain is sort of like comparing the real girl to the only fans girl and what it's saying is like we're getting some of the same stuff here but i much prefer the situation where i get to turn it off when i want to um i want to be able to choose or date other women sometimes yes or that's another thing about only fans right it's not exclusive you get to have multiple faucets and then this is this is i think the really strong sentence i feel like i'd rather have the shallowness of only fans than to feel like i'm in a cage with one woman for the rest of my life right it's really hard to be really non-judgmental about your feelings here and that's what i think this is really great about this post is the person is like admitting he's like i know this sounds really bizarre and i know it sounds kind of like you know shameful but i actually like the shallowness i don't want to give it up it actually means something to me it's not like they're because usually what we see is like a lot of self-judgment and blame and like i i can't stop i really want to stop you know like you know you know like people are very judgmental towards themselves whereas this person says this does something for me and i actually really like it and i'm going to admit to myself that i really like it i don't i just don't want to give it up it's worth it right and this is what's really important to understand about like addictive and destructive behaviors is that like the reason we keep doing them is because the payoff is huge right when we think about an addiction we think about it as a negative thing but the one thing that has i think made me the one lesson that has made me an effective addiction clinician an effective addiction psychiatrist is the acknowledgement the addiction isn't a bad thing it's a good thing it's a solution it's not a problem right like the reason that an addiction is so hard to kick is because it takes your problems away it's an escape it's like like imagine how opi it is it's like god mode it's like i have all these negative emotions and feelings and i feel like i'm a waste of space in the universe and i can drink this alcohol or i can play this video game and boom god mode all those feelings go away and so like this it's hard to admit that that the only fans means a lot to you but i think that's the first step right the first thing you have to do is like acknowledge your enemy it's like back in the day when people used to like bow before dueling like this is what you guys need to do if you guys are facing the problem the first thing you need to do is respect it bow because you're about to rumble and it's like it's gonna be a tough fight but respect it respect what the only fans does for you the next thing is that this person is also falling into the trap so i don't know if you guys caught this but we we've already talked about this so what's the principle here chat i feel like i'd rather have the shallowness of only fans than to feel like i'm in a cage with one woman for the rest of my life what is this guy doing here absolutely so no wonder right all of the future it's like if i give up only fans i'm saddled with one person for 40 years 50 years 60 years 70 years when if you really stop and ask this person you know how do you do you want a relationship like a loving relationship for 40 50 60 years they may say yes to that question we don't know and so i think also this person's like a decent dude because he he realized i'm assuming that he's a man but um you know that he's trying to be fair to the girl in real life um and yeah i mean i i think it's it's tough so i think there are a couple of principles here so the first is like you know once again don't compare the entirety of the future to your present circumstance because that's a battle you're never going to win the future's always going to win you don't have to date one person for the rest of your life so the other thing is like i don't know if this person is dating exclusively like this other person exclusively like whoever their irl girl is but like it's possible like you know a lot of people will date a couple of women at the same time to figure out or a couple women will date a couple of men whatever or men will date a couple of men right it's not like there's still this idea of like going steady or being exclusive which nowadays is you know people understand that sometimes you're going on dates with multiple people so that's acceptable you know and then i i i mean i think this person is pretty far along the way right i think that like this is this is definitely something where they understand what only fans does for them like they get it it means a lot to them and i'm not going to disagree and so oddly enough i feel like this is the kind of thing where this person has demonstrated so much insight that i think like the next phase is actually questions i don't really have a whole lot of advice you know i'm not gonna say i mean i think you should quit only fans because i think it's like what happens with the only fans is that they've figured out how to you know activate some parts of your brain without the rest of it so they figured out how to make you feel like you have a relationship without it actually being a relationship right so they scratch that positive itch without some of the other stuff so my concern for this person is that you know the end of the day like if you hurt your back i don't think the only fans girls are gonna come and like take care of you and when i think about a relationship i don't think about the positives i think the negatives like the real advantage of a relationship is like when your chips are down i'm thinking about sort of a committed monogamous relationship that is right when you're sick like who's gonna take care of you and the other thing is that you know i i know that only fans is you know it's like video and stuff right like in pictures but like i i don't know if people actually you know not to be in delicate but i don't know if people get laid through only fans or not but like i think actual physical connection with another human being in a sexual way is like an important part of life and going back to the oxytocin so not just sexual connection but like you know being held and hugged and cared for like all those things are important too and so i think what you're doing is you're investing a lot into these online relationships that do absolutely fill a hole and they do a good job of doing it which is why it's so successful but they're not going to fill the other holes and the real problem here is that when you fill one hole so completely it's easy to forget about the other holes and then if we really think about getting free of this the real question is like you're not going to be free from this curse until you process the hole that was left by the first girlfriend when she broke up with so if you really want to be free from this that's what you have to fix right because if she left a hole in your heart you've got to patch up that hole otherwise only fans girls are going to keep filling it once that hole is no longer there your chances of being free from only fans are a lot better so i think the real question that you need to ask yourself because he's done a lot of he's done a lot of introspection and understanding about his feelings in the now the real question is like how did she make you feel when she dumped you and how do you overcome that because when you get free of that then i think the only fans will be easier to shed

  Top Comments:
  1. @HealthyGamerGG [73 likes]: To submit a scenario join our discord and write a bit about what you are going through in the channel #askdrk! https://www.healthygamer.gg/supportgroup
What do you think about this video format?
  2. @calikidd5021 [8 likes]: I am definitely suffering from an OF addiction. I realized that earlier in the month. My goal is to get passed this in 2022. I knew I had a problem when I got butterflies in my stomach when I saw I had a message from this OF creator.  Then I began tipping him more money, so he would talk to me. So stupid. I definitely need some help.
  3. @nlutz824 [2 likes]: As someone who recently blew a ton of money on the platform, I’m beginning my rehab and hope to be better moving forward.
  4. @machidraws1 [1 likes]: dr.k with a beard.. very unexpected!!!
  5. @rhondamathis1323 [1 likes]: This is amazing
  6. @ComicAcolyte [1 likes]: Yeah I am struggling with this. Made an only fans account about august came off in September deleted it and then relapsed again in October. 

I am deleting it again now because reading about it it does not empower women and if I am honest it's just a part of my porn addiction anyway but I need a reason to stay off it.

Free porn sites are easier on the conscious and I know that sounds evil but it's because I am not emptying my wallet like only fans does. 

But it's hard when you know the accounts on OF by heart. It's emptying my bank account and during the cost of living crisis that's a big fucking problem.
  7. @Scriabin_fan [1 likes]: You and me both Amelia. The part about telling herself she's happy alone but deep down isn't is something I do as well. I also feel like I have nothing to offer to another person and that really makes me afraid of a relationship.
  8. @joseafalvel: great point Dr. K for us men having emmotional connection with a girl is extremely confusing
  9. @massiveidiot77: a
  10. @KakashiHatake-sg8ym: The question around 30:00 hit me hard, I am a trans man and the world told me how wrong I am when I was a Kid and I would have asked a similar question
  11. @iamJoeTheThird: Excellent video!
  12. @wwb16: question 2 I can relate to alot and it hits close to home. I never had a proper relationship and at 32 it feels pathetic
  13. @91722854: 53:45, does that mean people who are not so addicted to onlyfans are there more of lust than the girlfriend intimacy kind of experience? and so those people are bale to treat it more like just porn and when the feeling subsides after a release, they go back to doing other stuff and be able to detach from it and less reliant on onlyfans?
  14. @CoutureButcher: beard is going strong
  15. @JM-ym8mm: Honestly, my takeaway from the post is that he's attracted toward a man that might or might not be gay. Can't put my finger on it but I have a feeling the post isn't the whole or the most pertinent part of the story :D
  16. @markoperic5023: I had this conclusion that emotional cheating is worse then sexual. but if woman are building naturaly emotional connections with everyone, and thats normal. how was I the bad guy for emotionaly cheating then
  17. @jonaskoelker: > 54:43 Sexual connection is important
> What you're doing is investing in these [...] relationships which are filling your holes
> They do a good job of filling your holes
> They're not going to fill the other holes
> When you fill one hole so completely it's easy to forget about the other holes

Such crude and vulgar language, Dr. K!
  18. @Nr4747: Wait, I thought OnlyFans was just porn (that you pay for for some bizarre reason) ? How is it "fake love", am I out of the loop ?
  19. @Ifslayanct: There's being addicted to pixels, 
Then there's paying to be addicted to pixels.
My guy has much deeper problems, present and future, if he thinks that going through the rest of his life thinking that any feelings of romantic satisfaction as a paid service is okay.
  20. @fugg3d: Oh nah dr k with a goatee

- How to Crop Multiple Images at Once || Bulk Crop Images || No Crop Online: Kind: captions Language: en So friends, I Ritesh welcome you all to the Creative Learning channel and I have brought another video in front of you where I will tell you how you can get multiple photos together and save your time and so you can have as many photos as you want in your computer as you can see here I want to put Meghnad together so what will we do for this so friends first of all what you have to do is click on one of those photos after clicking your subscription our channel will open now there will be photos of school appointment subscribe to the channel if there is a channel question then to share the filled photos you simply have to press control so as you press the controller your photo will be selected and after that you have to click on edit picture after going to edition you will get the option of clock here so simply click on it now whatever area you want to grow from here let's we want to keep this much area of your body here ok hmm we don't want to keep it so simply from here we have selected our custom We press the area and OK here. As soon as we press Amazon, all these changes will be automatically displayed in all the photos. After this, you simply have to click on the cross sign here. After clicking, see, all the photos are being displayed in front of you and it is asking whether you want to save the changes you have made in all the photos, otherwise, you simply have to click on set. All these photos and your graph that you had done will be saved here. As you can see, this file is being uploaded on your screen. You can see that friends, all the sides have been corrupted here. So friends, if you liked this yoga informative video for you, then do not forget to like, share and subscribe. See you next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BreakBeatsRapBeats [1 likes]: good
  2. @lrahman6222 [1 likes]: Please provide app link 🖇️
  3. @surenderkaushik7289 [1 likes]: Mast
  4. @murshulovetosing7115 [1 likes]: But when i am selecting multiple photos it is not allowing to customize the shape. It is giving aspect ratio to shape.
And the customize the shape is showing when i am just selecting only one photo. What can i do to solve this problem?
  5. @MohdArif-pj8gg [1 likes]: Thanks
  6. @yeasinarafatfahim29 [1 likes]: Awesome
  7. @Shabazqasim8184 [1 likes]: Thank you so much brother, it's a magic love you bro you save my time ❤
  8. @nithikasn [1 likes]: Dear Many Thanks
I have one more doubt
How to insert table pictures in MS word at a single time
please put a video
  9. @hallo4651: It only works with the pictures of exact same size
  10. @RahulEnterprises-j1q: Ritesh ji HP Deskjet T830 ya T930 accha hai.
  11. @manojkumar-ep2xj: Bullk photo sabki passport pic  karna hai
  12. @fardin78672: How to crop different size photos at a time
  13. @GAbbas768: aoa bro some time it is being done ,some time not reason when i click the crop it unassingn whyy from paksittan.
  14. @deshmukhwaseem1870: Nice
  15. @A_book123: But how to download microsoft picture manager
  16. @0lycm_: Are these saved in sequence?
  17. @umerbutt388: Amazing
  18. @rakeshkumarmahto870: ❤
  19. @bhushanbaitule7254: Sir ye sbhi photo ko ek sath alag alag cell me karna hai kaise larenge
  20. @Suhendi-jg4wb: Mantap ini yg aku cari², terima kasih infonya

- Everything You Should Know To Crop Photos In Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en now if you're trying to crop an image in photoshop it's likely pretty straightforward with the crop tool now you just access the crop tool you click and drag down from the corner and then you can re-crop your image but there are some problems that you might run into especially if you're trying to get a very specific crop for example if you want to get a certain aspect ratio or you want to flip your crop from portrait to landscape and vice versa another problem that you might run into with cropping images is that you don't actually want to crop the entire canvas but you just want to crop a single layer for example putting a photo into a photo frame like this so even though using the crop tool by itself is pretty straightforward there are some other ways that you might want to crop your images that you're not sure how to do luckily in this tutorial we're going to talk about all of these exact problems and a few other things so you can master cropping images and layers in the program so let's get started hello friends my name is brendan from beowulfcreative.com and today we're going to talk all about cropping images and layers here in photoshop now like i just said cropping images can be relatively straightforward but there's a lot of subtleties that make cropping the exact way that you're looking for potentially challenging so in this video i want to cover all of the important things to know when cropping your images as well as how you can crop individual layers so that you're not affecting the entire canvas at once so with all that let's hop into the program and get started now to craft a photo in photoshop all you have to do is access your crop tool here in the toolbar or you can press c on your keyboard to access it instead then once you have that tool active just click on your canvas and you can begin to drag around your cropping area as you wish once you're happy with the scale of your crop you can just click anywhere in the center of your cropping area and then reposition your entire photo throughout it so the crop area stays the same size while you reposition the entire image around it so everything that is inside of this cropping area will be kept after you crop and everything that is outside will no longer be a part of your frame now before you commit to any of your changes there is an important option up here called delete cropped pixels now what this means is that if i check off the delete crop pixels option all of this grayed out area of my image will be permanently deleted so let me show you exactly what i mean here clicking off delete cropped pixels i'll press the check mark to commit to those changes my image is now cropped but now let's say i'm not happy with this adjustment and i want to expand my crop and go back to what i had before but the problem is since i have that delete crop pixels going to adjust my crop now expanding this photo there's now no information behind our photo all of those additional pixels got deleted because we had that delete crop pixels checked off so it's important that when you're cropping any canvas in photoshop to try to not have delete crop pixels checked off because then it gives you the option to edit non-destructively so let's step back a bit and go back to our original photo so pressing command or control z until our photo is back to normal here and this time i'm going to uncheck the delete crop pixels option now what i can do is go and make the exact same crop adjustment as before just like this pressing the check mark to commit to that and now let's say i want to readjust this crop i can click on that and look how i still have all of that photo left over it's just hidden outside of the cropping area but now since it's still there i can go and adjust that crop as i wish press the check mark and now i've just expanded my crop after i made that initial cropping adjustment now what you might have noticed here is that when i'm cropping currently the dimensions of my crop aka the aspect ratio of the crop stays exactly the same and that is because of this little setting right up here so currently i have it set to original ratio which means that my cropping area is going to stay at the same aspect ratio as my entire photo so depending on the aspect ratio of the photo that you're working with this is going to change now what if i wanted to have a little bit more of a freehand adjustment where i could totally change the shape and dimensions of my crop well in that case we can click on that option and go to width height resolution now i can freely adjust the height and the width of my crop without being conformed to my original aspect ratio so this is handy if you have more of a specific image dimension that you're trying to achieve but overall it's just an important thing to remember that you have this width height resolution option right here to have those free hand crop adjustments if you wish now what if you want to use a certain aspect ratio say for example a 4x5 crop for instagram what if you wanted to go and apply that aspect ratio to this photo right here in photoshop before you export well there's actually an option right here that says 4x5 so that's a preset aspect ratio cropping option i can click on that and now my cropping area will be set to a 4x5 crop so this is really handy if you want to have your photo ready for instagram before you even send it over to your phone now if you wanted to go and do this manually you could go up here to the ratio option and then you can just type in the exact dimensions that you want so for example i could go 9 by 16 since this is a vertical photo and now i would have a crop for say an instagram story or something like that so using this ratio option you can type in your very own aspect ratios if you don't see the preset here now in this case we have a portrait orientation but what if we wanted to crop our photo in a landscape orientation which is horizontal well in that case all we have to do is click on the corner and just drag out diagonally and it's going to switch the orientation of our crop for us it's going to keep the exact same dimensions that we had specified up above but now it's going to change that aspect ratio around so it's the opposite so now looking up at the top my ratio is 16 by 9 rather than 9 by 16. i could also just press these little arrows here to switch that around as well going to my width height resolution i could now just reposition this like so press the check mark and now i have a landscape crop from my portrait photo so now you know how to use the crop tool to crop your entire canvas at once but there's still a big problem if you're wanting to say crop a specific image to a certain area in your photo so that brings us into our second example of this video so in this example let's say we want to fill this frame with a photo so i have another image here and i'll just go to my move tool by pressing v and click and drag this up and over into my other project now i could of course just scale this down with the move tool but it is going to take a little bit of refining to get it all positioned the right way and it's just more work than you actually need to do so wouldn't it be nice if you could just crop this image to perfectly fit in this frame now if i want to go use the crop tool i can only crop the entire canvas so i'm cropping the background image as well as the photo that we're trying to fill with this frame even though i had my image layer selected it's still cropping the entire canvas and that's just what the crop tool does so if you want to actually crop a specific layer then that means that you need to use a selection now there are a ton of different ways to create selections in photoshop and i'll leave a video up in the corner right now if you want to learn some of the best ways to do so but in this example we're just going to use the rectangular marquee tool so accessing the rectangular marquee tool up on the toolbar or you can press m on your keyboard i'm going to zoom in here and i'm going to make a selection area around the inside of the frame that i want my image to be cropped to so clicking right along the frame line here dragging down and around like so and then you can also hold the space bar if you want to reposition the entire selection at once and this looks pretty good to me there so i'll let go now you can see the marching ants here representing an active selection so what i can now do with that active selection is make sure my image layer is selected and then go and press the layer mask icon here now my image has disappeared and a layer mask has been applied to my photo and the reason that my image is gone is because the only visible areas on the mask are now inside of this frame so i need to just move my photo into the visible areas on the mask since i want to move the photo separately from the mask i'm going to click this little chain icon between the two so now they're unlinked and i can move them separately i'll click on my image thumbnail so it has that white highlight around it i'll grab my move tool by pressing v and now i can just go and position it inside of that frame like so i can even go and scale it up and down as i wish to get the perfect dimensions that i'm looking for now with that all done i'll press the check mark to commit to those changes and now we have successfully cropped our layer to fit inside of a smaller part of our image so since we couldn't use the crop tool we had to use a selection and a layer mask to get the job done instead now this is a very basic selection that we just went through but it gives you a good idea of how you can use selections to crop individual layers into just about any shape you want so now with all of those techniques you're ready to crop anything in photoshop now if you enjoyed today's tutorial then make sure to hit that like button down below as it really does make a difference and also consider subscribing to stay up to date with more tutorials just like today again my name is brandon from bewildcreative.com and i'll catch you back here next time for another new tutorial see you then [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicolasspencer8119 [8 likes]: Seriously Editing on words is easier. They made navigation on photoshop way more complicated than necessary.
  2. @BrendanWilliamsTutorials [1 likes]: 📝 GET MY FREE PHOTOSHOP GUIDE here 👉 https://bwillcreative.kit.com/photoshop-quick-start-guide
  3. @rolandrick: A "Crop to opaque" still isn't available, is it? ;)
  4. @arjay1140: This is great, but what I'm after is a guide on how to ensure you don't over crop an image, so as to preserve as much quality from the original image as possible.
  5. @sripal.jain4: Its good way to learn with Brendan Williams
  6. @EGInspection: This tutorial is a few years old, I hope you're still making Photoshop tutorials  - I like your style of explaining.  Improving my skills at the program is on my itinerary this new year.
  7. @lssphx: All good reminders, but the last section of cropping within a layer was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  8. @vidpic8311: Nice job in April 2024, good lesson thanks for explaining every click 🎉
  9. @Carlos_Leonardovich: awesome!!! thank you
  10. @fidelinaramirez-g2c: Thank you!, this tutorial is very clear and  easy to follow.
  11. @AndruhaFinance: Photoshop is the most complecated BS I ever met, I wasted 1 hour trying to figure out how to crop image, thinking it is easier to edit with it. Something I could do on my phone in 5 seconds. HOURS AND HOURS AND I CANT FIGURE OUT HOW TO CROP AN IMAGE. I have this thing on - delete croped pixels, but when i click checkmark, and expand the area, those pixels are still there what BS
  12. @mediaapps: All of teh tutorials are great.  There's one thing I  have with cropping though.  When I set a ratio and complete the crop, if I go back to that file and try to move the image within the crop the optionj ust isn't there .... for me anyway.
  13. @andrewleyton6689: how do I crop to the original size of the image if I don't use the original ratio one?
  14. @motivationxf9577: thanks, but you can come faster to the point.
  15. @Santafefashionweek: Great information
  16. @MatthewFurman: Awesome!
  17. @okechukwuanudokem2060: Ur intros are so helpful thank you so much I have to sieve thorough too much bs to learn something
  18. @bethakabetty: Crop tool is nowhere to be found. Where did it go?
  19. @KJT3000: With ALL of Photoshop's advancment, they couldn't find ONE F**KING WAY to just crop a single layer??

No right click option? No preference option? in 2022????
  20. @Mohammed-bd7ql: Me trying to learn how to crop 600x600 without getting 599x599 or 601x601
The tutorial: so this is how you can crop freely, MS Paint style!

- How To Crop an Image in Photoshop With Specific Sizes: Kind: captions Language: en To get to the crop tool in Photoshop, you want to go to the fifth tool down and then left click in here. Now, if you don't see this available, you can right click and it'll be the very top one. Once you've got yourself the crop tool selected, you will notice first of all, you will have this border on your image. You can make the height of it much more smaller or you can reduce both of them at the same time by dragging the corners. And as you can see, we now have this image which we can easily crop to only focus on the person. This tool has some really important options right at the top. So, we're going to start on the very first one, which is the ratio and resolution. So, the first one allows you to set a specific or custom ratio. For example, if you wanted a one by one square, you can just set it to this right here. And what this will do is it will lock in the aspect ratio. So no matter how hard you try to change the height, it will lock it in and it will just maintain the ratio of it. We have the ratio and we have the resolution. So this is if you wanted to be more specific with your image. You can set it to the resolution and you'll have the option for the width and the height or you can just set it to a specific resolution and it will lock it in at that aspect ratio. So first of all you would simply select yourself pixel/in or pixel/ cm. So let's say for example we wanted this to be a,000 pixels. We would just simply type it in here and this will make it 1,000 * 1,000. Now, let's say that you had a specific measurement in mind and you wanted it something like 1280 * 720 right in here. You would type in the width and the height in these two boxes right here. You can also click on the clear button right here and this will just reset it back to normal. And if you want to, you can just set it on the original ratio, and that will reset it back to normal. All you have to do now is crop this image down to what you prefer. And you also want to make sure that you have this button ticked, which will say delete cropped pixels. What this will basically do is it will delete anything outside of this box. The very last three options, which is reset, cancel, and apply. And you want to go ahead and click on the tick icon to apply the changes. And there you go. So, as you can see, we have now cropped this image down. And if you unlock this to be a layer and press Ctrl and T, you can now see that this is a standalone image and we've fully cropped it down. And that is pretty much it. That's how you crop an image in Photoshop.

  Top Comments:
  1. @burnsaga [5 likes]: Thanks, don't know why Adobe won't label the Height/Width/PPI input boxes
  2. @VerticDesigns: ✅ Photoshop ➧ https://prf.hn/l/20Bd3Lj
📷 Image ➧ pexels.com/photo/woman-sitting-on-top-of-building-s-edge-1755385/
  3. @Cory-d2j: tryin got crop to specific dimension base don real units like inch but no option for it
  4. @عبدالجليلفارعفارع: ❤❤❤
  5. @rowbyrowby: In my case I wanted the crop to be free form.  In my own attempts I could not get photoshop to let me manually set the height and width around an imported image.

Using your "Clear Aspect Ratio" comment I tried that -- and now I can once again freely crop around my image as tight (or as loose) as I want.  THANKS!
  6. @mahmudsleman: thank you
  7. @mahmudsleman: thank you
  8. @RNFlive: sheesh 3 minutes sooo long
  9. @Carlos_Leonardovich: THANK YOU :) Quick video and to the point!
  10. @zanclot: Im trying to crop an image to height width 1:1 in order to upload them into a game,but all the images I’m downloading are probably too big and when I try to crop it say if it’s a word like BWIN cropped I only get WI and leaves the other two letters outside.I hope someone understands my situation and gives me an answer.
  11. @lovelylilly3225: Thanks for the amazing video ... Working in 2024 ❤❤
  12. @abumbomlindangonghong8750: Great tutorial
  13. @abumbomlindangonghong8750: Great tutorial
  14. @SuperFcsmith: What if I don’t have a cropping tool?
  15. @Hr.Masr77: I benefited from this video and it did everything I wanted
  16. @IsadoraMadison: Failed to  show how to do a custom crop size by dragging
  17. @saravananmurugesan4783: 😍
  18. @ubr-mtv8702: Why cant anyone have the common sense to show how to crop out her backpack for exampme.  Criminal.
  19. @pouyaassari4687: Nice, thank you!
  20. @babajaiy8246: Too Bad...was hoping how to move only one side at a time stepping pixel by pixel

- How to Crop an Image in PowerPoint: Kind: captions Language: en PowerPoint has the option to crop images inside of a presentation so that you don't need a separate app to select the part of the image that matters. Let's learn how. In PowerPoint, I've got a presentation here where I'll paste an image into my presentation. I like the image that I'm working with here, but I'd like to crop it so that only part of it is showing. With the image selected, click on the picture tools format menu option. To start cropping, I'll click on the crop option here on the ribbon. Once you've selected to crop an image, you can add these black bars that appear on the sides and corners of the image. Crop an image by grabbing one of these handles and dragging it so that only the pixels we want to keep are remaining. You'll see PowerPoint dim out the pixels that won't be used. To lock in the crop, I'll just click crop on the ribbon again. Now the unused pixels are removed. We could also reenter the crop options by clicking on it again and resize the crop area to include pixels we had already removed. Cropping is a breeze in PowerPoint, so don't open up Photoshop or another app the next time you need to do it. I'm Andrew Childress for Touch Plus, and thanks for joining me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @roxys999 [5 likes]: The fact that we all had to watch this video just means that cropping an image on PowerPoint is more complicated than it should be
  2. @ephraim-uf1js [2 likes]: Thanks Bro.
  3. @jenncorvin2021 [2 likes]: This so helped me out. Thank you!
  4. @AmitAggarwalStockMarket [1 likes]: Thanks
  5. @mahabubalam2253 [1 likes]: Helpful ❤
  6. @NileshParmar [1 likes]: nice one
  7. @1realestatebuildersdevelopers [1 likes]: thanks bro
  8. @hemanginirabha6427: Wt if i want it like croped like if i wanted to past a sticker on ms point wt to do?i dont want extra space
  9. @sriveda-y2j: what if i want to permaanently delete cropped area? bcs if anyone try to crop it, they can see the image originally how it was
  10. @fleetboy5705: But what if i need to remove a little part of it 
Also in my pp i cant see format option
  11. @Aryan68676: But what if i need to stretch the image without making it look ugly?
  12. @Aryan68676: Thx sir
  13. @ramachandiran2686: Thnx a lot bruuhhhhh😂😂😂
  14. @surekhaghatey7878: What is the setting so that the picture is not cut?
  15. @khairulishra1475: Thank you!
  16. @zayedramen1872: tenks mister

- Safe and Anonymous Online Payments - How To Stay Safe Online!: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Now, just this year, the data of more than 1.2 million credit cards were stolen then leaked onto the dark web and your info can easily end up there too. So keep in mind, this is just one instance. Now imagine how many small breaches happen every day. So yeah, it is really important to know how to be anonymous on the internet. Now, in this video I want to go through the most popular, safe and anonymous online payment methods you can use in 2022. So why don't we get this party started, huh? Okay, before I start this online anonymity tutorial, don't forget to subscribe to our Cybernews YouTube channel to help us reach 60,000 subscribers by the end of this year. Okay, why should you use anonymous payments? Well, three big reasons actually. One, staying anonymous minimizes the risk of your personal information being stolen and then sold on the dark web. Two, what you do and search online will be known to only you. I mean, you know how much your is ISP and Google loves to collect your data and then sell it, right? And well, some of you might live in countries where personal privacy is quite restricted. And three, it's just something you want from time to time. Maybe like those certain things that we wanna buy but really don't want it on our banking statements. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, okay, so how to receive money without giving personal information out? Well, the first thing that at least comes to my mind when talking about anonymous payments online is of course cryptocurrencies. Yeah, you know, like Bitcoin, whose whole point back in 2009 was anonymity and security. The cryptocurrency process basically uses cryptography and decentralized user processing to validate tokens that can represent monetary value, get it? Okay, now, sure, you can pay with crypto, but at the same time, you're actually very limited in where and how you can spend those funds. Now, maybe in the future it'll become the norm, who knows? But for now, most providers and stores don't accept cryptocurrencies. So the biggest limitation is still it's reach and use. Is cryptocurrency safe? Well, it's kinda hard to answer since the market is so volatile and since it's not regulated, those scams are just rampant. Okay, now, how to shop safely online using your credit or debit card. Prepaid debit cards or virtual credit cards are becoming increasingly popular and for good reason, especially security. So let's say hypothetically, your data has now been stolen, well, no worries, just close the virtual card without any effect to your real accounts. They're like a typical debit card, but they also help in adding a little more anonymity. So how can I shop safely online using them? Well, it works just like the name suggests. You get a prepaid debit card that's loaded with money up front, like let's say a gift card. And while it's not associated with you personally or directly, it does still allow you to do online shopping safely. Get it? Yeah, kinda like a prepaid sim card that helps you stay anonymous. Now, an anonymous credit card is slightly different. See, you create a virtual card that uses your regular credit account, so you have your account with a bank just like you do as a regular customer and if this virtual card gets compromised, well, you can close it without having to close your main account. All right, next up on how to receive money anonymously, yep, PayPal and Venmo. But you know what? Let's actually call both of them semi-anonymous because these providers do know your personal information. Now, it is also possible to use a throwaway email to help keep your identity from your recipient. Venmo, for example, does a little bit better with the whole receive money anonymously thing but every payment still goes through a PayPal checkout and you have to deal with weekly limits as well as a transaction fee of nearly 3%. Okay, now as far as safe online payments go, well, PayPal doesn't exactly have the cleanest record when handling its users' private data, same can also be said for Venmo, some shady data handling over there. But ultimately you can open a dispute if you've been scammed and your online payments are a bit more secure than let's say with cash apps. And speaking of cash apps, despite the security questions, they are one of the most popular anonymous payment methods right now. There's an abundance of apps that will allow you to transfer or request money just through an email account or a phone number. So let's include all of these apps like Cash App, Paysafe, Google Pay, and Apple Pay all into one group, okay? Now, they mostly operate in a very similar way with some slight differences. Some of these are more about anonymity, like Paysafe, allowing you to buy prepaid cards and then top them up. Of course this means extra steps and the need to actually find a provider that sells those cards. Cash App allows you to send and receive payment anonymously without bank details, just using a unique Cashtag. And some of the apps are about secure payment and ease of use, Google or Apple Pay might be the easiest apps to use. You can also pay where contactless payments are available or even transfer funds to your friends. Now, the last thing about how to shop safely online is this, true anonymity is quite hard to achieve especially when you still want to participate in everyday online life. While all of my mentioned methods add that extra layer of protection, none of them are perfect on their own. And ultimately being anonymous online requires these tools as well as you being aware of all of your data and actions online. So with all of that in mind, adding that extra extra layer of third party protection can help. For example a VPN helps with that tremendously. It swaps your IP address and prevents ISPs and malicious eavesdropping on your private data. It helps you bypass restrictions in countries where the internet might be regulated. And honestly right now, with lots of trustworthy VPNs costing only a couple bucks a month, well, even if you're just a regular internet surfer, it's still a great tool to have in your arsenal. Now, another tool I recommend is private email. Now this doesn't mean anonymous, it's private, but it does help by encrypting your messages and increasing security so no one can just go in and steal your data. All right, I hope that's all you needed to know about how to send money anonymously and online payment security. If you have any questions or hey, if you have tips to shop safely online of your own, go to the comments section, we are always happy to have a chat with you. All right, that's it for me. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leonardallen8754 [31 likes]: This guy just wants to talk alot
  2. @sisim1053 [19 likes]: How to get paid ananymously in europe since we dont have cash app
  3. @johnjohnson3390 [2 likes]: Stop spreading the myth the bitcoin is anonymous
  4. @ArchangelTyrael [2 likes]: Do you really het anonymity with Google pay? Doesn't Google track everything you do with Google pay? Purchases, Purchase behaviour, amounts, paterns, what stores, times, locations, etc?

Or am I understanding it wrong?
  5. @Justin-General [2 likes]: outrageous that this info in public by default, or public AT ALL, I looked it up as to why, best answer is "because it's fun to share info with people!" 
Wow, not banking, payment, or financial information, this is stupid and ridiculous and should be outlawed to be able to even put that in the clear by any company even as an option.
  6. @JamesFletch-n7o [2 likes]: can anyone help me get a phone number for free just to verify the PayPal account?
  7. @myhobbyjournal8899 [1 likes]: I saw very little in this video that constituted "anonymous" online payments.  Most of the ideas I heard were easily tracked back to its source; you.
  8. @Viole_e [1 likes]: You just wasted my fuckinv time with your unnecessary yapping, didnt solve shit
  9. @anonymousdonor8084 [1 likes]: OUT OF DATE!!
  10. @anonymousdonor8084 [1 likes]: Weak report. Short on the How part
  11. @MICKYLEAKSMGR-PRESIDENTCJWORLD [1 likes]: Which Option is Available to Anonymize Name Phone Number Email file Credit/Debit Card Number But can be reused if a Service is found satisfactory and one wants to Continue! Any Trustworthy Service/s for the Same! Is it Free or Paid Service?
  12. @cybernews: 🔥We have some GREAT VPN DISCOUNTS! Take a look!⬇
✅TOP VPN provider's discounts applied ➡ https://cnews.link/best-vpn_169/
  13. @Arbiter-j6l: You look like fake dicaprio
  14. @SolSpaun: Appreciate it for posting! I need help: My crypto wallet on OKX contains some Tether, and I know the SEED: clean party soccer advance audit clean evil finish -tonight involve whip -action-. What’s the best way should I proceed with transferring them to Kraken?
  15. @Deleted8790: I swapped my data with an indian hacker and can't get'em back
  16. @AstroAdvisorBTC: Do AI trading bots actually work in crypto for 2025?
  17. @splash2540: Hello can anyone advise on a virtual card which is accepted by online bookies/sportsbooks?
  18. @paulpullspunches: Fantastic
  19. @tcartist_studio: Question: i want to transfer money to PayPal account, so they won't trace me on my bank statement why I made $500 transaction?
  20. @iboa2001: 😂🎉

- How To Get an Anonymous Bank Account in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en In today's surveillance obsessed world, is it still possible to open truly anonymous accounts in first tier banks? We're not talking about bise banana republics nor payment platforms. I'm talking about high street banks in Europe, in the United States, and in Asia. The ones you thought were completely off limits. Let's find out. This is episode seven of the poor man's Pablo Escobar series where we dive into the underworld of offshore finances and give our own commentary. And in today's case, we have the popular tape brothers who tried opening anonymous accounts using a fake Mexican passport with a James Bond alias. Turns out millions can't buy you common sense. But the truth is that anonymous accounts absolutely exist only under the Russian way. And in the next few minutes, I'm going to break down how and why the Russian method works, the one trait that Westerners need to actually pull it off, and of course, a step-by-step breakdown on how you can do it yourself without getting flagged. Let's dive straight into it. Anonymous bank accounts in first tier countries with real compliance still work, but only if you have one thing, a reliable front. The frontman is the one who acts as the official owner and manager of the bank account. They're the ones who are going to sign those banking documents, the tax forms, and be part of the company registries. Meanwhile, you, the ultimate beneficial owner, stay in the shadows. And for that service, of course, you pay them a generous salary. Now, you would think that with all of the millions that the Tates have, Tristan Tate would just be able to buy a front man, right? I mean, why go through faking a Mexican passport and adding a bunch of criminal charges out of thin air? Because they can't trust anybody in Western society. That is extremely tough to do. Other than his other notorious brother, there's nobody else to rely upon. Western society is extremely commercial and contractual, which is great for business, but terrible for building relationships and loyalty because handing over your assets to someone else with a silent agreement requires deep mutual trust. Because the frontmen can literally walk away with all of your money, but at the same time, they're legally responsible for all the stuff that you're doing behind the scenes. And that's why it works. Both parties know and trust each other very well. They understand that each party has the other's fate in their hands. And paradoxically, that's what makes it work. Latin Americans, a lot of Eastern Europeans and Middle Easterners are raised this way from a very early age. They have a code of conduct and they have these strong tribal and family bonds throughout their entire lives. In contrast, the western norm is you only spend time with your family twice per year during Thanksgiving and Christmas and you only call them to ask for money. But some of the best nominees that the easterners use are their family members. And it only works if you have a good relationship with your parents and siblings. One of the best examples I can give you is the Moroccan football player Hakeimi. When his ex gold digging wife tried taking half of his after the divorce, she found out that he owed nothing. Everything was in his mother's name, including his PSG salary. And by the way, this structure, it also works in Western countries. We'll dive a bit into the details later on. Now, just because the strategy works does not mean it's easy to pull off today, especially in first tier countries. And that's why the Russian method is getting more expensive. Used to be cheap. Just found a forest gump off the streets, you paid him pennies, and you opened a bank account in his name. But with modern-day banking compliance, that's pretty much dead. Today, most of those accounts are opened in a company's name. And during the corporate account opening process, your nominee, the frontman, gets interviewed. And he's asked questions like, "What's the company's business? What's the purpose of the account? Why specifically this jurisdiction? And what's the plan for the future funds? And he has to be sharp and answer convincingly. His story needs to make sense from the bank's perspective. And most importantly, he needs to have a passport that checks out. In modern banking, presentation matters. And the smarter and more coherent your front man is with the right passport, banks really, really like that. And of course, that's why they get paid a premium. In lower tier countries like Turkey, you can still get away with dragging someone off the street to see the bank manager. In fact, that's what a lot of OTC dealers do to trade cryptos not in their name. But when it comes to Switzerland, Likensstein, or the UK, forget about it. That's why Turkish businesses dealing with international banks will actually find ethnic northern criates who hold an EU cyprress passport to be their front man. And Colombians do the same thing. They have a bunch of aunts and uncles in the UK or the US who will receive decent pensions into their bank accounts. And after the 2014 Ukraine war, Russians suddenly seeing their passports discriminated did pretty much the same thing. They went to the Donbass region in the Ukraine where there are a bunch of ethnic Russians with Ukrainian passports and used those guys as frontmen which the Swiss banks were far more comfortable dealing with. Now let me break a common myth here. The Russian way is not the same as those cheap nominee services that are usually bundled up in these offshore company packages where you have a Panameanian guy or a criate who signs off as a director or a shareholder on paper, but they also make you sign a bunch of other documents that protect them and limit their legal liability. And those other documents such as the deed of trust, the POA, by their very nature means that the nominee is not really the person in charge. They're just there to hide your name from the public registries. Because by signing off as the ultimate beneficial owner, they're the ones that take all of the legal responsibility for your actions. And no same person is going to sign off on all those bank account forms or the payment platforms for a guy that they don't even know. You could be a international drug trafficker and they would be the ones that take the hit. And by the way, this stuff happens a lot. So if somebody ever offers you a lot of money to be the person signing off on all these documents, don't do it. Your freedom is far more valuable than some quick buck that you're going to make. And another misconception is that trusts will not make you anonymous when it comes to banking. Especially in Switzerland or Likenstein, they will ask who created the trust and also all the beneficiary names. If you want to open an anonymous account for your trust, even the Rothschilds, they still had to use a frontman named Kodorovski, as I explain in more detail in this video. So, how do you, as a Westerner, apply all of this? Is there still a way for you to get these accounts? And the answer is absolutely, as long as you have reliable family members. In the case of Hakeime, he had his mother, and that's the best asset protection mechanism for you. But you want to make sure that you have a structure where it doesn't require your family members to be financial geniuses. So, let me give you a step-by-step guide that a lot of Latin Americans, Indians, and Russians still use to this day. will use your uncle Craig, who's not a financial genius, who's able to present it all to the banks. And you can even use this structure to move your cryptos into bank accounts and hide their ties to you from prying eyes. Step number one, start small. Startups and small businesses have an easy time opening bank accounts and EMI accounts, but it must be something that matches Craig's skill set. You want to open a corporate payment platform account with Revolute, Mercury, Airwallix, whatever matches the jurisdiction. And that's where you're going to be sending the first initial deposit into the bank account from. And then step number two, you want to make sure that the business that Craig runs actually matches what he knows, the backstory he needs to check out because otherwise the banks, they'll sniff him out very quickly. You don't make an exelect electrician the CEO of a crypto trading platform. You want something that you can train him to speak about confidently. And from the bank's perspective, it makes perfect sense why he would be upgrading to a bank account because payment platforms are riskier for holding money there long term. Step number three, train the nominee. Spend a few days and go over the business plan with him. You want to make sure that Craig is comfortable with it. You can go with chat GPT or even read the E-Myth highly recommended book to build the operational framework for the company. You will however need contracts, agreements, invoices and apostled financial statements to present to the bank. You can check my previous videos for more ideas on that front. And then step number four is the actual bank interview. Now during the interview, the bank manager, they will have four questions in mind. First, why does Craig's business need a bank account in this particular jurisdiction and in this particular bank? Then secondly, how does the business actually operate and where does it make its money? Third, what are going to be the inflows into the bank account? And then fourth, how are you planning on using that money afterwards? Pro tip, tell them that you want to keep it in the bank long term. They obviously love it because the bank makes more money that way. However, here's a key point. You will not accompany him to the interview. He does it all by himself because otherwise that defeats the whole purpose. The bank manager is going to say, "Okay, well, what's your ties to the business?" You want to stay invisible. Step number four and a half, banks log where the accounts are accessed from. So Craig, he needs to register and access the bank account from devices and IPs that you can securely reach. And this all has to be built into the company's backstory, especially if you're living abroad. If not, your accounts can quickly get flagged. And then step number five, once the account has already been opened, the hard part is over. You can now start moving money inside. Again, depending on what the backstory was. If it was a mature operation, you can plow in larger amounts. But if you started off with a startup, you're going to have to do it slowly through a trading company tied to the business. and do it step by step with flexible accounting. Now, that was a brief overview. Obviously, there's more detail that goes into every single step. But let's finish off on a practical note. Do not waste your time or money on these ready-made shelf companies with bank accounts. They're usually advertised on online forums. It's a company that's set up by somebody else with an active account. Then they transfer the ownership to you without informing the bank that the company has switched hands and you're just expected to act as if nothing ever happened and use it. There are two problems with this. Number one, by buying the company, you're inheriting all of its previous legal history, its liabilities, as well as its dirty laundry without knowing the seller. And that can be a continuous compliance headache in the future. And secondly, banks continuously ask for information updates. And the moment that they ask for your ID or documents that do not match the previous account manager, they'll just shut off the account. It's not a long-term or sustainable solution. Anyway, I made a previous video for all of you crypto holders about how to offiscate your gains from DACA or KARF. You can check it out over there. That's it for today's presentation. If you enjoy this type of content, you can comment down below or share it with a friend. I'll be seeing you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewnirenberg [7 likes]: I know its never going to happen but I'd love to see someone demand the same BS from the banks:
* How are you going to spend my money?
* What are your sources of money and net inflows?
* Prove your ID's and who is responsible for anything going wrong?
* Prove everyone at the bank has a perfectly clean criminal record.
* etc.

Basically I'd love to see the AML/KYC tyranny thrown right back at the banks and the government. If people realized this, they'd realize that we need banks and money outside the system that will NEVER comply in order to fix the system. I personally don't know of any banks that are fit to do business with as they all try to demand AML/KYC, and they always go well beyond what the law requires because banks collect all they can about you so they can sell your data to data brokers.
  2. @fadafadoudi22 [5 likes]: Great work as always, keep it up ! 
Could you in a future video, address this setup : Crypto (BTC) -> CoinJoin (anonymous) -> Creative Accounting -> Mère-Fille company in France with dividends paid to the mère (minimal taxes)
Thanks a bunch !
  3. @nothingness1425 [2 likes]: How's an account registered on your family member or uncle an anonymous one?
  4. @michaelf3753 [2 likes]: The front man can walk away with all the money? Unrelated but how can I become a front man?
  5. @johnbotha3751 [1 likes]: this guy is really smart, he really is giving advice worth actual money
  6. @cryptobreakthrough [1 likes]: My new favorite channel now
  7. @kirjastusom156 [1 likes]: Such guy is being called tankist. When the real owner gets in trouble then the tankist will take all legal responsibilities. Bad idea.
  8. @rkhsd2 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for all the work
  9. @FrancisJr-f1j [1 likes]: Also, you’re out here telling people to use illegal methods to cover up ownership, layer income, and evade taxes… how long do you think YouTube lets this go on?
  10. @stefanobreda6108: Then if you have a frontman every bank works bro
  11. @akuntan_pribadi_ku: We in indonesia known as Rekening Judol.
  12. @keeganrichards3163: @ 3:24 😂😂😂😂
  13. @eakubali8687: You are best❤️
  14. @sonny8085: Why do you live in France? Given that its an untrustworthy first-tier country 🤔
  15. @Ezekiel87w: Only thing we can do is create defi system. Which doesnt use any centraliced aplication. Only with opensource and fully decentraliced system we can reach fair internet
  16. @pl7zma: why doesnt the fake id method work?
  17. @Secede4OurNewFuture: Martin, are you going to Libertopia and to support Liberland? If a 1000 Orania's and Liberlands spawn globally its game over for the SY$TEM
  18. @FrancisJr-f1j: Trust!?!? I think what you mean to say is the mafia, cartels, and gangs that use the frontman approach will k;ll the frontman if they mess around. Let’s just be clear, that’s not trust.
  19. @harryukraine: That's fake news with Hakim.
  20. @oddballsok: From France to Thailand… wow

- How To Give Money Anonymously (4 ways): Kind: captions Language: en one of the things I love doing is giving money anonymously to people and kind of going through the James Bond kind of sneaky thing of getting it to them and it can really be a challenge sometimes but that's kinda what's fun about it and in this video I'm gonna show you some of the things that have worked for me and some other ideas and how you can give somebody money anonymously if that's something you're looking at doing and if you're new to our channel what we do here is gonna be practical tips and strategies to put more money in your pocket and we also talk about timeless biblical principles on how to manage it and so that in doing so we have a lot more money to give and we can do more fun stuff like this so if that sounds good definitely subscribe so you can hear from us as you create more stuff now before we get too far into this or actually two parts to this equation in the first part is getting the funds and not having them traced back to you which can be actually challenging these days and the next part is the delivery of the funds and maintaining your anonymity I think that's how you say it through that and we're gonna be talking about both parts of that in this video here and I will have multiple things that we're talking about I'll have them linked up in the description below if you need to click over and check them out any further now as far as getting this money and not having a trace back to you one thing you can do is get a pre-loaded debit card so you can basically get a debit card that is just pre-loaded with some cash on it and then you can give it to them and then they can spend that money and oftentimes you can do that and not have it traced back to you another thing I did one time is I went to my bank and had them create a new check for me with my account number printed on it so it wasn't out of my checkbook where it had my name and information on it it was just a blank check that they had at the bank and they added my account number on it so the money would come out of my account but there was no information on the check and so even though it did technically have my bank account number on it if the recipient took it to the bank is that hey I want to know whose account this is coming from no banker in their right mind is going to share that information another idea is you could possibly make this work with the money order sometimes you can get away doing that without including your actual information on the from field in there and then another idea is to use some sort of Visa gift card then you can even buy these on Amazon and send something like that now you could use cash but one of the downsides of doing that is if you put it in a mail and particularly if it's a larger this gets a little bit sticky you know because if you sent an envelope and it feels like a big wad of cash in there that probably isn't going to make it through the postal system without somebody running off with it which is unfortunate but they always say not to send cash through the mail and so that leads us to the next part of equation which is a delivery of this money that you're trying to get to the recipient and so one thing that I've done multiple times that has worked well is basically get an envelope and just not put in any return address on it don't want them to know my address you know also go to a post office that's not in my area because oftentimes the post office will stamp it with the location and so just to not give any indication of where it came from I'll go somewhere else and drop it in a post-office there yeah now if you're doing this probably using the check method is the best thing because you can write the name of the recipient on the check whereas some of the other options might be a little bit more risky if it gets into the wrong hands now if you don't want to send it through the mail you'd always just drop it in their mailbox if you know where they live now obviously you want to do this at a time when they're not really likely to see you driving by but if you happen to have some information when they're not gonna be home or when they're not gonna be looking out their window you could definitely go and drop it in the mailbox another thing that's worked well for me in the past is giving it to maybe a pastor a church or some other church leader and just say here I want you to give this to this person definitely do not tell them it came from me and do it at a time when it's just not obvious maybe when you're not even around maybe say wait two hours before you give it to them or something like that and if you do that and you actually have someone trustworthy delivering it for you that can work out really well and the last thing I want to mention especially if you don't live in the same town as the person is using a service like Xoom or like Western Union which often will allow you to send money anonymously and you can do it all over the world alright so those are all my ideas you have any of your own any great ones please leave them down in the comments below so we can make that a valuable resource for anybody looking for additional ideas and if you found this helpful I'd love it if you could hit that like button down below to let me know and thank you for being generous I love doing this and I hope you have a whole lot of fun too it's just it's fun sneaking around and just kind of giving somebody a gift so kudos to you keep up the good work be blessed be a blessing and I will see you in the next video and if you haven't already head over to SeedTime.com so you can get your free email course from us on How to Master Your Money Using Biblical Principles so that's all for today have a great rest of your day adios

  Top Comments:
  1. @floppybob1121 [4 likes]: If you send something to someone in the mail, put their own address in the "from" section in case the "to" section gets messed up and becomes illegible ...at least it will still be delivered to them
  2. @dianet.5750 [3 likes]: Thank you for the tips.  I can't believe how difficult this is.  It shouldn't have to be so complicated.  Giving out of the purpose of my heart and also paying it forward from when I was a recipient in a time of need.
  3. @marcuslowell5474 [1 likes]: I contacted xoom and western union and both say there is no way to send money anonymously??
  4. @killhttp [1 likes]: Trying to save my marriage rn
  5. @coolinmorgan653 [1 likes]: I really appreciate you hackbycharly0 on iG for the support you are giving me and my family with every weekly fund you add to my PayPal or Wu you really Impressed me
  6. @prashantunnikrishnan9885 [1 likes]: Bitcoin is the best way to pay anonymously and the other option is visa prepaid gift cards available at your nearest pharma or grocery store specially you can go for the american express gift card and give to anyone anonymously
  7. @Mr.K_Vibes: wat about cash apps
  8. @andrew-isac: How should the recipient can redeem this visa gift card lets say google’s , to CASH ?
  9. @dexterlockhart4825: Hey , my name is dexter and i just saw ur ved scrolling tru utube , am from st vincent and the grenadines where the volcano has recently errupted and am here asking from donations to help me n my fam becaz we lost everytin n still living in the shelter which is very fustrating . So ppl can u help us , any amount will do .
  10. @yabbadabbadooda: Thanks for the video. How do you go about sending money anonymously via Western Union?
  11. @Mp5965: Would anyone help a struggling single mother who has lost her job, is $9173 behind on rent with the risk of eviction, has $17048 credit card debt, unable to pay for childcare, and is unable to get a loan due to a poor credit score? If anyone can find in their hearts the love and trust to help, I can send the mailing address in private, or phone number, cash app username, crypto address, etc.
  12. @Markstechtalk06: You can use Bitcoin to remain partially anonymous if you’re using an alias. You need their wallet to send it to so they will know who sent it but if it’s under a fake name you’re safe there. Coinbase and other sites like that won’t tell them you’re info other than your wallets number.
  13. @Markstechtalk06: I don’t think you can use western union to remain anonymous anymore they ask your name and your receiver needs to know who sent it to get it. At least not easily.

I heard there  maybe a possible work around with just the checking account number if you send it that way but it takes longer and has a bigger fee. Also there’s a secret question and secret answer for small amounts of money under $100 or so. Not really truly anonymous as they will know you but if you use a fake identity or alias it’s a possibility
  14. @babaraina1442: This is so helpful . fr! will share it with my father !!!!
  15. @babaraina1442: Okay I should be honest here ... this is my fav video of you . maybe I am new here and I only watch 4 of your video but I still think this is the most meaningful video I' ve ever seen . like im not lying at all . im serious . but maybe I could change my fav video after watching some of your other video! I will watch 5 more video and leave a like and I will watch other tomorrow . Wish I could know your channel earlier! yes Im totally agree with you!
  16. @misleya6469: I hope someone can send me any help by  Anonymous people. 🙏
  17. @NJtoTX: Use one of your account starter checks that doesn't have your preprinted name and address. Sign illegibly.
  18. @macabre2899: There's this girl i was really into a few months ago. I really liked her but I messed everything up like I always do. She got into a bad car accident a while back and a friend of hers set up a go fund me for her. I would like to donate but I don't want any of them to know who it came from so here we are.
  19. @mr.ezrakings5403: Hey Guys, i just received $26K on my account successfully from mitnickweb - com from their hack service , i am so happy i have finally found a hack service that works
  20. @raymondashie6226: I came across your site in difficult times & i don't know how to say this , but i really need help financially. i was laid off due to the covid-19 virus, the company I work for is going through hard time so some of the stuff where laid off. and due to health reasons I found myself to be part of the laid off stuff;  I was diagnosis of  Atrial Fibrillation last year so I’ve been on medication till now. am yet to receive allowance, please if you can help me with anything no matter how small please, God Bless you.

- Anonymous Bank Account Opening: Kind: captions Language: en anonymous bank accounts swiss numbered accounts secret bank accounts they all mean the same thing for over a century the rich powerful and well-connected have used anonymous bank accounts to do all sorts of things and in today's video we're going to pull back the curtain on these secret accounts and give you the rundown on what they are why they existed and whether or not you can open one for yourself but first if this is your first time here don't forget to hit the subscribe button and the notification bell to make sure you get alerted every time we post new banking opportunities [Music] dictators arms dealers intelligence agencies and cheating spouses have used anonymous bank accounts for over a century some wanted privacy some did it to avoid taxes some wanted an untraceable account to disguise nefarious activities others use these accounts to hide money from ex-husbands and ex-wives disgruntled business partners or creditors but and this is important the desire to be private and maintain anonymity does not mean someone is a criminal or up to no good many people have used anonymous bank accounts throughout history to protect their nest eggs from corrupt governments or illegal seizures or even confiscation in their home countries but let's start looking at exactly what is an anonymous bank account an anonymous account also referred to as a numbered account is a bank account where the identity of the account holder is replaced with a multi-digit number or code the name of the client is only accessible to the client and a small circle of senior staff at the bank traditionally the account holder's name and code number were written on an index card stashed away in the bank safe and was only accessible to the banker and their boss like any account the money could either sit there and do nothing or it could be invested and grow it was up to the client but here's where things started to get dodgy it was the account holder's responsibility to report the account to the appropriate tax authorities if the owner didn't declare the account it was nearly impossible for tax authorities to find out that it existed in many cases this meant that the owner wouldn't pay taxes on the money in that anonymous account basically in the era of banking secrecy the thinking was that if no one knew about your money it wasn't taxable well that era is over everything changed in 2007. that's when ubs got busted for helping americans evade taxes with numbered accounts not surprisingly the u.s retaliated and rolled out the big guns it took three years for foreign account tax compliance act or fatca to be introduced that was quickly followed by a similar effort from the oecd in 2014 which you know as the common reporting standards or crs all of this was then followed by the panama papers leak in 2016 which then helped to expedite global information sharing governments everywhere cried out for more transparency more compliance more tax revenue so today we have tougher banking laws beefier kyc and aml rules and new compliance standards across the board translation banking secrecy is debt and for the most part so are anonymous bank accounts the point is banks automatically send your bank account details to tax authorities now and in order to open a bank account banks must know who the ultimate beneficial owner of the account is if they don't they'll get slapped with massive penalties lose their license and possibly be subjected to excruciating investigations so why do people still want anonymous a few of the common reasons include fascination and intrigue movies have added to the mystique of they're everywhere spy thrillers spielberg movies jason bourne even the wolf of wall street has a swiss banking scene where the main character opens an anonymous bank account second true privacy if you're from a country with corruption and weak rule of law you might not want corrupt bank employees or government officials to have access to your private bank information this makes you more vulnerable to blackmail kidnapping extortion and a host of other unpleasantries you might be concerned about privacy if you live in a litigious country especially one known for frivolous lawsuits and financial predators if bank and government employees can easily access your personal information and bank account details you're an easy target fourth protecting personal data some people might want an anonymous bank account to protect themselves from identity theft and cyber criminals if your name personal details and account information are easily accessible and splashed all over a bank's internal system you're vulnerable just like the 80 million clients of jpmorgan chase that had their data exposed in 2014 or the 100 million clients at capital one that were hacked in 2019 fifth asset protection other people want to open an anonymous bank account for more traditional reasons such as more robust asset protection a numbered account can shield your life savings from collections against fraudulent claims and frivolous lawsuits it can also protect you from predetermined guilt which is a fancy way of saying your money is frozen by the court because they think you're guilty before trial finally taxes let's not be naive one of the main reasons for wanting an anonymous bank account is to not pay taxes unfortunately many people incorrectly think that the best way to minimize taxes is by opening an anonymous bank account that isn't attached to your name this is tax evasion this is illegal in most countries don't do it it's not the 1980s you will get caught it's also important to remember that banking secrecy is dead and banks automatically send your bank details to tax authorities in your home country so is it possible to open an anonymous today well in the traditional sense of the term anonymous bank accounts are no longer possible because of modern requirements like kyc aml fatca and crs though for some reason certain people still think it's a great idea to try and open anonymous bank when they do this they often have a third party set up bank accounts for them this usually involves the third party being the signatory and the perceived owner of the account but another person is the actual owner and uses the account from behind the scenes in case you're wondering this is illegal in pretty much every country alternatively some people buy companies with functioning bank accounts that were set up by the previous owner or a nominee it's then up to the new owner to inform the bank and change the signatory most people inform the bank of the ownership change and then change the signatory but some people don't do this instead they continue to operate the account under the old signatory again this is almost always illegal and violates the term of use for the account plus after the bank catch is on the account will be frozen or shut down so what do people do instead well it depends on the type of benefits you're trying to obtain by having an anonymous bank account for instance by using 100 legal internationalization strategies you can reduce your taxes increase your asset protection and remove leverage that any one government has over you and your money and to do this you're going to need to strategically use international banking we outline how international banking supports your internationalization strategy in a report the international banking blueprint it's packed with rock solid strategies and details on how to get started including the ironclad approach that our team uses every single day to identify top banking jurisdictions for clients the snowbird secret that can save you thousands of dollars every year by choosing the right countries to bank in the three factors determining where and how to bank for every single person regardless of nationality and how to use foreign jurisdictions to get financial freedom and flexibility that always keeps you in a position of strength how you use these strategies and actually get started is going to depend on who you are where you're from and how much money you have for instance one of the most common strategies for reducing or eliminating taxes include becoming a non-resident in your home country establishing tax residency in a low tax or no tax jurisdiction alternatively you could get residency in a territorial tax country that does not tax foreign sourced income classic examples of territorial tax countries include panama and hong kong both of these scenarios will require you to set up banking for your investments structures and of course international but if you do all this you'll have already achieved 90 of the benefits that an anonymous account can offer you and it's all one hundred percent legal to get started you'll need to consider many different variables but one of the most important is accessing the best banks that will meet your objectives we help you get started with the international banking blueprint which you can access immediately when you join our flagship service global banks insider with global bank's insider you'll get instant access to our entire archive of banking intelligence reports and you will also get access to the global bank's database home to more than 250 banks from 50 plus countries including detailed bank profiles client preferences and a lot more finally you'll also get real-time analyst support from our team of experts ready to answer your most pressing banking questions and to make suggestions on which banks meet your internationalization objectives to get started just click the link in the description below to learn more about global banks insider and before signing off don't forget to hit subscribe so you get alerted every time we share thanks so much for watching and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @GlobalBankscom [2 likes]: Thank you for watching!!! Don't forget to download your FREE Non-Resident Banking Starter Guide HERE: https://globalbanks.com/non-resident-banking-clients/
  2. @jonniewaniak4494 [1 likes]: We have time for banking laws to make it easier for governments to steal your money
  3. @abut38715gmaildotcom: Abutaheruscompany
  4. @abut38715gmaildotcom: Abutaherusamembership
  5. @abut38715gmaildotcom: Abutaherusamembership
  6. @jonniewaniak4494: The ability for the US to keep doing this to banks, is coming to an end there will be numbered accounts again

- How to create an ANONYMOUS email account | FAST #privacy #encryption #torbrowser #tuta #anonymous: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone Brandon here from tuta and today I'm going to show you how to create an anonymous email account with the tour browser and tuta let's get started first you need to go ahead and install the tour browser on your device you can do that here at tour project.org they have browsers available for Windows Mac OS and Linux they even have apps for mobile devices like IOS and Android so go ahead and get that installed the next step is you need to go and find your best black hoodie be sure to put that hood up for maximum anonymity all right then you can go ahead and launch the tour browser already got that here so you as soon as you launch the browser you want to connect going to establish that connection here and now we want to search for tuta the default browser in the tour in tour is duck. go which is nice you might notice it loads a little bit slower and that is due to how your traffic moves across the tour Network so to to mail all right so hit the landing page and we want to hit create free email account this does take a little while to load now this is going to load up and give us a few different options free accounts and also paid accounts uh by using our partner proxy store you can use cryptocurrency and cash payments to create an anonymous premium account so then you can take advantage of all the great premium features in Revolutionary and Legend subscription plans uh without losing that anonymity which is great but for our purposes we're going to go ahead and use a free account so let's hit select don't own a free account and I won't use it for business uh keep in mind that free accounts are deactivated if they haven't been used for a period of six months that's listed right here hit okay all right now we'll choose our email address I've already created these randomly with my password manager have a good secure password all right let's hit next all right now we're presented with a capture this happens with all tour signups and it's a way to prevent Bots from creating accounts so what time do we have here 22 when using this please make sure that you're using um in this case two if you were to use 14 uh the capture would be rejected hit okay now it's going to create this account for us we've got a recovery code you go ahead and save this I'm not going to save it because I will delete this account as soon as we're finished hit okay so now we're back at our login page load that password up hit log in and this is going to bring us into our account you will see on your first login that this little window pops up all torso signups are limited uh restricted for 48 hours and penned manual approval uh this is approved by our support team between 24 48 Hours maximum 48 Hours um and once the account has been approved you can begin sending and receiving emails with your new anonymously created tuta account we hope you like this video maybe you learned something go ahead try the tour browser out if you like this video please like And subscribe and stay tuned for more privacy tips tricks and updates dates thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @ruper_odd [9 likes]: "Registration is temporarily blocked for your IP address to avoid abuse. Please try again later or use a different internet connection." Answer after using TOR browser to sing up a TUTA account email.
  2. @dragoninn489 [9 likes]: Is this some kind of joke? Put on your best black hoodie for maximum anonymity. Hilarious!!!
  3. @NefosG [2 likes]: "Registration is temporarily blocked for your IP address to avoid abuse. Please try again later or use a different internet connection."

Was using Tor. Screw this bs
  4. @jvianneyjr [2 likes]: Isn't possible create a tuta account using Tor network anymore
  5. @alapaher377 [1 likes]: Even proton..
  6. @gabbarsingh7182 [1 likes]: Dunno... Says my IP is blocked. Using NordVPN. Also wants me to enable JavaScript when using ToR. Defeating all purposes?
  7. @shaiiiderrr [1 likes]: will i be traced back if i choose the free version? and when i use the anonymous email, will it appear as anonymous in the header as well from the receiver?
  8. @ridwanibrahim4461 [1 likes]: Please can Tuta be use to spoof before sending out
  9. @ArchivarDerSchatten: Waiting for the supposed activation is the biggest load of rubbish in your organization. Even after 24 or 48 hours, you still don't have access or can't send anything because you just can't get it right. Get rid of this nonsense, it's bullshit. And the biggest outrage is that free users get NO support. What's the point of that? Absolutely outrageous!
  10. @LilNite_: to the guy who made this tutorial, you should be ashamed
  11. @betos-08: Lol this doesn't work now.
  12. @elizabethmkurtz4956: Do I need to create a new email address or use my own?
  13. @bomboclartbootyfart: Wants me to turn off my VPN and turn on Javascript...sounds like it wants to harvest at least some data.
  14. @Faron992: Nareszcie!! może Wam się uda zrobić porządek z dioz🙂
  15. @ranchy888: Couldn't create an account with my VPN turned on, so I turned it off, but now I have to send these guys an email explaining why I want to use their service (because my account was marked as spam or something like that.) I have never even used these guys before!! How the hell is this private?? They want my IP, name, explanation why I want to use their service, etc.
  16. @MrCake-ui8uo: Can i make gmail account from tor? I've been trying to make one.. But it ask me to put email in it.. And doesn't accept my account.
  17. @darrinkl: you dont need tor to set this up i did on brave browser
  18. @gkdjr3848: You should have used the onion site instead of the clearnet one
  19. @АндрейПрылипко-ф7г: Authorization doesn't work. I tried 2 times, with different logins - I registered through Tor, waited for confirmation for 48 hours and after 48 hours I can't go to the mail. Write: Invalid login credentials. Please try Again. When restoring access via recovery code, it gives the same error. As if the email is not registered at all. Why?
  20. @TERMINATOR581-y4u: Hi 
After using the mail can i be tracked through it anyhow ?
What level of encryption or no tracking does it provide in the free version ???

- How to Make YouTube Videos Without Showing Your Face - Faceless Videos With AI!: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to make YouTube videos without showing your face we're going to show you the best ways to make faceless videos including some awesome AI tools so that you can start creating videos quickly and easily so I'm going to run through the top options for you but make sure you stick around to hear them all out because you'll likely find that the best one for you might actually be a combination of multiple of these options so the first method to make faceless videos could be to record your actions so that way you don't need to be on camera but you're showing something happening so it could be that you're recording your hands and you're showing you make something it could be that you're showing off a particular product or tool without you needing to be on camera now showing your actions could also be recording your computer or your phone screen to show something happening and this is great if you're going to create some sort of tutorial content but the idea here is that we're showing the thing or showing the action without us needing to be on camera now with this style of content you might choose to add in a voice over of you maybe narrating what's happening or you could even use an AI Voice or even just text on screen if you really don't want your voice in the video either and we'll touch a little more on those things as we go through as well the next option is to use stock video footage so you don't even need to go out and shoot all the video content yourself you can use stock footage sites that already have massive libraries of video files that you can then use in your videos to build out your story even for the types of videos that we make on this channel you'll see that there is a lot of stock footage that we use to help make the videos more engaging and to keep our viewers engaged so this is where recommend sites like story blocks motion array and even art list Maxs and I'll also have a bunch of links and resources in the description box so definitely check those out another way to do it could just be creating a slide presentation so think a keynote or a PowerPoint presentation where you've got the key information just listed on screen and then you can just cycle through the slides as your video obviously again we could add voice over we could add music and things to make it more engaging but depending on the video you also might not need to that help you create amazing looking slide presentations this is where you could use tools like canva that make the process really really easy or you can download pre-made templates from places like en elements and some of them look really really good another option is simply to have text on screen and some of these videos can be super engaging and there's videos out there that literally just have text showing up on screen that have millions and millions of views now usually when this is done it is in combination with some sort of voice over or narration human or AI but it could also be that you're just adding some music in with this text to help make it more engaging too and this is something that if you're animating the text or you're changing it up on screen enough that it can create a really engaging video just in and of itself too now while this is a suggestion I would say that if it was me I'd definitely be leaning into using this more in combination with your own footage or stock video files but it doesn't need to be either the next option is using photos or Graphics to create your video now this could be photos or images that you've taken yourself or you could also purchase images or photos that you could use in your videos online as well and you could either have these images showing up one by one either as static images you could also edit them and have them flashing up on screen to maybe match the music track that you're using or you can even add some simple animations to the images to make them more engaging now this is something that a lot of video editing tools out there does have some preset effects that you can drag and drop onto graphics and images to add a slow zoom in or a pan across the image but then there's also tools out there like cap cut which have some Next Level effects allowing you to quickly and easily create amazing looking videos just from photos there's also websites like playet and in video that will allow you to create animations really easy live on their websites to help you animate your graphics and images for extra engagement or for those of you looking for Next Level templates that you can customize up that's where invado elements would be my go-to place and again I got tutorials and a bunch of resources all linked below to help you with this stuff even further another option for faceless videos is to use animations like you would see in instructional videos so you might have seen those videos where there's a screen drawing things out or even more cartoon style videos where there's a character explaining something these can be a great simple fast and effective way for you to get your message across too now my top recommendations to help you create videos like this are doodle and animer now probably the newest and the fastest changing method of creating faceless videos is to use AI video generators there's so many of these tools out there now and they can help you generate everything from the video script to the voice over to adding video footage and music all within minutes now we've tried and tested so many of these tools and as I said this is an area that is changing really really fast but my top recommendation right now is inv video AI it's definitely worth checking out but you'll also find there's a bunch of AI Tools in software like cap cut as well that has a lot of this kind of functionality too so while these are my top recommendations right now to help you create faceless videos I personally think that if you can push past your comfort zones and get on camera it's going to allow you to build a deeper relationship and repour with your viewers much much quicker but I obviously totally understand if you can't or you really don't want to and again that's where one of these options or really a combination of these options could be the best option for you right now and still allow you to create some really engaging helpful content now if you want to level up your video editing skills you can download our free video editing guide which is linked on screen which which will take you through the most efficient video editing process we also have a dedicated cap cut course for those of you wanting to dive in deeper and to get up to speed quick you'll find links to those in the description box below along with a bunch of other resources to help you too I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @RYLety-lb8bs [2 likes]: That means I can do some reaction videos without showing my face cause most YouTubers use images and I want to be able to talk but with the images as I am reacting to a video but unfortunately I tried doing videos of me reviewing emergency alert systems from other countries and it didn’t got much likings and not much attention like most people watched it but didn’t liked it or commented or anything
  2. @ibrahimmanhal8770 [1 likes]: thank you very much bro❤❤❤
  3. @shadow169-k7t: How about Davinci Resolve? You've recommended it many at times on your c Channel. Would that be a good option to use edit videos and like faceless videos as well on youtube
  4. @juegosfeliz-z4t: I don’t know what he is said
  5. @juegosfeliz-z4t: This guy was the best man ever in the world
  6. @SajiNair-oe8fw: 🦌 man🚶
  7. @Chrisplays-s1n: Hey
  8. @falatrancista: Chatgpt indicou seu canal 😊
  9. @todaydealsupgrade: Nice
  10. @SharifulIslam-ml6tz: Super❤
  11. @NazmulHassan-c4j: নাইছ
  12. @MDMoynulIslam-j5k: Nice🥰
  13. @Nurnobiislam77: Nice❤❤
  14. @Sumuugamingofficial: Nice bro
  15. @ArafatNilufa: Nice video
  16. @Justinekaliyangileo2: Thank you very l needed this
  17. @JobayerRahaman180-u2c: সুন্দর
  18. @donamit863: Nice 👍👍👍
  19. @LxshobujIslam: Very tempo tend 🎉🎉
  20. @MDkhorshedAlam-oc9kc: ❤❤❤

- How to edit FACELESS videos with CAPCUT like a PRO: Kind: captions Language: en-US So, when it comes to faceless videos, two crucial steps stand out: the editing and the scripting. Now, you might wonder, why go for this style? Well, there are a few reasons. Maybe you prefer not to show your face, or perhaps English isn't your strongest suit, making you a bit hesitant to speak on camera. Or maybe, like me, you simply enjoy the art of video editing. Unlike those who show their faces, we can't just rely on talking for hours against a black screen. We have to grab their attention with a visually engaging video, complete with creative and stunning effects – maybe even throw in a cool animation. And of course, a solid script is key. But don't worry, there are plenty of ways to polish up your writing skills. In this video, I'm going to walk you through how I put together my videos using just a few tools. So, stay tuned! Okay, folks, let's dive into how I make my videos. Step one – gotta have a killer idea. So, activate that creativity, gather some cool concepts, and let the brainstorming begin. Now, here's where I mix things up a bit. I mash together scripting and editing. Instead of writing the whole shebang, I focus on bits – like the intro and whatnot. Why, you ask? Well, stick around, and I'll spill the beans on that one. Once we've got a bit of script action going, it's time for the star of the show – editing. But hold on! Before we jump into step two, we need to whip up a thumbnail. It's like a sneak peek, a teaser for the main event. Back to editing – we'll talk about animation, slap on some background tunes, throw in sound effects, and the whole shebang. Once the video's a masterpiece, we're not done yet. We need a catchy title and a killer description. So, let's kick it off with step one. When I'm gearing up for a video, I usually kick things off with a shot of inspiration. Lucky for me, I've got ideas popping up left and right – must be the creative bug in me. (By the way, subscribe to my videos so you don't miss anymore.) Now, I get it, not everyone's a walking idea factory. So, here are three nifty steps to help you out – Search, Observe, Take Action. First up, dive into your niche, and do a little digging. Find a video creator who's got the vibe you're after. Next – observe their editing style and their Take some notes and write them down. Then, take that inspiration and run with it. Grab a pen, make a table – spill your ideas out. What videos do you want to make? What editing tricks are you itching to try? It's like brainstorming but with a game plan. Oh, and here's a pro tip – go for a niche that's a bit of a hidden gem. Low competition but high results. It's like striking gold when you find one. So, go ahead, dig in, and let those ideas flow! Okay, so let's talk about thumbnails, the first thing your viewers see. If you want them to click on your video, your thumbnail game has to be on point. I use Canva for this. It's a great tool with lots of templates, images, and handy features. They've even added some AI tools recently to make things smoother. Here's how I make my thumbnails: I find a template that fits my video idea, tweak it to my liking, and there you go. Now, you might wonder, 'Don't you have to pay for most stuff on Canva?' Yeah, you do. But honestly, if you're serious about this for the long haul, CanvaPro is worth it. Think about all the templates, elements, and tools you get. Sooner or later you will understand that you also have to invest money in your business. The first link in the description leads you to CanvaPro. Now, take a look at the thumbnail – looks good, right? Alright, let's move on to the next step. So, when it comes to making my videos, I've got this two-step combo going on. First, I tackle bits of the scripting, and then it's off to the editing room in CapCut. Now you've got choices. Some folks use tools like ChatGPT or even CapCut itself to draft their scripts. Me? I'm old-school. I enjoy writing my scripts manually. Feels more natural, and I can let my imagination run wild. But, hey, you could also hit up Chat GPT for a topic if you require some inspiration. Both ways have their pros and cons. It's just about finding what suits your style. I like to roll up my sleeves and pen down my ideas. Keeps things real, you know? Alright, for those who might be finding their feet in the scripting game, I've got a couple of tips to make things smoother. In case English is not your mother tongue, I also have a tip. You could use deepl.com to write your script. Either from your language to English or the other way. Then go to chat gpt and enter this command... All commands are in the video description as well as useful links to tools I use in the video. Then the AI will spit out a text for you and you can copy it and use it for your script. Practice makes perfect. Don't stress if your first few scripts feel a bit shaky. The more you do it, the more comfortable you'll become. So, embrace the learning curve and keep refining your style. Now to understand why I write the script in parts at all, you should know how I get this great voiceover. So let's get to the most elaborate but also most interesting part of the video. The editing... Welcome to the fun part of the video! Before I show you how to edit your videos to be as cool and good as mine, let's talk a bit about voiceovers. CapCut has this awesome function called text-to-speech. The process is pretty simple: you type some text in the field, choose a voice you like, and convert the text to speech. For today's video, I'm using the premium voice from "Will" because it sounds natural, and you don't need to cut much out. But before I bought the premium version, I used this one. By the way, if you want to try CapCut Pro for 30 days, you can access the link in the description. Now, you have your audio. In 80% of cases, the app does well, but there are sometimes parts where it stops unnecessarily, especially when you insert longer texts. That's why I would recommend you insert short phrases instead of whole texts. If you have any pauses or unwanted parts in the video, you can easily cut them out. I'll use this sentence to show you how to cut out the places... You see, it's that simple. Now that you have your voiceover, let's talk about the animations and footage you can use for your video. Alright, when it comes to editing, you've got a few options to choose from. Some folks use stock footage for their videos with a voiceover in the background. I've found that relying solely on stock footage makes the video a bit dull, so I use a different technique for mine. But don't worry, just because stock footage doesn't work that well for me doesn't mean it won't in other niches. For instance, if you're running a facts channel, you could go for using only stock footage. And if you need these kinds of images or videos, here are a few websites: Pixabay, Freepik, Mixkit, or Envato. Now, I'd say I use stock photos or videos about 10% of the time for my videos. In most cases, I combine animations with effects and texts. It takes a bit of time to get the right feel for the effects and the video. Now, you'll understand why it's also important to write the scripts in parts. I work with phrases and try to find the perfect animation and video for each. Let's take this phrase as an example. I talk about ChatGPT and CapCut, so I made this animation that perfectly illustrates what the voiceover is saying. Now, I'm going to teach you how easily I put it together. You choose a text, import the icons or images you want to talk about, choose to fade in as an animation, and you're done. It's that simple. Now, you could repeat the same thing, but the video would get boring if you used the same technique every time. So, I'm going to share another one with you. And don't forget to smash the like button – this video cost me a lot in special effects. If you're stuck on editing, you can use words. CapCut has a bunch of text templates and styles you can use to make plain text look fantastic. But don't overuse this technique; it can take up a lot of your time. Just pick a sentence and try to sync it with the voiceover. It might sound complicated, but check out this example to understand it. Simple but effective. Match the words and go for short sentences. No need for fancy effects, just the text. My last tip on this topic: if you're struggling with an editing gap, focus on one word and try to implement an animation from Canva or stock footage that visualizes that word. Now, let's talk about backgrounds. I don't want to dwell too much on this topic. As you can see, I'm sticking to a single background because I believe that just having a black background doesn't look that appealing. I created mine using Canva, and in just a few seconds, I'll show you how I did it.So, we've covered scripting, animations, and backgrounds, and now the only things left are sound effects and music. There isn't much you need to pay attention to here. When you play music in the background, it's crucial to choose non-copyrighted music to avoid getting banned or receiving a copyright strike – YouTube's got your back on that. Additionally, I'd recommend adding sound effects to your transitions and some elements of the video. You might wonder why. Well, watch the same video without sound effects and then with sound effects. Notice the difference? Just be sure to add a sound after every transition. With a bit of practice, you'll get the hang of it. A compelling YouTube title and description are crucial for attracting viewers and improving search visibility, as they serve as the first point of engagement and key indicators for algorithms. Alright, let me walk you through how I pick my titles. First things first, I browse through videos in my niche on YouTube. I scroll through my YouTube feed until I stumble upon a catchy title that fits my video. Once I find one, I copy the title and head over to Chat GPT. I paste the title, use a specific command, and voila, I've got my title. After that, with another command, I get my description sorted, and there you have it – a nice description and a captivating title ready for your video upload. Easy as that! "Thank you so much for watching! If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to give it a thumbs up and hit that subscribe button for more content. Feel free to leave your thoughts or questions in the comments below – I love hearing from you! And, of course, stay tuned for the next video. Until then, take care, and I'll catch you in the next one. Bye for now!"

  Top Comments:
  1. @editspro94 [3 likes]: Hey guys, 👋 here is my newest video about how to use Keyframes in CapCut properly. Enjoy it and let me know your opinion in the comments!  
New video: https://youtu.be/xYGEXuIGzP0
  2. @BoutteAndert: This tutorial is top notch I really appreciate the effort.
  3. @GenzelBuckreis: The editing is underrated I will come back to watch it again.
  4. @ValerieKincaid-s7m: This channel is underrated It deserves more views.
  5. @BaridonTroll: This video is underrated It helped me understand better.
  6. @BahlmannMeister: This tutorial is amazing It helped me understand better.
  7. @JessieJasiah: This performance is worth sharing It made my day better.
  8. @BoutteAndert: The way you present is worth sharing I will definitely recommend this.
  9. @GenzelBuckreis: The production quality is top notch I learned a lot from it.
  10. @BaridonTroll: The content is very impressive This deserves recognition.
  11. @BahlmannMeister: The production quality is worth sharing I will come back to watch it again.
  12. @JessieJasiah: This performance is underrated It made my day better.
  13. @DemiLaineJohnstone: This video is top notch I enjoyed every second of it.
  14. @AldonzaLowden: The content is worth sharing It helped me understand better.
  15. @AldonzaLowden: The production quality is amazing I enjoyed every second of it.
  16. @MeadowArianna: This video is amazing I really appreciate the effort.
  17. @NaudPullom: The way you present is well made I learned a lot from it.
  18. @BeutherVanwyk: The content is top notch I will come back to watch it again.
  19. @BalderMauzy: The way you present is very impressive I will come back to watch it again.
  20. @mu88ioonline: This tutorial is amazing It helped me understand better.

- Why 99% of Faceless Channels fail (YOUTUBER EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you why 99% of faceless YouTube channels fail and how you can be in the 1% that succeed but before we get into it let me explain why you should even be listening to me in the first place see I started creating faceless YouTube channels in 2017 since then I've grown over 20 faceless YouTube channels some have failed some have blown up to millions of views and from two of the channels I've made over $100,000 so in this video I'll share what I've learned over the last 6 years so that you're not in the 99% that try and fail you've probably heard of faceless YouTube channels but if you haven't picture a YouTube channel with no YouTuber in the videos that's it that's all they are and the first thing you need to know about why 99% of them fail is because people come into it thinking faceless YouTube channels are an easy way to get rich quick online and that's probably because there's a ton of YouTube videos out there telling you that that is the case people will tell you to Outsource everything go to Fiverr get a script writer a voiceover artist a video editor editor a thumbnail designer and you'll start making $10,000 per month in no time now while that $10,000 per month is definitely possible it's not going to happen in no time a lot of people have the expectation that they'll post a couple videos on YouTube that they wouldn't even watch for themselves and all of a sudden they're going to be making $10,000 a month if that's your expectation feel free to hop off of this video because that's just not the reality of it as much as I'd love for it to be it's not so you faceless YouTube channels need to be treated like any other big business to make them successful you have two choices either you can put a lot of work and time in doing every part of the video making process or you can spend a lot of money Outsourcing each component of the video making process which we will talk about in a little bit here so stick around but just know that simply going to Fiverr and hiring a couple different people to put some videos together for $10 that's not going to get you any success on YouTube growing a faceless YouTube channel takes just as much effort as if you were growing a channel with you in the actual videos the algorithm that you're facing is the same one that took Mr Beast 4 years to get his first 1,000 YouTube subscribers it took me almost 20 videos to get monetized on YouTube and to get those 20 videos made it took about $800 out of my own pocket before I even saw my first dollar and even after I saw that first dollar come from YouTube it still took me multiple months to become profitable because the amount of money that I was paying to get the videos made was less than YouTube was actually paying P me on a monthly basis took me until 8 months to actually be profitable with my first faceless YouTube channel so don't expect to go out there and start making $10,000 a month or even just a couple hundred a month for at least 6 to 8 months the next reason that most faceless YouTube channels fail is twofold people try to Outsource everything from day one and they don't actually understand how YouTube works let me explain see in order to actually make money from YouTube you need 1,000 subscribers in 4,000 watch hours or 10 million short views if you were to post 10 10 minute long YouTube videos and people watch 30% of the way through each video which believe it or not is actually pretty difficult to do each video would need 8,000 or more views in order to reach monetization eligibility there are so many people out there just saying to Outsource every aspect of the video making process but in reality if you were to Outsource everything it would cost you about $1 to $150 per video for 10 videos that's ,000 to $1,500 in total and on average it takes about 30 to 50 videos to get monetized on YouTube that's anywhere from $3,000 to $77,500 just to get enough videos created to possibly make your first dollar on YouTube so there's a lot of money that you will need upfront to start making money if you Outsource everything from the start but there is another option which a lot of people don't talk about but it's definitely the best way to get started and that's to do everything yourself and I know that sounds terrible doing all the work but hear me out putting the videos together yourself will allow you to learn the YouTube algorithm to make better decisions on video ideas titles thumbnail design and feedback on editing for when you do ultimately Outsource the video creation most faceless YouTube channels fail because people don't actually understand the YouTube platform and if you create all the videos yourself at first you will actually understand the YouTube platform and not only just the platform but the YouTube analytics which is the most important part of the YouTube platform they show you exactly who is watching your content what titles people like what style of thumbnail Works what other videos your audience is watching and if you understand how to read the YouTube analytics YouTube is essentially screaming at you how to get more views once you're monetized and once you have a good understanding of YouTube analytics and the algorithm and how the platform Works guess what you are 99% ahead of any other person who's trying faceless YouTube channels and it's time to start Outsourcing when you do Outsource you'll need to hire a script writer for the script a voiceover artist for the audio a video editor for the visuals and potentially the music and sound effects too a graphic designer for thumbnails and again this is going to cost you anywhere from $100 to $150 per video especially if you're making high quality videos and if you're not making high quality videos no one's going to watch your videos you're not going to get subscribers you're not going to get growth and you're not going to make any money from YouTube so make high quality videos please but you don't have to Outsource every part of the YouTube video making process at first you can still write the script and make the thumbnails while hiring a video editor for say $50 and a voiceover artist for say $20 or you could use an AI tool which allows you to put in one prompt and spit you out a monetizable fulllength YouTube video with the voiceover editing visuals everything done for you and you can even tweak the script afterwards or you could replace the visuals with ones that work better and ones that you like more or you can change the voiceover to your liking you can customize it however you want but using an AI tool like in video AI for instance will help you a lot in the process but either way if you're Outsourcing to people or to AI you don't have to do it all at once you can go slowly and gradually move closer to fully automating your faceless YouTube channel because remember the goal of your faceless YouTube channel is to make money if you're throwing a ton of money out without bringing any in then unfortunately you're not really doing it right and that brings me to the number one reason that 99% of faceless YouTube Channel fail they don't actually understand how to make money on YouTube they rely solely on AdSense and when they put a couple videos out and they're not making any money and their Channel's not monetized then they quit 99% of people will quit but you can actually start making money from your first video that you put out on YouTube you can do that through affiliate marketing affiliate marketing is when you talk about or show a product or service in your videos and if a viewer uses a unique affiliate link that you put in the descriptions to purchase that product or service you make a commission off of the sale let's look at top Tech now for instance it's a faceless YouTube channel that does tech reviews this is a great way to make money outside of AdSense they might do a review on say a $500 tech product and they might have a 20% affiliate commission if they get one sale from one viewer say 10 people view the video but if one person goes to the link in the description buys that product they get $100 that's $100 from one video people don't understand that you can make a lot of money and you'll probably make more more money than you will from AdSense from affiliate marketing and to find affiliate deals there's affiliate networks like ClickBank or partner stack or you could go to most websites of products or services that you like and most importantly that align with the content that you're actually putting on on your channel you scroll down to the bottom of the website and usually you'll be able to find a link to sign up as an affiliate once you sign up as an affiliate you'll put your link in the description of your videos and if someone buys you'll start making money you will not be relying solely on AdSense see this whole thing thing is about setting your expectations ahead of time and if you understand that faceless YouTube channels won't get you rich immediately Outsourcing from day one is not the best method in understanding how to make money outside of AdSense is crucial for Success your faceless YouTube channel will not be in the 99% that fail I really hope you guys got a lot of value out of this video make sure to hit that subscribe button because this is the first video of a series of videos on faceless YouTube channels where we're going to talk about everything from how to start them how to monetize them how to grow them how to get multiple channels going so that you have an army of faceless YouTube channels making money for you everything you need to know about faceless YouTube channels so hit that subscribe button thanks for watching and we will see you again soon in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @spideranime123 [1 likes]: Bro I got no views😢😢
  2. @BudgetWithBuck: Nice video, bit it's not about a high quality video, it's more about solving problems from real people.
  3. @prm4uofficial: Момент про то, что большинство безликих каналов умирают из-за отсутствия чёткой ниши — это прям ключевое, потому что алгоритм буквально не понимает, кому рекомендовать видео, если канал обо всём подряд. Ещё один убийца роста, который редко упоминают — первые 2-3 секунды в шортсах решают, досмотрят или свайпнут, и тестировать нужно именно хуки, а не просто темы. Какой формат хуков у тебя показал лучшее удержание за эти 7 дней? 🤔
  4. @frenchfryofthesea: So in other words you have to have a good amount of money to do YouTube right. Gotcha.
  5. @michaelhoward5169: Really discouraging right off the bat! He's grown over 20 YT channels over a period of SEVEN YEARS, some of which have gone to MILLIONS of views (as of the date of the video). And from all that work he has made only $200K. And this guy is clearly quite successful as a creator in relative terms. This relatively small payoff for all that effort and time investment should be a massive warning signal right there for YT as a business model.
  6. @Knwyrs: Good to know
  7. @Mirrorblind: I’ve just started a channel and it is faceless. I have disabilities so there is no way I want to be viewed on video. I HAVE to use Ai and copyright free videos. I try not to make Ai slop and my script has a lot of serious work in it. I hope YouTube see that Ai isn’t all “slop”.
  8. @TheGiftofEden: Thank you so much ! I was just waiting on a quick …. Get rich quick stuff!!
  9. @jadhasaura67_cr7: now it doesn't cost 1500$ to build a video, with AI it takes 30$ a month to make 30 faceless videos.
  10. @splitterCELL94: The advice on doing everything yourself first to understand the analytics before outsourcing is so crucial, definitely a game changer for long-term success
  11. @prm4uofficial: Про удержание в безликих каналах: первые 0.5 секунды решают всё. Тестировал hook с текстом "НЕ листай" vs контекстный визуал — второй вариант дал +34% к досмотрам, потому что мозг обрабатывает картинку быстрее команды 📊
  12. @SmartMoneyMichael: This video is really interesting. I also created my own faceless channel (for now). It's only been around for 11 days. I'd love to hear what you think... Check it out if you like... Thanks!
  13. @Faceless-2-5-23: IWillKeepThatInMindThen
  14. @AabidKhan-pt9cf: As a video editor myself i charge 1000 usd plus for 10 min of "high quality" video 😂
  15. @CrimeWatchWithBennyson: Following your steps is the best thing that happened to me and my channel, .. thanks 🙏
  16. @chroniclesoftheunknown-z8r: This said a lot, a lot of people just lie about how much to be made within short of time within talking about the work , I started mind a month and half ago, yet I Realised I need a successful channel I can look up to when I’m making my videos..
  17. @HauntHorizon4: This is good
  18. @VOIPDIALS: I am a YouTube expert. I create high-quality thumbnails, manage faceless YouTube channels, and help grow social media accounts. I use simple and effective strategies to increase views, subscribers, and engagement. My goal is to help people build strong online brands and reach more audiences.
  19. @BetFlowMedia: I have a youtube shorts faceless channel.  I use Capcut and free vertical videos.  I put out 1 video a day 7 days a week.  Today I just put out video #34.  Its starting to grow.   The key is to never stop.  1 year from now you will be making money
  20. @gibsonhenry-e2b: This really breaks down practical steps creators can use to grow and monetize their channel effectively

- How to Make YouTube Videos Without Showing Your Face (Faceless Video Ideas!): Kind: captions Language: en - Are you wondering how to make YouTube videos without showing your face? Yes, it is possible, and yes, it can work on YouTube. In this video, we'll show you how to do it, and the best faceless video ideas that you can use to easily create new videos without appearing on camera. Okay, so this is a topic that we get asked about quite a lot. And while there are definitely benefits of appearing on camera, it's certainly not a requirement. And there's plenty of examples of successful faceless YouTubers who use a lot of the ideas that we're covering off in this video. So whether you're camera shy or you're just looking for ways to streamline your video creation, this video has everything you'll need. Now, with all of the options we're gonna cover, you're not just limited to just one in any video. You can easily incorporate a mix of a few or all of these into your videos to keep your viewers engaged. So I definitely suggest sticking around to the end so that you know what tools you have available. So option number one is to capture and record B-roll footage, and to use that as your primary video footage. In a video like this one that you're watching here now, where I'm talking to camera, that's typically known as your A-roll, your primary footage, and your B-roll would be any additional footage to help your viewer understand or to follow along with the video. So you don't need to be in your video, you don't need to be presenting or speaking in your video. You can literally just demonstrate what it is you're doing, demonstrate a process, show how something is done, make something. So it could be that you're still filming your entire body. It could be that you're filming your hands making something or doing something, but essentially here you're filming a process without needing to present or talk to camera. Option number two is to create a screen recording. You can easily record your computer screen or your phone screen, your iPad or tablet screen, and use that to create an engaging video. So this one, again, is gonna be great for creating a tutorial or talking through a process, literally showing where you're clicking or tapping on your device so that your viewers can follow along. This method is also great for creating gaming videos, as well, literally anything where you can show your phone screen or your computer screen that your viewer can follow along with, or be entertained by. Now, in terms of how you create videos like this, how you screen-record your Mac, your PC, your iPhone, or your Android device, we've got videos linked to down in the description that will help you with all of those. Option number three is to use stock footage. You don't need to go and film everything yourself. There are amazing services out there that offer libraries of content that you can download and use to create videos with. Now there's lots of different stock footage archives out there. Some of them free, some of them paid, some of them worth your time and others you'll wanna stay well clear off. And we've done a full breakdown on these and shared our top recommendations in a video that I will link up in the cards now and in the description, as well. But my top two recommendations right now are Storyblocks and Artgrid, and that's where we go for any stock footage for all of our videos. So option number four is to use slide presentations. Think PowerPoint or keynote presentations, but to use them as an actual video, as well. Now, in terms of creating videos from your PowerPoint or Keynote presentations, both PowerPoint and Keynote do have the ability to record your presentations and let you save out a movie file with them. creating an entire video just using those programs, or you can save those videos out from those applications and then put it into your editing software to add extra graphic elements, titles, and those sorts of things to create a more engaging video. But the best way I've found to really level up your slide presentations is to use templates for your slides from places like Envato. They've got some great templates in there and some of them have some really cool animations and things, as well, all again, to help you create a much more effective video or presentation. So you don't need to start from scratch or just use the built-in templates that everybody uses. There are some amazing ones that you can download, install, customize up and really create something amazing quick and easily, starting with a template from a service like Envato. Option number five is to use text on screen. So this could be depending on the video that you might have every single word, word for word written out as text on screen, to match up with a voiceover or a narration that you've got, or it could be just to bring up key points that you're covering off in your video. So this doesn't mean that you need to have a voiceover or a narration. There are some really effective videos there's literally just music and text written on screen. Now, in terms of creating these, you could manually type everything out word by word, and you could do that if it's a relatively short video. For longer videos where there's a lot of text, I definitely recommend using some sort of auto-transcribing service like Rev. They've got an awesome AI option, which is cheap, or they've also got a human option, where an actual human is gonna go through, and type out your voice over your narration for you, and give you back a text document. The human way is definitely more accurate, but once you've got that transcript of your voiceover or your narration back, then you can easily add that text into your editing software either by manually copying and pasting the text, or a lot of video editing software now will let you import a subtitle file, which Rev will give you. Now, in terms of other ways that you can do this, there's other desktop applications like Descript and Kapwing. Both of these will automatically transcribe or type out your text for you. And they'll also help you customize up your titles and text and change the look and feel of them and save out a video all in the one app. Another great option for creating this type of video is to use title templates. You can customize up and use animations and things to really create professional looking titles. So this is another one where Videohive from Envato really stands out with templates you can download, customize up and use in your videos. Or also, Placeit. Placeit will actually let you use all of their templates and customize them up there live on the screen, so that you can either download a complete video from Placeit, or you can download it and still use it in your editing application or software, as well. No matter which way you go creating videos where you do have text on the screen, this is a perfect example of where it doesn't just need to be text on screen. You might move the text over to the side to help emphasize any key points or to show other things on screen at the same time. Number six is to use animations. So it could be that you're creating a video where you've got those whiteboard-drawing style animations, or you might even have animated characters, like a cartoon. And these videos are actually surprisingly much easier than you think to create. There's great services like Doodly and Animaker that make both of those types of videos really, really easy for you to create. Or you can always find an animator on places like Fiverr and Upwork and commission them to do the work for you relatively cheaply. And again, there's some really big channels out there and the videos that they're creating are just animations. Option number seven is to use animated photos and graphics. So these days in most video editing software and apps, it's really easy to drop in all of your photos or your graphics to apply some simple effects, to add the Ken Burns effect or a slow zoom in or a slow pan to then easily add some transitions between the different graphics so that they flow smoothly and that they create more engagement. But there's also some really cool apps and tools out there right now to help you take this to the next level, like Capcut, for instance. It's got this amazing 3D photo effect that you can literally drag and drop onto your clips, and it will create a 3D motion effect from your photos. So this type of effect used to take a long time to go and build out in software like Adobe After Effects. So it's so awesome that you've now literally got a drag-and-drop effect in Capcut, but also in other video editing apps and tools, as well, to help you do this really, really quickly. Now, I've also recently released a full tutorial on how to use Capcut and I'll link that one up in the cards, as well. And the other way that you can create some really amazing videos just from your photos or graphics is again to use templates from Videohive and Placeit. And I promise this is not a sponsored video. They have no idea we're making this. I'm definitely a big fan. But again, there's a ton of awesome templates you can customize up with your own photos, your own graphics, your own video files, and it's gonna tie them all together and it's gonna make them look awesome. And again, if you're not using more professional video editing software, then that's where Placeit will let you customize all of that up, upload your own photos and graphics and videos all to their website and build out your template and your video just on their website. Now, both Videohive and Placeit have templates that start under $10, but they've also both got subscription options, as well. So that's seven different ways that you can create videos all without being in them. And while all of these options are great and can get you awesome results, one thing to note is that showing your face on camera does help you build a rapport and a relationship with your viewers, much more effectively. As you grow, I would definitely encourage you to explore different ways to see if this is an option for you, especially if being camera shy is the main reason that you're choosing not to appear on camera. I felt the same way when I first started out. And honestly, it does get much easier over time. So now that you know how to create amazing videos without being in them, linked on screen is a video where we take a deep dive into the best options for finding stock video footage to use in your videos. We cover off on free options, and paid options, and the subscription options, as well. So definitely check out that video, and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TiffanyMoore-ht7os [1 likes]: I like all of the faceless videos on youtube
  2. @Chithrachannapa [1 likes]: Who's waching in 2025❤
  3. @OwlMystical [1 likes]: I only recently found out I can make a video from powerpoint (did a school assignment). I just need to be able to figure out how to put a narration so I don't have to use my voice (I dont like my hearing my voice). 
Very informative.
  4. @lolathecattheboys7817 [1 likes]: Thanks so much . I have been so anxious about making my first video. I am so nervous in front of the camera but getting more confident at doing a voice over but love the idea of texting too A new subscriber
  5. @Scotthappylife: 😮
  6. @ITSJUSTMINAHIL: I still don’t get it bro😂
  7. @roseantoniomktg: Can you recommend a good microphone to use?
  8. @BetterThanBefore-yt: Awesome presentation, I really needed this. Thank yourfor your work.
  9. @Fosterkidsbreathe: Ha-ha! Thus was exactly what Iwas looking for!
  10. @robinkarlsson2671: how i ensure they are not reproducing copyrighted material the images i generate with Ai?
  11. @hamail_ahmad: I'll try ❤
  12. @CursedPlyazz: banger
  13. @Gabriel-j5v8t: Anyone here in 2025
  14. @eForeverr: So um wanna make videos of games (screen recording ) but where can I get my voice audio?
  15. @AudreyMalcolm-d5s: People watching in 2025🎉🎉🎉
  16. @TwitchFNgoat: As you'll see. Most of my videos dont include voice overs or face. I'm trying to make it big that way

Hopefully it works
  17. @classicappetite: Great tips there, thanks a lot! May I ask what is your main video editor software?
  18. @LifestyleVlogs2226: Thank you sir
  19. @Makanamakes: 2:10 💀😂
  20. @Threadart-i8i: Your English is too hard to understand...

- How to Make a FACELESS YouTube Channel - Full Course: Kind: captions Language: en are you interested in making money with a YouTube channel where you don't show your face but don't know how to start in this video I'm going to show you how to set up a faceless YouTube channel from scratch using only AI tools that's right everything from writing scripts to voiceovers and even images and videos will be made by AI but before we get started let's look at something interesting this channel has gotten millions of views by making short stories that get people motivated and inspired just look at these videos 9 million views 6.4 million views and 5.2 million views this channel is making eight thousand eight hundred dollars a month you might be asking is it too late to start a YouTube channel like this not at all here's why take a look at this new channel it's only been around for three months but it already has over 10 000 subscribers and this video was posted just a month ago and already has over 486 000 views without further Ado let's get to it first and foremost you will need to create a fresh YouTube channel head over to youtube.com and log into your Google account once you are logged in look at the top right corner of the screen and click on your profile picture if you haven't created a channel before and if this is where you'll find the create a channel auction this brings us to our next step deciding on our channel name to brainstorm ideas we'll be using chat GPT given that our content will center around motivational short stories we will ask chat GPT to suggest 20 unique and catchy names for our motivational YouTube channel as you can see it's generated a list of 20 possible names I'm particularly fond of uplift Universe at this point we can also choose our YouTube channel handle you have the option to upload your profile picture now or you can do it later when we further customize the channel after this click on create channel [Music] our YouTube channel is now life here's what it looks like our next step is to customize our Channel you can either click on customize channel here or go to your profile picture navigate to YouTube Studio and you'll find the customization option on the side next let's go to The Branding section this is where you can upload or modify your profile picture and even add your banner image helpful details and requirements for various image sizes are also provided here for your convenience to design our profile picture we'll be using canva let's go to canva.com and in the search bar type in YouTube logo and hit enter you'll find a bunch of YouTube logo templates here feel free to browse through them and see if any fits your needs okay initially I chose this one but after scrolling down a bit I decided to opt for another one this one is more to my liking it's simple and clean for reference our competitors profile picture is just plain text on a black background I'm going to change the elements color to white and the background to Black next I'll add our channel name to the canvas after that I'll make a few adjustments to the placement and size of the elements for a balance and Visually appealing design once you're satisfied with your profile picture click on share and then download there are other AI tools available for creating a profile picture as well which I'll show you how to do when we get to create the thumbnail and images for our video now let's proceed to design our Channel Banner also using canva simply search for YouTube banner and select the template that appeals to you the most I'm going to go with this one we'll need some catchy text for our Banner to get that we'll turn to chat GPT once again and request it to generate 10 YouTube Banner text ideas suitable for a motivational Channel there are several options I decided to go with this one so I'll copy it now back to canva where I'll paste the chosen text I will delete any unnecessary text I will also change the font and adjust its size and there we have it our Banner is ready to download let's hop back to YouTube Studio to upload our freshly designed profile picture and Banner click upload and select our profile picture then click done for the banner image follow a similar process select upload choose our Banner image then click done and publish now let's see our new channel we can see our profile picture and banner have been added with that our Channel branding is complete next we need a motivational short story for our video to generate this we'll be turning to chat GPT once again given the popularity of Zen teachings in the realm of motivational content I'll use a prompt requesting short story ideas with Zen teachings as their core themes these stories should be applicable to our daily lives as you can see chat GPT responds by providing a range of story ideas the lesson of the overflowing Cup this story is about an overworked executive who learns to find contentment by letting go of material desires and embracing Simplicity I find this story idea intriguing and it provides a good starting point for us now with this idea in mind we can ask chat GPT to write a short story based on it once chat GPT completes the story all we need to do is copy it now that we have our short story it's time to bring it to life with a voiceover for this purpose we're going to use murph.ai first things first type murph.ai into your Google search bar if you're new to this just follow the signup process if you've already registered click on the login button and proceed to the Open studio option next click on create project let's name our project then choose audio and start blank and click create project you'll be taken to a new page on this page you'll find a variety of voice options that Murph provides you'll find a range of languages and accents including various English dialects such as US and Canada UK Australia and more you can also filter the voices by gender and age to create the voiceover you just need to paste your script into the given field and click generate audio once the audio creation process is complete you can play it back to check if it meets your expectations as Richard walked into the humble abode of the Zen master he was struck by the stark contrast between the Master's simple dwelling and his own luxurious Penthouse if you're satisfied with the result click export located in the top right corner then click download to store your file next we need to generate some images to serve as visuals for our story for this we'll use leonardo.ai a free to use text image generator if you're new to Leonardo just follow the sign up process you've already registered you'll be greeted by the Leonardo interface like this in the upper left corner you'll see something called tokens these tokens are used to generate your images in the free tier users get 150 tokens per day which should be more than sufficient for our purposes to create an image click AI image generation write a detailed description of how you want your image to look you can use chat GPT to write this description here's the prompt I typically use afterchat GPT provides a description copy and paste it here you can specify the number of images and their Dimensions that you want Leonardo to generate then click generate you can enhance the resolution of your image by using the upscaling feature right here this will cost you five tokens what your images are prepared and you're satisfied with the results simply click on download image with our visuals in hand we can now move on to creating the video for this we'll use cap cut a free and user-friendly video editor if you haven't yet signed up for cap cut visit the website and sign up using your Google Tick Tock or Facebook account or any other email address once signed in click on create new video and upload the voiceover we created with Murph and the images from Leonardo now it's time to assemble our video drag and drop the voiceover into the timeline followed by our images to add a dynamic element to your video you can animate your images using the tools provided right here for increasing viewer engagement we will add captions to the video go to the captions section choose the auto captions option and click create select the language of your then click generate cap cut will then begin generating Auto captions this process might take a few minutes depending on the length of your video once the auto captions are generated you can edit them as needed you can change the text font size and color of the captions a well-chosen background track can elevate your video to new heights YouTube audio library is a great place to find free music for your videos start by going to YouTube Studio and selecting audio library from the left menu this Library offers an extensive collection of free to use music you can search for specific genres moves or artists or simply browse through the library when you found a track that suits your video hit the play button to preview it if you're happy with your choice print the download icon next to the track to save it to your device once downloaded head back to cat Cut just like we did with the voiceover upload your soundtrack and drag it into the timeline you can adjust the soundtrack's volume by selecting it in the timeline and using the volume control when you're satisfied with your video it's time to save it click export in the top right corner name your file select the desired resolution and then click export again and click download to save your file it will show up right here now that our video is ready it's time to upload it to YouTube start by going to YouTube Studio click upload videos and then click select files a catchy title and a compelling video description are crucial for these we can once again turn to chat GPT ask it to generate 10 intriguing titles that will grab your audience's attention let's go with this one next ask chat GPT to craft a compelling video description after it's done simply copy the title and video description then return to YouTube studio and paste them into the respective fields we've made significant progress but we still need to create a key component the thumbnail first let's use chatgpt to write a prom for generating an image in leonardo.ai and an engaging title for the thumbnail once the prompt is complete go to Leonardo paste it there and generate our image the image is done next we head to canva.com and search for YouTube thumbnail then click create blank Now look for the uploads tab on the left side of your screen click on it hit upload files and import the image created with Leonardo simply drag and drop it onto the canvas now it's time to add the thumbnail title go to the text Tab and click on add a text box and go back to chat GPT copy the preferred thumbnail title and paste it onto your thumbnail feel free to adjust the font style size and color to complement your video once the thumbnail is ready it's time to save it click on the share button and select download to save it onto your device to YouTube studio and upload the click next and select this option click next click next in the visibility tab select public and then click on publish our video is now life now let's take a look at the final video stark contrast between the Masters penthouse the master an old man with a Serene smile welcomed him warmly I've heard you can provide solutions to Life's troubles Richard said I am successful yet I am not at peace I need a quick fix for my stress the Zen master nodded gesturing for Richard to sit before a small wooden table first let's have some tea he suggested the end result is quite impressive you now have all the knowledge you need to create faceless YouTube videos using Ai and monetize your channel I hope you found this video helpful don't forget to hit the like button and subscribe if you have any questions or comments feel free to leave them in the comments section below

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeWealthYT [119 likes]: Thanks for watching our guide on 'How to Make a FACELESS YouTube Channel'! We hope it's helpful. If you have any questions, feel free to ask below 👇. Don't forget to subscribe for more tips on YouTube automation. Here's to your YouTube success! 🚀
  2. @HonestTruthUnraveled [1 likes]: Amazing job❤
  3. @सुअर-कुमार: As I from India do I need to change my location as well ?
  4. @MohauMonama-z1t: Wanna make money
  5. @pjayjay99882: Are all this free?
  6. @KenEgbiremolen: Can this be done with  a phone
  7. @NashkaHamedi: Cool
  8. @Demonviews: The murf is paid
  9. @ChronOfCuriosity: The biggest mistake is overcomplicating the workflow.
A simple system fixes most of it.
  10. @bingoupdates588: Impressive!
  11. @Pixeltales-l4z: My youtube isnt showing customized
  12. @thecareeralgorithm: Really good explanation and anyone can do it from scratch. Wish you Blessings and peace.
  13. @ReelTrenz: Hope I can make it as well
  14. @PoliticalNewsNow1: ❤
  15. @InternetHist: GG
  16. @Nextorbit_lanny: Please  someone  should  teach  me,  am really interested  in  it ,i got stuck  Please  help a  sister 😭
  17. @Smartherbalhealing: Nice
  18. @Clair_Peters: If making money is the goal, gather here.
  19. @nnamdikelvin3071: This is really wonderful. The only challenge I had with the video is that it was moving too fast
  20. @futurepulseai09: VidIQ can do this for you in seconds without all those apps

- How to hide your identity on OnlyFans?: Kind: captions Language: en feeding your curiosity fueling our passion let's satisfy our quest for knowledge with today's question to hide your identity on only fans use a pseudonym instead of your real name and avoid sharing personally identifying information in your profile or posts Additionally you can block users from specific countries and use privacy settings to control who can see your content another mystery sof but many more await keep up with our daily discoveries by subscribing and turning on notifications

- OnlyFans: Keeping your identity a secret: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] everybody and thank you for visiting my channel welcome to tea time with yours truly ladama feet So today we're going to be discussing a really important topic and that is keeping your identity a secret I am a professor as well as a nurse so this was very important for me to do um I heard of a lot of nurses getting backlash from this a lot of them quitting their jobs of course that meant they were pretty successful and only fans so I am hoping to take a similar route and try to avoid any backlash if I can so getting started first is to create two emails and I will tell you why the first one is you're gonna have to create a whole new everything for social media so you're going to open up a new email this email is going to be linked to your personal email however you're not going to use your personal email at all only to open up nope now that I think about it not at all you're not going to use your personal email at all just the new email so you open up your email you're going to create a new Twitter account Instagram YouTube Reddit and Amazon and hopefully this new email will also match your new Twitter name and your new only fans name so you want to kind of create everything so they flow together as much as you can of course a lot of names are already taken so that can be a little bit hard to do um after that you're going to create your only fan account now this gets a little bit iffy I did not want to do an only fans because of this because it kind of I was just freaked out so they were gonna they're gonna ask you for your personal information your identity they're going to confirm everything so you have to give them your personal information to them because as an employer they're going to verify that it's you and that you are of age and able to create content so they're going to ask for your identity identity information you will need to upload your Facebook Twitter or Instagram URL and this is your personal one and everything has to match your names have to match on everything if you have them private you have to open them to the public while they do the process to verify your information and make sure everything matches together it usually takes about 24 to 48 hours now this gets even more trickier if you're gonna do it with a partner because if you're going to do it with a partner although your name goes first in the um identification process where they have you take your pictures of you and your face with your ID your partner takes it with you as well for them to verify it together I didn't know this so when I created my only fan account and I try to get them to go back and re um submit everything with my partner it was too late they like they just weren't getting what I was wanting because of that my partner had to do his own and every time we create content together I'm just gonna have to pretty much tag him in it that's going to be the easiest way to go so if you don't want to go that direction just get your authentication together and that should make the process a lot easier for you now once they verify everything then you go in and you just delete everything delete your name and then start with your um name that you would like to go by so that makes it really easy and it's not like anybody can find your page which makes only fans really hard is because you have to physically go out there and put yourself out there so they find your page okay next thing is we are going to do the primary only fans account now there's different ways you can do this you have your primary subscription and this is where people pay a monthly subscription to see your content this is where you put all your uploads and if you would like to do a pay-per-view page um which is also known as a free page because they don't have to pay to see you certain that you have to pay to see certain content um this is where you need a second email to create that second pay-per-view free page otherwise you already have a email link to the first page and they won't let you use that same email for a second page you are allowed to have a subscription page and a free page though now the pay-per-view content is extra content that you want to have people pay for um I was gonna go this direction I originally thought of just posting like daily cute girl next door pictures on my subscription and then having all my harder content on my pay-per-view page but because I wasn't posting that much content for feet specifically because my content is feed um I just find it a lot more complicated I was putting myself in a little box and wasn't able to Fan out of that box so I decided that I was not going to do a pay-per-view page and I was going to do specifically subscription only and that's how that was gonna work for me if you are more open with your content I am as of right now not gonna be nude in any of my videos I'm not saying I'm not going to do it in the future it's just not what I intended my only fans page to be um but for you if that's something that you want people to pay more to see you can have a pay-per-view page which would make sense for you now Amazon this gets even a little bit more complicated because Amazon requires an address in order to create a wish list so if you want to have a wish list where people can buy you stuff then you need to create an Amazon page um it's supposed to be private but I've gone on people's pages to see what their Amazon account says and they will give me the City that they're living in so that kind of got me all weirded out a little bit you know I'm sure if I could do a little bit more digging you know I don't know if I could get the address from them so what we decided to do is open up a business account um in a PO box and all they ask you to open up a business account in the PO Box is have a little business card so you just ordered a business card off of Walgreens Take it in um with whatever their requirements are and voila you have a PO Box business account this peel box make sure that they allow you to use a local um like a street address otherwise Amazon will not deliver to PO Boxes but if you do um like a business they allow you to use like their personal business address then you just put that in for your Amazon this is also really good for the future if you want to do um taxes if you have a business go ahead and follow your name and do all the documentation it's a little expensive it's a couple hundred dollars and the paperwork of course um you know is just a little bit time consuming and then um they will let you know if that name is taken or if you need to change it and then they will okay you to be a private business and with that you can then use all your expenses for tax write-offs and as you know this process takes a while to build up so I would highly recommend you do that because me and my partner just started and we're already in the hole so we're hoping to dig ourselves out of this hole since this is the whole reason why we're doing an only fans is because we would like to pay some bills that is the main thing for keeping your identity a secret as far as shooting and keeping your identity a secret for me it was a little bit easy at the beginning because it was this girl next door feet content but as my stuff is progressing um you know I'm doing more full body photo shoots so I decided that I'm gonna wear a mask that's gonna be me we're gonna do um a cute mask that's gonna cover my face um other people's I've seen them wear um different play with like different costume stuff on their face to keep their um identity a secret if you have tattoos that people might recognize you with and you're worried about that I mean find outfits that cover that tattoo wherever that is if you're not worried about it then you'll probably be okay remember that most for only fans people have you have to put that website out there so people can't just come and find it out of the blue you have to kind of put yourself out there which um in a way if you want to keep your identity a secret is kind of nice because wherever you put it is probably not where other people are going to be looking for you that is all I have for you guys if you have any other questions please leave a comment follow me on my page I am new at this so I'm hoping as I go and I'm making mistakes myself I can pass on those things to you guys if you are a only fan Creator leave me a comment on what I can do to get more viewers in because I am struggling a little bit with that um so if I find anything that I can help you guys with I will make another video and let you know how this whole process is going I hope to see you guys back soon and remember to hit the like button and help the girl out thank you

- How I Started OnlyFans Without Showing My Face in 2021 | Beginner’s Guide to Anonymous OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en i know that you're probably doing a lot of research right now trying to figure out how to make your only fan successful or how to get around the face thing this is a video for you like do not feel obligated to show your face at all it's totally 100 your decision and you can make money [Music] hey everyone i wanted to get on youtube and make a video about how to make it only fans without showing your face a lot of the videos that are here on youtube talk about how to make an only fans account and how to be successful but almost all the girls on here are showing their face and they don't really talk about how to attract people when you don't show your face so if you want to make an only fans account and you want to stay anonymous i'm going to give you some tips here on how to grow your following maintain your following and market without marketing on your own social media and without making it obvious that it's your identity so um i just have some tips written down here that i'm going to talk to you guys about um and yeah let's just jump right into it so the first tip is um obviously don't feel obligated to show your face on only fans only fans is a platform where you can create any type of content it literally does not have to be p-o-r-n i don't know if i can say that on youtube but you do not have to make your content explicit on only fans you can literally make videos about anything you can make cooking videos you can make vlogs you can make arts and crafts videos you can make educational videos or how-to videos you can make literally anything that you want um but for the girls who are posting explicit content a lot of girls don't want to post this on the internet because they don't want you know they fear that future employers will find it they fear that their friends and family will find it and they want to remain anonymous so if you want to remain anonymous same way that i wanted to remain anonymous don't feel obligated to show your face i know that you're probably doing a lot of research right now trying to figure out and you can make money without showing your face on only fans tip number two is going to be to pick a stage name so i have a stage name on my only fans my stage name is kainalu there are lots of different kinks on only fans and one of the kinks that i really appeal to online with some of my subscribers our anime and e-girl aesthetics being hawaiian i'm very familiar with that just because an asian community anime and manga and things like that are pretty big so yeah i picked the stage name my stage name is kainalu savage and so you can pick a stage name it can literally be anything it can be like any name that you like you can literally look up a list of baby names on the internet and pick a name that means something that you like my name means um like gentle ocean wave or something like that and i thought that was cool because you know like wet gentle the wave you know i'm saying i really like that name so you can pick any name you want another tip with the stage name is um let's say your stage name is like diamond if your stage name is diamond your only fans could be like diamond xx or diamond girl or the real diamond you want to make that name consistent on all of your social media platforms so you're gonna need to market your only fans you can't be successful on only fans if you don't market because people have to click your link in order to find you you can't just search up mukbang nude on only fans and find all the girls who make that content you can only find someone's only fans page through their link so if you don't promote your link and if you don't have a social media that's luring people in to click that link you literally cannot have subscribers it does not work that way so if your stage name is diamond you want to make sure that your instagram your twitter your only fans your reddit your tumblr your whatever social media you're using to promote only fans has that same name don't mess up and go and promote one place diamond and promote another place katie you know if your real name is katie and you accidentally promote your diamond account on your instagram story on your personal katy instagram you just exposed yourself so be very careful and make sure that you make new social media platforms and you use that name another thing when you create your only fans account you're going to have to upload your id um as a verification for your identity so that way only fans knows that you are who you say you are and you'll also have to like fill out tax forms like a w-6 i think it's called so there's some tax form they have to fill out make sure that you put your fake name under your business name you know like the the name of your business is going to be diamond xx but your name still goes on those tax forms because otherwise like i'm pretty sure you're committing fraud and only fans is not going to expose you like you putting sending them the picture of your id for verification you don't have to use that name they're not gonna force you to use your real name so make sure that in your documentation you're using your real name with signing on to only fans but don't send your only fan subscribers for example let's see say let's say that your verification has already gone through and everything and you're ready to start posting content so you post content someone messages you and it's like hey um what's your name even though your name's already in your bible let's just say someone asked for your name or someone on reddit messages you they like your picture that you posted and they say oh hey babe what's your name make sure that you're giving them your fake name don't give any of your subscribers your real name it doesn't matter if they're nice to you none of that is important maintain your stage presence when you are only fans you are working this is an acting job and you should act accordingly so just make sure that your social media and your interaction with your subscribers are all under your stage name um another thing don't reveal any compromising information about yourself so if you post like a picture of your feet outside don't have your vehicle in the background don't have your house the front or the side or the back of your house in the background don't turn on your location when you're posting you know snapchat stories or when you're posting instagram posts or something make sure that you also use a fake location a fake cover for me i already came up with like this whole alter ego storyline type thing that might be a good idea for you to because you will get people asking how old are you where are you from like those are my two most common questions how old are you where are you from i tell people that i go to college in florida and i study veterinary medicine i've never been to florida and i don't study veterinary medicine at all like that's not even closely related to what i do but having that go-to information to give those people who want a more intimate conversation something to like hold on to really helps me and it's it's consistent so i give the same story the same fake name the same whole shebang to every single person that i talk to so that's really important i would recommend like getting yourself a little journal and writing out your brand before you start and this brand can always change but with only fans it's really important to have a niche like to be not just another naked girl like you want to be a naked girl who does something that people are really interested in so there's lots of kinks there's lots of different fetishes and stuff and so you can for example i do a lot of um foot fetish work and i do a lot of dominatrix work so that's mainly what i do and so my personality on my page comes off as very dominatrix um worship my feet you're gonna do what i say you're my foot slave you're my pathetic little whatever like my subscribers are generally very into humiliation and um my domineering nature i wrote a couple ideas actually down before i started and kind of just tested the waters to see you know what came naturally to me what i liked and that ended up being it it's going to be different for everyone i'm a very petite woman i'm very uh slim i don't appeal to a lot of the men who you know want a big booty judy you know you might not have that same body type you might be a big booty judy and so if you're a big booty duty you can make that your niche like all your videos can be clapping cheeks um dancing twerking shaking you know i i can do that but i'm not gonna appeal to the same audience so um i can make a whole another video though about some niche um fetish ideas and how to brand yourself on only fans this is more um just tips on how to get by without showing your face another thing about not showing your face make sure that you watch all your videos and you you look at your your pictures and videos that you post a second time before you post them before you send them out in your messages i would hate for you to go through all this work of you know not showing your face cropping out certain pictures and stuff and then you accidentally send a video of your face and your pay-per-view messages to this guy he buys it and then he leaks your content i mean this is the internet i wouldn't be surprised if my content got leaked i'm definitely planning on suing anybody who lists your content because you can and you're encouraged to by only fans to do that but at the end of the day this is the internet and men are men and they're probably gonna leak your stuff you don't want to be taking a picture from the back and your head is slightly turned in the frame and somebody recognizes your eye and your eyebrow and your nose and then you have that screenshot on the internet forever that would really suck so make sure you're reviewing your content and that you're being careful with your camera angles you're using um appropriate filters and yeah just be smart about it but it's very very possible to make money on only fans without showing your face i just started maybe about three weeks ago and i also have a full-time job now so i haven't been able to dedicate as much time to it as i was in the beginning but right now i have a total of 11 subscribers and i have made over 200 dollars i believe i have spent about three weeks on only fans and i've spent a lot of time um marketing you know figuring out my niche figuring out what it is i want to do figuring out how to post pictures because i didn't even know how to really take pictures of myself like that and i'm getting better at it every day my content has improved literally so much even from when i just started but um i've made about i believe almost in the time that i started which to me is amazing because i've made all this money and haven't had to spend any money at all and i have um i was actually encouraged to do only fans by one of my friends who makes regularly 900 a month like every month she's doing great and i am you know i could definitely use the money so that's why i started and i can definitely give you guys updates about how it's going and how much i'm making in the future but i'm going to leave my referral link down in the description so that way if you do want to sign up this is a disclaimer by the way only fans is going to take 20 of what you make they do it to everybody it sucks it's ass i hate that for you but they do take 20 of what you make so if you um want to instead only give them 15 of your earnings you can actually sign up by my referral link and it'll only fans will only take of what you make and then they'll give me five percent of what you're making which is a great way to support another creator instead of giving all of your 20 to only fans so i'm going to leave my referral link down in the description if you have any other questions that i didn't really cover about not showing your face and only fans leave a comment and i will respond to that comment or if it's more of a complicated question then i'll just make another video about it and if you have any other questions about only fans or anything related to starting a new page or um just being successful without showing how to market for me reddit uh was really complicated and learning which social media platforms to market on and what was allowed on those specific social media platforms was really complicated for me too so i'll probably make a separate video about marketing and how to do that but yeah thanks so much for watching i really really wish you guys the best and i hope that you guys are all successful and let's go get this bag later

- How to Keep Your OnlyFans Activity Private from Family: Tips and Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to stop yours or your model's content from showing in certain countries from all over the world completely remotely it's different hotel rooms and traveling in all my different videos check me out at Beyond Austin official on all major social media platforms but for now until you back to the video all right so if you've seen my other videos you know that I don't use any of our models only fans or any of their social media for the purposes of YouTube videos I think that is not what they signed up for and it'll be very unprofessional for me to do so plus my identity has also been banned from only fans so there's nowhere in hell that I can actually create and only fans can get verified using my ideas so anyway so I've had to pull up some screenshots to show you how to do this but oh well as long as you get the point so to stop PD or yours or your model's content from showing in certain countries not only fans the process is quite simple you'll simply log in and then you'll click in the left pane here you'll go to settings once you click on settings it will open up this little menu here and then you click on privacy and safety once you click on privacy and safety it will give you these two options here you can either block by country or block by IP address now block bipedress that is pretty hectic stuff that's for if you have a stalker and you know you want to block their like their whole internet connection but you don't want to go that far that's pretty technical stuff but you'll just want to block by country assuming that this model or you don't want to be shown in certain countries now if this is you or your model has requested this I'm guessing they don't want to be shown in the same country where they're from because they're probably scared of friends or family seeing their content I'm guessing that's it it's probably the only reason I can think of so therefore you'll just be wanting to block the country where the model is from for example if the model is from the US by the way if you do this you're blocking out a massive audience so I wouldn't recommend this but so yeah if your model is from the US for example or you are from the US then you'll go to as I said you'll go to settings then privacy and safety block by country and then you'll select us what this means is that if any IP address tries accessing your only fans accounts and the IP address is from the USA it is located in the USA they will not see your account to them your account does not exist Therefore your family and friends might go search your new app having a look oh she's got only fans click go the link oh it's not there but this can only take you so far because another request I have seen is that they don't want any of their social medias or their dating app profiles or Reddit you know any of the other marketing methods or Tick Tock Etc being shown in that country either now here's what I can tell you I can tell you that you can block a certain country from looking at the only fans account but there's no way that you can block specific countries from seeing your social media so for insta nothing you can do the audience is dictated by the hashtags you use by the followers the account has there's nothing you can do about it there's always the possibility that someone that you know or your family is going to see your content on Instagram now you might not go deliberately showing your content to them but it could always get shared around or they could always stumble into it it all depends on what kind of hashtags you use and what kind of audience you have and you are catering to so Instagram there's nothing you can do dating apps that's pretty simple you just don't show the dating apps in that country for example if the model is from the US like I said earlier then you'll just set up a dating app profile not in the US so you'll just set up dating app profiles in Australia in the UK and Asia whatever now to do this is a little tricky and that is a whole different video in itself I've shown other videos how to do this how to spoof location how to use proxies stuff like that to show dating apps different country that's not in this video but it is possible so you can do that tick tock tick tock audience is dictated by the SIM card number so for example if you have tick tock on your phone and the SIM card has a number that is tied to the US so if you have a US Mobile number then that's how Tick Tock determines the audience that will see your content so if you don't want people in the US for this example to see that content then you're using Australian sim card with an Australian number because Tick Tock will go okay here's the number on the mobile device the number is from the Australia therefore we will just show the content to Australia anyway so to wrap it up there's no real like guaranteed 100 way to stop any certain people from seeing all of your content but this is the best we got so I hope that helped if you liked the video go smash like button smash the Subscribe button and I'll see you on another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @myerstreefarm7384: the "Privacy and Safety does not givve me a block option??
  2. @mateimatey8520: Hi again. Sorry for spamming your comments, but im curious until when i got time to get on the $199 monthly ? I saw your post about wanting to change to annual only, but the monthly is still available. Please tell me until when i have time, im waiting for my salary

- The psychology of being an OnlyFans creator: Kind: captions Language: en The ring light is still on, even though the recording stopped 10 minutes ago. Your room is quiet again. Too quiet. You sit there scrolling through comments with one hand, the other still resting where you posted, like your body hasn't caught up to the fact that the performance is over. A notification pops, another subscriber, another tip, another message that sounds like admiration, but reads like ownership. You don't celebrate. You just refresh, because what people see is confidence, control, easy money. They assume you figured something out they haven't. What they don't see is how carefully everything is calculated. The lighting angle that hides the parts you don't like, the captions that feel casual but are rewritten three times, the way you monitor your own face while performing, like you're both the actor and the audience at the same time. From the outside, it looks like empowerment. From the inside, it can feel like constant exposure. This is where people get it wrong. They think the pressure comes from judgement, but often it comes from something quieter, self-objectification. It's a psychological concept where you start seeing yourself the way others see you, reducing your identity to how you appear, how you perform, how you're consumed. Not because you're weak, because the environment rewards it, and over time the line blurs. You stop asking, "How do I feel?" and start asking, "How do I look while feeling this?" There's a moment that makes this real. It's late, maybe 2:13 a.m. Your phone screen lights up your face in the dark. You reread a message that says, "You're perfect." And instead of feeling flattered, you instinctively check your last post, zoom in, tilt your head slightly, notice a flaw no one else mentioned. And just like that, the compliment turns into a correction. Here is the paradox. The more attention you receive, the harder it can become to feel seen. Because attention focuses on parts, but being seen requires wholeness. And when your income, validation, and routine are tied to how you're perceived, stepping away doesn't just feel like rest, it can feel like disappearing. But here's the quiet truth people don't talk about. You're allowed to exist outside the frame, outside the lighting, outside the version of you that performs well. There is a version of you that isn't being watched, read, or saved. And that version isn't less valuable. It's just unobserved. And sometimes that's where your mind finally exhales. Not everything you do has to be content. Not every moment needs to hold attention. Some things are allowed to be yours, unseen, unoptimized, real. If this helped you put words to something you've been feeling but couldn't explain, stay here. There's more of this waiting for you.

- The Truth About OnlyFans From a Former Creator: Kind: captions Language: en You know, everyone's doing porn. So, how can you differentiate yourself and get to the top and make the most money? And it's it's having to be extreme and that's really, you know, you see it in the porn industry in general of like the extreme content that needs to be made and the the appeal of it. It always starts with something that's simple and then it always escalates to something more and something dangerous. And, you know, now you have these big faces and characters who are doing extreme sport because they need to put themselves at the top as quick as possible. So, this is why you have the Bonnie Blooms and Lily Phillips though is cuz it's like if I'm going to go into this, I have to differentiate myself from the rest so that I can reach the top and, you know, that could be my selling point and people will gravitate towards me so I could bypass these other millions of people who are trying to do this. >> [music] >> Well, Taylor, thank you so much for joining me today. Thank you. Can you start by sharing a bit about yourself and what led you to join OnlyFans? What was appealing to you about the platform at the time? Yeah, so I joined kind of when like COVID was just ending. Um, and, you know, I was in college. College kind of shut down. Everything went online. And during that period of time, I ended up going to Miami and moving there just cuz Miami was the only city that's open. And Miami's also a pretty big hub for the OnlyFans industry, especially now. So, I think just being subjected in an environment and I was also like what like 19, 20. And it was just new and it seemed like, okay, I can make money this way and I can live this lavish lifestyle that I was around and I don't have to, you know, like ask my parents for anything. I can travel. I can have freedom. I can have time. And for me, my logic at least at this time was if I just have money coming in basically doing nothing, then I can just focus on my dreams. I don't have to, you know, work a 9-5 and have time be taken away. So, I was like, oh, this is perfect. It's going to be like a stepping stone into my future. Everything's going to be so easy breezy beautiful. Um, and that's really what appealed me to it was more the freedom of time and just money coming in without having to really like think or do anything. Right, absolutely. Yeah. And what type of content did you plan to post initially and how did that evolve over time? Yeah, so I the first thing I did was I scraped my Instagram of all my bikini photos and I just put them on there. And then I also had a vegan page. When OnlyFans TV, this was like the first time it came out. So, OnlyFans kind of existed and then OnlyFans TV came out like a few years later. And so, I was like one of the first people to join OFTV and I was just posting like food content. I was posting, you know, smoothies and this like healing lifestyle. So, that's kind of what I started. And then I think, you know, the whole industry just escalated super fast. And, you know, you see it, but at that time I was not comfortable with, you know, doing anything explicit. So, I was like, okay, like we'll go from bikinis to lingerie and then maybe we'll do implied. And, you know, I wasn't doing anything explicit. I never had any desire to. It wasn't, you know, something that I was like always dreaming of doing. Um, and I actually quit OnlyFans after that because I just felt uncomfortable, you know, like the men making all their comments and like everyone just started to want like more um you know, explicit aggressive content. And I was like, what? No, I'm not going to do that. So, this is it for me. So, I actually left for a period of time because of that reason. And then I had a manager, you know, reach out to me. I want to say like August of 2022. And like we were kind of just back and forth and he's like, listen, like if you do a certain type of content, like I promise you you will make at least 50 grand a month. And even before I was like not making that. Like I was still making money. Um, but it wasn't, you know, 50 grand a month. So, to a 20-year-old, I was like, oh. >> [laughter] >> Okay. Um and then actually my contract the deal was that I would have to do partner content um, you know, in order to hit that mark. So, that was kind of my like, all right, if I'm going to do this and I'm going to go back into this, it's going to have to be full out. Um, and, you know, at that time I was just like, okay, I'll just do it. And that's kind of what attracted into that um, and the more explicit side of OnlyFans. Yeah. Can you share a bit about how your experience in OnlyFans compared to what you expected it to be when you initially joined and even when you took the break and decided to come back, how did your actual experience compare to your expectations? You know, I just expected to kind of go in, not really care, just be posting content. I mean, I loved content creation in general. So, I was like, okay, I can get like paid for that. And I just figured I would be making so much money, none of it would even matter. And I think that's really the mindset that a lot of people go in is they're like, the money is almost this like novocaine for you cuz you're like, okay, well, if, you know, I'm making so much money. I'm rich now. I have all this freedom and I can do whatever I want. So, it's not as bad. So, that was kind of my expectation and I think nobody around me at that time really cared either. Um, obviously the managers don't care. They're like, you're doing so good. This is so great. And then I think also I had friends that were in the industry and, you know, they didn't really have their coming to light moment either. So, everyone's kind of collectively like, oh my god, we're making so much money and it's so fast and we're so young. And now, you know, we have all of this freedom. And I think then from that point it starts to decline. But it it takes a minute, you know, you get that like dopamine rush at first. >> [snorts] >> Right. And that's a pretty common story that we have heard from individuals who joined OnlyFans or young people who are saying, you know, I don't need to go to college. I can just join OnlyFans and make lots of money. And then often the reality of the money made isn't even what it's kind of proposed to be often or sold to be. Mhm. We often hear from people who say they they hear how glamorous OnlyFans is, how the glamorous the lifestyle can be. There's only a very small percentage of creators that are actually making money. Um, you know, the average creator isn't making a lot of money. Can you speak a little bit to that? Um yeah, I mean, first of all, everybody lies. Money is the easiest way to pull people into something. That's why you see so many people selling courses. That's why you see, you know, they sell the lifestyle. And that's the selling point. But the money, yeah, I mean, you can make a lot of money years ago because it was fresh and it was new. But now it's a lot harder. The competition's harder um, because there's just so many people doing it. And I mean, yeah, no, I think the average is like $180 a month for creators. So, I think now it's just so oversaturated. No, you're not going to make, you know, 100 grand a month just from starting. Um, unless you already have a really big platform or you're famous. And that's where they see like, you know, celebrities making what, 9 million dollars a month? I don't know. And it's like, okay, well, you're not them. And, you know, not even trying to be rude, but like a small town girl, you're not going to be making 9 million dollars a month on OnlyFans. So, I think that's just a misconception. And that's really what hooks people is just selling them this, well, you'll make so much money. And it's like, no, your manager will make a lot of money. Yes, I was living in a 6 grand a month apartment, but my manager was living in a $50,000 a month mansion with his Lambo and his Maybach and all his cars. So, where is that too? Um, you know, that money's not yours and I think that's also where people they get confused is like at least half your money's going to be taken from you off the bat. That's every contract. But yeah, you your money's not yours. So, most of it's going to go away to taxes, to bills, to upkeeping a lifestyle, and to a manager. Yeah. And it kind of takes the glamour out of the idea of what what it can be. Yeah, like if you're living in a penthouse paycheck to paycheck, you're still living paycheck to paycheck, you know? So, there's a lot of upkeep to the lifestyle. And that's why you see so everyone, you see so many people who go broke trying to prove that they're rich. And that's the easiest way to go broke. So, I just always say, if someone's trying to sell you a lifestyle in your face, they're probably lying. They're probably not making as much money as they say they are. And it's it's just not as easy as it was to make money like that on this platform. There's too much noise. Yeah, I think that's really well said. Thank you for sharing that. A lot of the people we've spoken with who have been in similar positions as you have talked about the pressure to escalate the type of content that they post over time. Mhm. Have you seen or experienced that progression yourself? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think going from making vegan content to going and making like like full on porn is um, a pretty big jump. So, yeah, I definitely think the pressure's there. I think the pressure is there because of the money. And I I at least for me it was because of the money. It's like, okay, you're like, okay, well, if I do this, I'll make more money. And then you make the money and you're like, okay, so maybe it's not as bad. And like I am finding this thing and it's that like just temptation of just constant greed and wanting more. And so as they're wanting more explicit content, you're just wanting more money and it it's just it's rough. Cuz over time you can't make the same money doing vegan content for example or Yeah, yeah, and the industry has changed so much since I first joined and I think that's really why I'm very open about it is cuz I'm like, you know, yes, I was making 10K a month off vegan content. That's impossible now. No, so, you know, it's not the same industry that it was in 2022 or 2021. It's completely different now and now you have to do explicit content because that's the majority. Do you think there's been a lot of news about creators like Bonnie Blue or Lily Phillips? Do you think that their stories reflect a wider pattern of what happens on platforms like OnlyFans? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it it's kind of like finding your your selling point and, you know, now you have everybody is making boy-girl content, girl-girl content, you know, everyone's doing porn. So, how can you something dangerous. And, you know, that's really what escalates all of these other things like pedophilia, trafficking, you know, it goes into a whole different world. And it's the same thing on on OnlyFans and I think that's what people are maybe now just learning is cuz it was thrown in your face as this social platform even though all their revenue is coming from sex work, but it it works the same. So, yes, the pressure to escalate your content is there. The pressure of people wanting more is there. And, you know, now you have these big faces and characters who are doing extreme sport because they quick as possible. So, yeah, it's not really shocking. It's just it's dangerous and that's the the slippery slope that you go down. Yeah, I'm so glad that you mentioned what that type of content is fueling. We often talk about how porn is fueling the demand for sex trafficking and sexual violence and sexualized racism and objectification and this slew of issues, societal issues that that so many people are dealing with today. Um and to your point earlier, even if someone maybe goes into this consensually, just taking note of what this content is fueling and how others are being harmed as well. Because all of these things are so interconnected. Yeah, absolutely. And I mean, you know, it's just another breeding ground for all of these things to exist on. Um it's the same system. It's just wrapped in a different box. And you know, it's still fairly new even though it's been around. So, there's still a lot of like research, you know, there's way more research on street prostitution than there is now on OnlyFans. So, it's going to be a process, but yeah, that's why these conversations are important. Yeah, absolutely. How did how did being on OnlyFans affect the way that you saw yourself? Um so, I suffer from identity dissonance really badly. I think because I was very separated from the industry. I didn't want to, you know, collab with people. Like after my one collab, I was like, all right, never doing that again. Hated that. Um so, I kind of was living like two lives. You know, I knew that this was my income. This was fueling my lifestyle. Everybody else was like, oh my god, she's able to like go to Italy for a month. That's so cool. And then I was also, you know, still being true to myself and working on my own projects and, you know, trying to launch other businesses to get myself out of the industry and replace that income. So, it was definitely odd because there was this character that existed that was so, you know, such a big part of my life and was like funding my whole life. And then there was me. And so, I think a lot of people were like even confused when they would talk to me and then I'd be like, oh yeah, well like I do OnlyFans and like that's how I'm able to live here. And they're like, what? Like, you know, so it didn't make sense to others and then it really didn't make sense to me cuz I was like, yeah, this isn't me, but she exists and I have to play her and it's like acting and then you you get like lost in the character, you have to pull back and then you go home to different things and you're playing you have all these masks on and I think over time that really weighs on you. Yeah, because you're putting on this persona and playing this character. Mhm. Um but it also is, you know, physically you showing up and physically you being disseminated online in this way. And so, I can imagine that's there's some cognitive dissonance in reconciling those two personas together. Oh, yeah, definitely. And that's kind of what was like like I never watched my content. I never would look on my page. When I was deleting my page, I had to like delete a bunch of the photos because they didn't actually let me delete my page until like over a month later. Um which is a whole different story. But, yeah, so I think that was the first time I have actually even saw like what was even being done and posted cuz I was like, I don't even want to look at it. I don't want to look at it. I don't want to see it. It exists, but it's not me. And it was just like this this thing like that was there. Like just like a pimple that just like wouldn't go away. Yeah. How did being on OnlyFans impact your relationships or the way that people treated you? You know, it didn't really affect as much as I think people try to make it seem like it did. Cuz I think everyone kind of collectively is well, they're either lying to my face and telling me that they don't care and they actually do cuz they're just scared to tell me. Or I think people are like, you know, maybe this is a good thing. Like if you're making so much money, we live in such, you know, a money-based society now and it's like, you know, if you're making all this money, what does it really matter? So, I think that's kind of money really is I think the main source of people convincing themselves that maybe it's okay. But yeah, I think my relationships, you know, I'm lucky to have really strong friendships and strong family connections. So, I don't think that changed how they viewed me. I think it was just a process of them trying to get me to remember who I was and being like, yeah, this isn't you and this, you know, I'm not going to judge you and like, you know, try to shame you to leave, but like you definitely should. I think romantic relationships was hard, but at least in my stance, you know, I was already with somebody who was toxic. So, I think this was a good leverage point for them to like go out and cheat and blame it on that and it was really just an excuse. I don't think that was like genuine them not liking it. I, you know, I said it before that I don't think men are ever going to want their girl to do this just because of that like territorial protectiveness. So, I think no, they did not like it, but I think it was a good point for them to kind of be like, you know, treat me like because of it. Do you think that your friends and family really saw that there were kind of two of you? There was the character you mentioned and then the you that they know. Yeah, definitely. Um and they saw me, you know, doing both. So, it was kind of like, no wonder she's so stressed out and no wonder she's like going mental all the time is because it's like I had to do this and then I was doing this and it's like so much to keep up with. So, yeah, I think they definitely saw that and I think that was like low for them, but like what do you what do you do, you know? Yeah. What kind of safety concerns do you creators face both online and offline? Um you know, I think there's a really big I guess point that people like to assume that OnlyFans is safer. In my opinion though, it's actually more unsafe cuz you don't know who your enemy is. When you're exposed like that online and everything is filtered through social media. So, you're on Reddit platforms, you're on, you know, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, you're on everything. You don't know who has their eyes on you and it's this specific industry that pulls in some of the worst people. So, you know, I have friends who have been stalked. They've had people break into their homes. They've had people send stuff to their homes. Like everything's so public now and you don't even know who it's coming from, you know, until they're they're sitting in your living room. And that's just terrifying in itself. Also the messages, you know, I get messages of men still they're like, I know you did OnlyFans and I hate you and I hate everyone and you you don't people are so insane nowadays. You literally have no idea, you know, people get death threats over, you know, wearing a shade of blush that people don't like. So, you really don't know and I think that's what makes it so unsafe is you're not only attracting just the bottom of the barrel type of human, but you don't even know where it's coming from. How do you think platforms like OnlyFans contribute to misconceptions about what's safe and empowering, especially for women? I mean, empowerment is their whole selling point, you know? It's well, take the power back because men are going to sexualize you anyway, so you might as well get paid for it. And I think that people don't really realize that they're playing the same game they tried to leave. And just cuz, you know, if you're playing chess, just cuz you're on one side of the board or the other, you're still playing chess. And, you know, I think empowerment is the new fancy word that people like to use. Um, they'll just throw, "Well, it's empowering to do this. It's empowering, you know, to treat people like this. It's empowering to whatever." And I It's just a lie. It's a marketing tactic. It's avoiding accountability of what's truly happening. It's presenting um a present in front of you that has nothing in it, and there's nothing safe and empowering about it, you know? Like, it's just you're not protecting yourself from anything. A lot of it, you just turn bitter and rageful cuz you're like, "Oh my god, you're exposed to these men who, you know, obviously they're just sexualizing you and objectifying you." That's the whole game, and then you kind of go out in the world and you're like, "Oh, so all men are like this." Um, and you don't see how it like seeps into other aspects of your life. And, you know, it's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feeling overall, and I I don't think there's anything empowering of having to take off your clothes. And I think this whole, you know, I think women in general, when you're going from like girlhood to womanhood, it's it's uncovering this whole message of like male attention means that they like me. And I think it a lot of it is playing on, you know, the victims of believing that validation. And if I look hot and I get likes, that I'm worth something, and it's kind of exploiting that inner wound as well. Right. And you mentioned earlier as well that, um, you know, if you're kind of staying stuck in something like OnlyFans because you don't know how you're going to replace the income. If you're kind of staying in something because of the financial strain you may be experiencing or other external circumstances that are keeping you stuck in this, is it really, you know, is it really enthusiastic consent or is it um a means to an end, right? And so, gauging empowerment in that way as well, I think is so important. Thank you for sharing all of that. Mhm. Yes, of course. >> We hear about parasocial relationships often when we talk about platforms like OnlyFans. How do parasocial relationships affect people who are posting on platforms like this? I mean, I think that's the most dangerous part of the industry is the parasocial relationship. You have these people who believe that they are truly dating you, and they are truly married to you, and that you truly like them and love them. And if you keep convincing them of something, they're going to really start to believe it, and that's where you see it escalate into the violence and the stalking and the breaking in and, you know, the sending things and the threats. Because to them, you're conditioning them to think that this is real. And, you know, you have people who are playing a character, and they think they're talking to the girls, and they're not talking to the girls, they're talking to somebody from overseas or some some guy from the Philippines, and they have no idea. And so, they're, you know, they're being fed their delusions, and they're being affirmed in their delusions. And I think even overall on social media, you can see what people do when they're affirmed in their own delusions and how it escalates into a bigger issue that goes off the platform, and it, you know, it becomes a societal issue. So, yeah, I think that's the most dangerous part about it is the chatting and the the forming of a connection that causes people to really start doing, you know, heinous things. Uh, what kind of mental and emotional toll can that kind of attention take? Um, I think you're just scared, you know? I know a lot of girls, most girls actually, don't you kind of retreat into your home because you're like, "I don't know who knows me. I don't know who doesn't know me. I don't know who's seen me. I don't know, you know." So, I think you get nervous, and then you start to just hide. And, you know, you're already dealing with your own thoughts and emotions about the whole thing, and having to deal with, you know, the thought of somebody out there stalking you, watching you, you know, these obsessive people who you believe they're dating you. Um, I think that's really scary. And, you know, I also just want to mention that like this is where uh traffickers go to find victims. So, it's like you're already you're literally in the pot that they pick from. So, you have no idea. And like it's already such a big issue, and now it's just, you know, with girls who are already doing it, those are much easy easier victims to go pull from, you know? They're already conditioned to believe certain things. So, you know, I think that's even the most dangerous part or one of the most dangerous parts. Um, what made you start questioning whether you wanted to stay in the industry? Well, I always wanted to leave the industry, and that's where I thought this was a stepping stone for me. But there was there was no end game here. And I think that's that's also why I personally kept everything very separated because I was like, "Well, this isn't me. And I'm not staying in this." And I also, you know, never fully dipped my toes in. Like, even towards the end for me, like everyone had social media platforms. I didn't really post on social media with it. My accounts were grown on the back end, which you can't do that anymore, but at that time you were able to. And so, that was how I kept everything, you know, as separate as possible. difficult is it for someone to leave OnlyFans once they've built a following or signed contracts? I mean, you're in definitely not going to leave without a fight, that's for sure. You know, I'm still fighting certain things, and I've been gone. But, I mean, the the management, they're going to convince you of every reason why you shouldn't leave and why, you know, you're never going to be able to, and no one's going to hire you, you're never going to make money like this, you're already damaged goods. And then, it's you're in a worst case, you're going to get sued for whatever reason, and you're going to be in a legal battle, and people are going to be like, "Well, you signed a 2-year contract with me, so you have to work for 2 years." Um, you cannot financially bind people in contracts to perform sex work for you. So, hopefully that reaches the court system soon enough because that's a big one that I think people are trying to push right now is like, "Well, you signed it, and you said you would do this, so you have to do it." It's like, "I don't have to do anything." Especially cuz, you know, we're in the sex industry. These contracts, this is not like I'm doing marketing work for you. You know, it works a little different. So, yeah, I I think leaving is definitely not the easiest. You already have a mental toll and a mental battle, and then these people, they're going to do everything in their power to make sure that you stay. Yeah. Are there additional obstacles that people face when they try to walk away from OnlyFans, um, that others that you know have experienced or you yourself? Yeah, I think a lot of it has to do with you buy yourself into a lifestyle that you have to upkeep. And that was a big thing for me and why I didn't fully leave until I came back home because I mean I had bills that cost 10 grand a month, you know? So, that's another reason, and that's kind of what I've been hearing some creators come on is they're like, "Well, I just bought a $5 million house, so how how am I going to afford my lifestyle still if I'm not doing this?" And, you know, that's another one of the like wars you go through is like, "Okay, I now have all of these expenses, and I have to upkeep with them, and I don't have something yet that's going to replace that. So, do I just burn my entire life to the ground?" I mean, that's what I did, but I understand why some people wouldn't want to do that. So, yeah, I think that's another big reason why a lot of people just don't leave cuz they don't know what to do. And I think the whole world tells you that no one's going to want you now, no one's going to want to marry you, hire you, um that you have like no skills, and that your life is basically ruined, and you you made the worst decision. And I think that's what keeps people in the industry as well cuz they don't really have hope for anything else. Yeah. Can you share a bit about how stepping away from OnlyFans affected your life and your mental health? Yeah, I feel like it's just been a weight off my shoulders. I don't I feel like now I can fully just step into myself and just focus on myself. And I think a lot of at least my personal journey was that I just didn't believe in myself enough, and so I wanted that crutch of money. And, you know, because I didn't trust that what I felt called to do would actually work out, so it was kind of like a buffer. And I think now, you know, seeing that path completely just crash and burn, I'm like, "Okay, now I'm still stuck in my purpose and everything, so I must just go full force." So, I think it's also been a very like, you know, self-transformation journey. And I just think now I'm personally way more confident than I was years ago making that decision. So, that's also really helped. And yeah, I think just overall my mental I don't have to worry about this. I mean, I do have some lingering issues that I'm just like, "This is so stupid." But, you know? And I think now I feel very like empowered to talk about things. I think there's a lot of people in this industry who want me silent. Well, I know they want me silent cuz we were fighting. But, so I think that being able to just come out and talk about it, and, you know, even helping one girl who's thinking of like, "Maybe this is the path for me." Or, you know, I've had people reach out to me about how to get out of their contracts and stuff. I also work with like one of the most amazing lawyers ever who's very called to this mission as well. So, I think also doing that, I understand the purpose of that journey. And being able to come back with all of this information and really just share it with people, I think that's been like the best, and that's, you know, I don't know. It makes me almost like not grateful, but like a kind of grateful that it happened. So, yeah, I think my mental has been better, but no, I would never do that again. It's brutal. Yeah. And thank you for sharing that in that way. It's so important to hear from people like you who have experienced this because I think something you said at the beginning of that was just noting that you didn't believe in yourself enough. And this is really an industry that preys upon insecurity, right? It preys upon promising a better life if someone will do exactly, you know, what is spelled out for them. And I think it takes so much courage to be willing to look at that and confront that and say this maybe actually isn't what I want to be doing. And And then to be so bold as to share your story now to help others know what this really is like to go through this experience because this is something that's being so normalized and pitched to young people as uh a super easy, empowering, glamorous means to an end. And it's really not. I mean, yeah, that was a lot of my journey. Like I I think, you know, it's really hard when people are like, "Oh, money won't make you happy." And I think everyone says it, but until you really live the experience of having everything and feeling empty, it's kind of hard to trust when people tell you that. And I think that's really what I've learned through this as well is that all of the the glitz and the glamour is not going to make you happy if you are doing something that you hate and you are, you know, empty and lacking purpose. And so, that's also where the belief in myself has really come from is like, "Okay, if I've been called to do something, I need to trust that calling. I need to trust myself instead of running away and believing that a lifestyle is going to make it better and that money is going to make it better and that if I'm able to, you know, go to these places and do these things, that I'm going to feel better." Cuz you're going to do that and you're going to be miserable everywhere cuz you're not dealing with like the root of the problem. Yeah. It's so important to have stories like you were shared. Um so, again, I want to thank you for being willing to share yours with us. What inspired you to start speaking out and sharing your experience publicly? Um so, I first talked about it December 2024. I posted a TikTok video. And I don't know what it was. I mean, I honestly think it might have been when Lily Phillips first came out with that video. And just something about seeing it just sparked something in me and I was like, "Oh my god, I got to talk about this." And I was so nervous. Like I was so scared to talk about it. I was like, "Oh my god." Cuz I was still in the industry. And I was like, "Oh, this is going to be This is going to be brutal." And I was also still heavily involved in some legal matters. So, I was like, "Oh my god, this is just terrible." But I just felt the call on my heart, you know? And I was like, "Okay, if I'm feeling called to speak now, then I have to speak now." And I wrestled with that for a little bit. And I remember even talking to my therapist about it cuz I was like, "How can I speak out about this when I'm still doing it? Like, how can I bite the hand that feeds me and then like go online?" It was that like guilty conscious type of thing. So, I think I just felt so called to do it that I was like, "I feel called to do it for a reason." So, I just I did it once. And that's what's kind of brought a lot of opportunities. And then I started just getting more comfortable with speaking about it. And I was like, just trying to be honest of like, "Okay, yes, I'm speaking about this, but like also understand like I am still in the industry for these specific reasons. And I do have an exit plan, but I just I want to talk about this now." I mean, there's a lot to uncover. I could talk about it forever. So, yeah, I just I felt really called to do it and I just trusted that call. Yeah. Since you've started speaking out about this, are there specific stories or scenarios that you've shared that are you found people are so surprised to learn? I think pretty much everything. Like everyone just assumed that it was this great thing and that I was living this great life. And that's what it looks like on social media, you know? Like I was traveling Europe all summer. I was living in a beautiful apartment. I was moving to different cities. I moved to three different cities in 3 months. So, everyone was like, "Oh my gosh, she's really out here doing the absolute most." And so, I think people were shocked to hear about how what was going on behind the scenes. And yeah, I think pretty much everything possible. Like the illusion was really there for people that everything was fine. And it when now when I tell them, "Oh yeah, I I hated that and I dealt with this." They're like, "What? Like, how? How? You were doing all this stuff." And I'm like, "Yeah, but I was also dealing with this." Yeah. What does healing look like for you since leaving OnlyFans? I think healing, you know, it's convincing yourself or, you know, not even convincing yourself, but undoing all of the lies that you have already told yourself. So that like I won't make money doing something that I love. Or, you know, nobody's going to love me after what I've done. Or all men cheat. All men are like this. And having all of these ideas that come into your head after, you know, being in this industry, I think it's been realizing and also being around different crowds and, you know, not being around the people who are, you know, necessarily in the industry or still kind of, you know, glamored by it. So, I think it's that and just realizing like this isn't normal. And if it was normal, I would have felt good doing it. And trusting your body that was picking up on signals. And, you know, coming back into your body and also removing all these ideologies that you've picked up. I think another big one is also this like feeling of money coming in fast and understanding that, you know, things that are going to be worth your while that are going to take a long time. Doesn't mean they're going to take 10 years, but it might take, you know, a few months. And OnlyFans is so instant. So, it's also breaking these bad habits of believing that everything should just come to me immediately. And I should be able to do this immediately. And almost just like entitlement that you kind of pick up when you're in the industry cuz you're living in a fantasy land. So, I think healing has really been like uncovering all of the lies. And then I've definitely gotten stronger like in my faith, which I don't push, you know, Christianity or anything on anybody. I've always been very spiritual. So, I've kind of just incorporated that into my spiritual life and into my spiritual practice and trying to gain understanding of, you know, my journey, my purpose here, you know, why did I make these decisions? How can we not, you know, stay clear of making decisions that are unaligned for me in the future? And making it just this self-learning lesson, I think has also been very healing. And just learning how to understand yourself more. And then, yeah, I think body stuff is also important because when I went into the industry, I was definitely not confident in my body. But I think being in front of a camera so much, you kind of either have to fake it or you just have to learn to love your body. And so, that was probably one of the only, I guess, positives was learning to love my body through that. So, it's also just healing the relationship to your body. Um not and uncovering that like being an object thing cuz I was like in the same mindset a lot of girls are in of I'm just an object. Men just look at me to have sex with me, whatever. So, it's uncovering that as well and understanding that you're way more than a body and learning to love your body and cherish your body in whatever way that looks. And keeping it away from men who are are not going to treat you good in any capacity. So, yeah, that's that's definitely been a healing journey as well. Yeah, that's really beautifully said. Thank you for sharing that. For anyone who is considering joining OnlyFans, what would you say to them? What would you want them to know? Just believe in yourself enough to do what you're actually called to do. And that this is not a crutch. This is not a buffer. This is not going to give you the lifestyle that you want. There is an end to this and it's pretty fast. And you're going to end up having to start over anyways. So, learn to, you know, believe in yourself more, get comfortable with yourself, and play the long game. You know, things that start fast burn just as fast. And that was really, you know, what this is. There's no shortcuts to success. And you hear that in everybody's story. And the people who do try to shortcut it, they end up losing everything and having to start over anyways. So, just avoid that stuff. Avoid trying to, you know, go around the maze and just go right through it. And it's not going to be easy and it's going to suck. And you're going to see people that it seems like everyone's moving faster than you. And it is what it is. That's part of it. But you have to do it right. And if you do it right the first time, it'll be done right the first time. And if you do it wrong and you try to, you know, scam people, shortcut, you're going to get pushed back to the back of the line. So, I think that's pretty much, you know, the the biggest thing, especially with the girls that are really young. And also, just the the whole lifestyle is all fake. You know, everything's fake. People aren't as rich as they say they are. Everything's pretty boring. It's really not as glamorous as you think. I think the most glamorous thing to be is at peace with yourself. And that can look however you want it to look. You don't have to have a Birkin bag to be glamorous. You don't have to, you know, be on a yacht to be glamorous. So, just stop watching people on social media if you're going to be convinced to go down paths that you know are not right for you. Is there anything we haven't spoken about yet today that you would like people to know about OnlyFans or about your story? There's a lot, but I'm trying to see how I can word this. OnlyFans avoids a lot of their responsibility. At least that I think it's their responsibility to deal with what actually happens on this platform. I mean, I know some people don't agree with holding platform owners accountable for what happens, but I think in this case, you can only hide from things for so long. And that anyone who's dealing with a matter that is, you know, complicated, you're not alone in it. You're not the first one to go through it. There's nothing normal about 40-year-old men suing 20-year-olds for millions of dollars. So, please reach out to people. You have every right to take control of yourself and your body and your money and your life. Nobody can take that away from you, even though they're going to try to. And I really hope that over time, you know, certain at least restrictions or, you know, takedowns are in place because I don't think it's fair for these And it's not just OnlyFans, pretty much every sex platform that avoids accountability of what happens there. And this is, you know, it's a breeding ground for traffickers and for exploitation, and you don't know who's trafficked, you don't know who's there willingly, most of them are not there willingly. And I really hope that over time some, you know, action is actually taken with stuff like this because you can't keep hiding behind a mask and calling this, you know, artistic expression, you know, when you're just basically allowing crime to take place on your platform. So, that's kind of another goal, I guess. I hope that happens. Yeah. It's very well said. I think, obviously, anyone who's exploiting someone should be held accountable. Um and uh culturally for anyone listening to this, you know, even if you're saying, "Well, I'm not on OnlyFans, I don't consume content on OnlyFans, I don't participate." This is something that's so normalized that we have to be willing to have conversations about what impacts this has in our society. Who is being exploited through these platforms? Why are people being exploited through these platforms? Who's supporting the platforms? We know from the information we have about OnlyFans consumers, chances are pretty good that someone you know and love is consuming content on OnlyFans. And so, culturally being willing to hear stories like this, share stories like this, and have conversations about a world where we don't stand for exploitation and we don't tolerate exploitation. Uh and what we can all do to to build some momentum to move forward so we can have some progress on these issues. Mhm. >> It's so important. Yeah, and I think that a lot of people just assume, specifically the men that comment on my post, like, "All the girls are just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyways. They just care about money and they're they're there by choice." And, you know, do your research. Like, I think this is not something that's spoken about in schools. It's not spoken about on the news. Unless you're actively looking this up, you're really not going to know about it. Why it's hidden, I don't know. But, just do your research cuz I think like I've really just been trying to educate people who are like, "Well, everyone's there by choice." I'm like, most aren't. And when does it stop becoming a choice, you know? When you try to leave or move on to somebody else or something else and then, you know, you're stuck in something, is that still a choice? Um cuz to me it's not. And I also just think shaming people, whether it's for consuming the content or for, you know, participating in making the content, I think shame causes people to stay in the action that is going to just prolong this. And when you tell girls, you know, you're damaged goods or you tell guys, "Oh, well, you're disgusting." It's kind of like, okay, well, why are they going to stop that? If you're already, you know, excluding them out of society, they're not going to have any desire to come back in and they're just going to keep doing what they do. So, I also think shame is something that really just like is just not helpful. It's not doing anything to anyone. You're only trying to put yourself on a pedestal above people. You don't know what brought them there, you don't know the story, and you don't know anything that happens because you're not involved. So, unless you're involved, you really don't know. Um And yeah, that's pretty much it. It's very well said. And there's a lot of research to back up the idea that shame keeps people stuck in cycles rather than allowing them to break free from cycles. So, truly, if we want to reduce the demand for exploitation, if we want to reduce exploitation, if we want to let people know about the harms that are on the platform so they can make an informed decision regarding their consumption of content, we have to be willing to have these conversations in a shame-free way to help create safety to motivate those changes. Yeah, absolutely. Well, Taylor, thank you so much for joining me. Is there anything else you wanted to share that before we wrap up? You know, my DMs are always open for girls who need help. Um and just don't know how to navigate this. You know, I always post about that. And then, um I am writing a book about a lot of this that will come out in 2026. So, that's super exciting. But, yeah, I just always, you know, open the door for people who are struggling with this, who don't feel like they have anywhere to go or turn. And, you know, they're not in a Miami where they're dealing with a bunch of OnlyFans girls who might be experiencing something similar and they're somewhere else. So, yeah, if you are, you know, struggling to leave in a bad contract or just, you know, having a mental health day, like I just am always here for the girlies. Thank you so much, Taylor. We're so grateful that you're willing to share your story with us, with our listeners, and also for the work that you are doing to help share the realities of OnlyFans out in the world. And we look forward to seeing your book when it comes out. Best of luck with that. Thank you so much. Thanks for joining us on this episode of Consider Before Consuming. Consider Before Consuming is brought to you by Fight the New Drug. [music] Fight the New Drug is a non-religious and a non-legislative organization that [music] exists to provide individuals the opportunity to make an informed decision regarding pornography by [music] raising awareness on its harmful effects using only science, facts, >> and personal accounts. Check out the episode notes for resources mentioned in this episode. If [music] you find this podcast helpful, consider subscribing and leaving a review. Thanks again for listening. We invite you to increase your self-awareness, look both ways, check your blind spots, and consider before consuming.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobinBirdsong [2 likes]: I’m glad she’s speaking out! But… no, not everyone is doing porn. Unfortunately that’s one way many women justify it in their own minds.
  2. @gud3742 [1 likes]: This is what happens when you prioritize money over spirit.

OnlyFans is the Devil's honeypot.

What every eager prostitute eventually realizes is that she has a soul.

That's why prostitution is wrong.

How are you prostituting yourself?

Note: I am not making light of prostitution when it is forced or girls have no other options to survive. That is serious and sad. I am making light of girls who don't need to do prostitution but do it because they are too spoiled to do serious work.

Why does spirituality and traditional religion demonize money?
Why do I speak negatively and dismissively about money?
Because money is an improper priority. Money supplants Truth. Once you are driven by money, you have lost all sight of what is Good and Right. Money is like prostitution. It harms your relationship with Yourself. Don't betray Yourself for money. Don't betray the spirit for material. The material must subordinate itself to spirit, otherwise evil reigns. Because spirit is more real than material. Material is derivative of spirit. This is not a matter of morality, it’s a matter of ontology. Spirit is the highest reality. Spirit is the source of all Good.
  3. @mansourelhajj9968 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing your experience, this conversation needs to be had more. Haters in the comments have got to have miserable lives, or pay for OF themselves.
  4. @nicksterp2805 [1 likes]: Its sad these guys think theyre in a relationship with you
  5. @MandyB-jx4zm [1 likes]: She Speaks Truth. ♥
  6. @frankwestmoreland4300 [1 likes]: The most important point (warning!) Taylor makes is that these girls have to--eventually--do some extremely disgusting and dangerous things to make some really good money. These girls mistakenly think they can do some light porn and make tens of thousands every month. But only celebrities can do this.
  7. @stevestersic4073: Well to young women thinking about this only the top 5% do very well and they are usually well known for something else like porn videos.  Most will get a small following and maybe make two or three hundred dollars a month!!  Plus OF takes 20% I believe.  It’s not at easy as it seems.  There’s now millions of women competing as well vs a few yrs ago with just a million.
  8. @RoeVenturesLLC: 19:44 her self esteem is low wow
  9. @parris145: “I wanted money coming in without having to think or do anything”—her words, not mine.
Listen, I love this channel and how it makes people—especially men—think about the sex industry. But when it comes to OF, we can’t let women completely ignore their own choices or use cognitive dissonance as an excuse to avoid responsibility. It sounds like if she had made Sophie Rain-level money, she’d still be fine with it.
  10. @helenfoss368: Porn has driven traffic since beginning of web. Spilled over into mainstream. Now  the girls regret it. Prostitution-agent a pimp. So unaware .
  11. @JoJo8531-c8t: Want to be different? Delete all social media. Stay away from your phone. Use it like a real phone; talk on it like a phone. You’ll be different than most people.
  12. @SrbendaNo1: You are on the internet forever whooar.
  13. @jonalexandermoret3581: We need more women talking about this. Thank you for sharing your story
  14. @Hobblone-xe3jv: Including well-built men would be extreme; it's boring the way it is now.
  15. @klatuuneo: Simps are ruining our society..who are they, don't they see that they are destroying the world and themselves too?
  16. @brits8426: Hope all the nasty commenters are also anti porn (:
  17. @jblank6470: "Sexualized racism"?🙄 
Racism is a dead horse; stop beating it.
  18. @stephenkosacz1893: so called "quick and easy" money has always had a price.  You're just learning that now and complaining that you don't want to pay the price instead of working a boring slow paced "day job".  The "straight" life has always been hard and unappealing
  19. @raletky: You we're "with someone who was toxic." Maybe they were toxic, but you were the one making porn. That's toxic, too.
  20. @raletky: Your opening theme music is one of Erik Satie's Gymnopedies at an increased tempo. He's dead.

- HealthyGamer GG  Talking with an OnlyFans creator!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Applause] [Music] [Laughter] welcome to another healthy gamer GG stream my name is Arlo canoji just a reminder that although I'm a psychiatrist nothing we discussed today on stream is intended to be taken as medical advice everything is for educational or entertainment purposes only if y'all have a medical concern or question please go see a licensed professional welcome to stream everybody happy Friday um let's see here how y'all doing yeah so today uh we are talking to a Creator on only fans and uh you know I I know it sounds kind of shocking maybe but we've worked with over 400 creators here at HG and some of them are from only fans and in the world of content creation there's a lot of evolution and so we're here to learn a little bit about what it's like to be an only fans Creator so I encourage you all to uh you know treat our guests today with the same respect that we treat all of our other guests um yeah I mean we're just here because we we here at HG believe that human beings are generally speaking human beings and that if we want to like understand and make the world a better place understanding each other's perspectives is like a really important part of that um so yeah so we're looking forward to it um we are big fans of only fans creators in general all content creators and we love supporting them so yeah a couple of other quick announcements um we have Max lugavare talking about diet and health this Friday this next Friday so a week from now so that should be really interesting I think um they've done a lot of research on like gut brain health too so we'll see what that's kind of like um and a couple of things uh so we actually have group coaching spots available for the first time in a long time so y'all should definitely check out group coaching I think it's one of our the one of the best things that we offer at HG and it's one of the things that's the hardest to understand so I don't know how else to say this but like sometimes in life you need a cohort of people and as you go through life and face different challenges having a cohort of people can be very very helpful so people who understand you people who don't have any kind of dual interest right so you can ask like your mom to read your college essay but she's gonna be biased so what we sort of see in group coaching is that people tend to do really really well the longer they kind of stick with it and the good news about group coaching is that it can kind of help you with lots of different things so unlike um you know other sorts of things which are just focused on one thing you're going to go and you're going to get this and you're going to kind of get out group coaching is really about helping you navigate life with like a party XP buff so any kind of challenges that you face whether they're relationships or career stuff or whatever like group can help with all of those things what group really teaches you is a skill set to go through life and you learn that by observing other people by helping other people and there's good evidence for example that one of the best things that you can do if you're depressed is actually to help other people which is something that we've sort of missed out on in the field of Psychiatry is that getting better in life oftentimes involves things that are not like psychiatric treatment so a group is built on the evidence-based peer support model which like the United Nations and like the office of the Surgeon General of the United States everyone's like everyone should be doing more peer support and that's what we do so it's just an incredibly powerful stuff that can go on in Group you can sort of really learn about yourself recognize your blind spots as you see them in other people and then you'll kind of come together and get a party XP buffer for solving your problems yeah so check out group for sure uh yeah so I think we're gonna go ahead and get started okay let me go ahead let's get started let's do a little bit of this and then a little bit of this hello oh God did my headphones just go can you count to ten for me one two three four five six seven eight okay let me see if nine ten okay can you turn up your mic um is there any way you can turn up your mic I'm going to turn you off yeah I can I can okay great hello is this better yeah that's way better okay let me just one second hello give me one moment my friend and let's get started oh looks like we did not change the name gotta do this and so what do you go by uh I go by mintum men plushy GF whatever okay well we hopefully we fixed that but right now it has you as xqc which is I go we're juicers yeah I think let's see that's good enough okay welcome mint Tom hello and thank you so much for um agreeing to speak with us today thank you so much for having me um can you tell me so what do you what would you like me to call you uh Min Tom okay whatever you want I don't really mind I will call you Min if that's okay yeah and um yeah so thank you very much for coming on and I understand you're an only fans Creator is that correct yeah I am and is there something in particular you want to talk about today maybe like how to feel like I'm worthy enough to do things okay just like anything in general or like self-esteem stuff okay sure so can you tell me a little bit about whether you are worthy enough to do things um sometimes I feel like even with my job I feel like I'm not pretty enough to redo my job because it's a very I would say the only fans is very diverse and so you can like you can look a different way you could have a different body shape and people like will buy it but for me sometimes I'm just like damn like sometimes I'm like ugly like sometimes I feel like I'm not good enough to be doing my job okay and okay and how long have you been doing your job uh it's about to be a year now one year and how long have you felt like you may not be pretty enough to do your job since I started what about before you started always like still the same okay so so it sounds like this doesn't have so much to do with the job as it does the way you've kind of felt about yourself yeah I would say like I have very low self-esteem about myself okay and how do you understand that like why do you think that is what's going on there um I guess because like I think lowly of myself and sometimes I feel like I'm not worthy enough to be able to do like simple tasks like cater to my relationships my job or like anything in general how long have you felt that way my whole life okay wow that sounds like a rough way to go through life yeah how has that affected you it's pretty difficult sometimes I feel like uh I don't deserve to um even have a chance to try things in life because I feel like I'm not good enough so do you deprive yourself of chances I think so but I'm not sure yeah I'm not sure okay can you tell me a little bit about what growing up was like for you it's pretty difficult um it's very unstable I have I'm Vietnamese so both of my parents are via so they immigrated during the Vietnam war in a little bit afterwards between that time so they have a lot of trauma and my mom and my dad they did it grow up with parents their parents died when they were very young oh my God and um it was pretty hard for them um my dad was very absent he was very abusive too and my parents were very abusive to me and to my two other sisters I'm the youngest out of the three of us so it was pretty difficult it was very unstable too um and then so you mentioned you have two sisters what was your relationship with them like pretty bad um they kind of treated me poorly because they would hold like I guess stuff against me like oh mom and dad like treats you so much better treats me so much better which is like oh have an extra candy because you were good today it would be like something small like they would hold that against me and you know like when you have siblings like you guys fight you guys like tease each other but they're like bullied me a lot like my family bullied me a lot when I was growing up what what did that bullying look like um they would tell me like I was ugly and that I would say like that's like a lot I like those fan say that to them where they'd be like been Tom you're so ugly like I would feel so sorry if someone married you like you're so ugly to the point where you're so unlovable like it's disgusting like they would say stuff to me like that your sisters or your parents both oh my God that's terrible dude do you have any sense why they would say that things like that no because I felt like when I was growing up they didn't like me well it sounds like they didn't it was pretty hard because as an adult now I just turned 19. I say here and I try to process what happened and it's hard not to blame myself for Stuff when most of it isn't my fault what kind of so what what does that self-blame how do you experience that self-blame is it like thoughts emotions yeah like let's say like I'm talking to someone sometimes I'm like damn like this person doesn't even like me like they probably don't like me like they probably talk to me because they're like because they feel bad I don't know they like hate me or but they like don't want to seem they don't want to come off as rude you know so so it sounds like you doubt when people express interest in you I'm just kind of like struggling to sit with how hard your life has been man yeah it's pretty difficult yeah can you help me understand what made you come on here today um I just wanted to hear like I'm not sure I just wanted to like I guess like ask if like I'm doing okay for a 19 year old like I don't know like sometimes I feel like I I'm not sometimes I'm like damn like am I am I doing good in life you know sure um so what do you think no and this is like damn like you don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing with yourself like you gotta you gotta figure it out yeah can you tell me what you are doing right now like what do you think a normal 19 should do and what are you doing help me understand the compare and contrast going to school contributing to society and then I'm here taking a little pretty pictures for only fans so okay sometimes I'm like and it is that not contributing to society I joke about it I'm like yeah I'm contributing to society but then I sit here and I'm like I'm not sure sometimes I just feel like I don't if someone was in my position and they told me they were in the same exact position as I am I'd be like damn you're doing pretty well really yeah but because it's me I'm like well so so what what would you say if if it was someone else what would make you say damn you're doing pretty well what are the things that would make you react that way damn girl you or damn dude you've been you've been through a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing pretty well absolutely and and so are you in school right now No I um I had to take a gap year and I'm deciding if I want to go back to school sure uh I'm kind of like scared too what's scary about school um I'm scared that I won't get accepted again even though like I got accepted but like to be honest I didn't really plan my life this this far so I I guess that's why I'm very nervous or very scared do you have people that support you emotionally right now yeah I have a I have a couple but sometimes I feel like I I bother them even though that's not like how I should feel when I talk to people but I always feel like I'm being a nuisance to others do you feel like a nuisance today not really how do you think so how do you feel right now I feel kind of nervous okay so did I scare you with that question yeah kind of what was scared okay so first of all you you're um you're not bothering anybody we're thrilled you're here thank you I'm thrilled I I'm really even though it's making me sad in a lot of ways I'm really excited I I know it I'm grateful for this conversation very grateful to talk yeah so I think it's I don't so I okay let me just make a couple notes so if I tell you this conversation is making me feel sad how does that make you feel it makes you feel bad okay because I don't want to make you feel bad are you responsible for my emotions no I don't think so you don't kind of yeah I know right I know let's understand that let's just start there so help me understand the kind of you're doing great by the way this is fantastic it's helping a lot of people I'm pretty sure okay so help me understand kind of are you responsible um I mean if I said something mean to you and it made you sad that's kind of my fault right yeah things I say can can affect how you feel or how you perceive it yeah and so yeah what kind of stuff should you blame yourself for right so what's appropriate to blame could have said reworded it if a little better could have said it a little you know yeah I actually think you said the most important thing which is that if you said something mean right so like if you say something intentionally harmful or like oblivious like if you're so oblivious to like my state of mind but let's think a little bit about like what did I sign up for in this conversation what do you think I sign up to feel sad no absolutely I did really like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like have you seen our streams before yeah I've watched a lot of your scenes I'm not a big fan yeah okay well thank you but so this is what I'm saying like so like I sign up for this right you sign up for this do we sign up for this together yeah and it's not all like roses and kittens and like sometimes there's some like bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah so I I what I'm what I'm seeing already men and I'm gonna steer the conversation a little bit is like I think we need to I want to help you and everyone else like let's talk through and maybe try to understand what we should blame ourselves for where does pride come from where does self-esteem come from where does feeling bad about ourselves come from where does where does shame come from because oftentimes if you grow up in a traumatic household you're not like taught what's appropriately shameful does that make sense yeah I I feel like sometimes I get embarrassed because I I feel like because I don't know if what I'm feeling is appropriate even though I know it's appropriate but it doesn't feel appropriate to me yeah I think I mean the biggest thing that I'm kind of hearing from you is that a lot of us are lucky enough to be given a map for life and I get the sense that you really weren't like like people didn't teach you how you're supposed to be when you're like 19 years old they didn't say like this is what you should do and this is what you should do they didn't instill you with confidence it's hard sometimes I get jealous who do you get jealous of my peers sometimes my friends I I would say I'm not a very jealous person but there's times where it hits me I'm like damn like I wish I had someone to hold my hand because I felt like most of my life when I I didn't really have someone to hold my hand I was mainly by myself that sounds hard yeah it's pretty hard how do you feel about being jealous of your friends makes me feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I'm not it's not like I I hate you it's just I would have had what you had like I would I would do so much for to have my parents to tell me like you're so pretty today oh you're so I love you like you're you're such an amazing person like I appreciate you being on this planet I can say two of those things authentically I think you're an amazing person and I appreciate you being on I also think you're courageous for coming here today um I think you're brave I think you're helping a lot of people I think you're a good person um and I think you're really unlucky and it makes makes me sad that you had to grow up in the circumstances that you which which is not something you chose right like you didn't get to pick this yeah I wish I could and so I think a big part of that is I also don't think you deserve the suffering that you've had in life because yeah I don't think you picked like it's one thing if you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and you're made to feel this way right but like I don't hear any reason why this should be done to you yeah I feel like now like it's hard not to blame myself for things that I know isn't my fault because my my parents really like are my family it's not just my parents um they really engraved it in my head to think like majority of the things that happened to me were my fault and I would say like I get hurt a lot because of that because I'm not sure I just feel like it's always my fault even though it's not how did they engrave That Into You they would be like like let's say I dropped something a cup of water my my family are very angry people like very very angry people so let's say I drop a cup of water and then my mom was gonna say this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like oh you're such a dumbass like why would you drop that cup of water like you're so clumsy like a dog would be better than you like she used to say things like that she doesn't really say it now um also I don't really hold things against my family um I forgive them for everything dude done to me why I used to be a very angry person like very hateful um my my um I really hated my dad for when he abandoned me uh because he had a gambling addiction and um he was gone for a majority of my life and he he was cheating creating families for other people oh my God and then left my mom to be a single mom and it was it was pretty hard I I really hated that because it made me feel like I wasn't good enough like why why does this kid get to have you but I can't you can't do it for me it kind of makes me feel bad because sometimes I'm like damn like yeah you know men when I hear that that may be the single most damaging thing that a parent can do to a child yeah like for a parent to in kind of almost like intentionally like pick one child or love one child over another is like I don't know I mean just in my professional experience you know I've seen a lot of different kinds of abuse and in a lot of ways like that's the most damaging I I don't think it's helpful to rank we're not making like a yeah this year of trauma but you know I I mean that's tough dude um it made me feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too because he would compare me because my my family really hates him minus me my mother because my mom taught me to be a forgiving person because when I was younger I used to resent him I should be like oh man Tom like you should you should forgive him like you know like hurt people hurt people you know and I 100 agree with that like hurt people do hurt people because I've hurt people because I was hurt my mom has hurt people because hurt me because she's hurt my dad has hurt people because he's probably [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] traumatized because he doesn't have a family like he didn't grow up with a family so I don't hold things against him and but I mean do hmm I'd like to challenge that a little bit is that okay yeah so you said that you've hurt people but there I would guess they're also a lot of people that you haven't heard yeah I don't know if that kind of makes sense so do you feel comfortable sharing with us an example of like someone that you hurt um and you don't have to if you don't feel comfortable with that I'm kind of a people people pleaser so I don't really try to like I guess like start stuff with people yeah that's why I'm challenging it I just knew like when I was younger I used to project a lot of my trauma onto my friends like how young like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seven years old toiling my thumbs yeah so you know I mean like I know I'm supposed to like listen to what you have to say and agree with you on everything and all that good stuff and be supportive but I'm gonna push back so the first thing is if you hurt someone when you were seven given the the upbringing that you had I think that's sort of forgivable like I wouldn't blame a seven-year-old so I think this is one of the biggest things a lot of times when kids act out we punish them right and if they don't change their behavior we punish them more and I think it's really sad that we live in a society where we don't ask why the kid is doing this so a good example of this is like there there will be kids who will smear feces on things at school like this is actually a relatively common thing yeah and so you punish the kid but like what kind of kid starts smearing feces over stuff there's usually like something going on where the kid doesn't know how to handle like their emotional environment what they're dealing with like they just don't know what like they just can't they don't have the capacity they're emotionally drowning um and like physically sometimes I mean I guess not metaphorically but like even like physically like you know they they're not getting proper food they're not getting proper sleep like and so then like human beings start doing weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when like stuff is overwhelming and you know you were saying hurt people hurt people I think that's like a really good way to like forgive people but also like you've been really hurt and I think that there are many cases in which you don't hurt people right like you could there's a lot of you strike me as like a pretty good person and so I think you're very caring the feelings of others and and so I know it sounds kind of weird but like you haven't left a trail of Destruction in your wake maybe you haven't I just don't know but I would guess that most people are happy to have you in their life in some way except for your family obviously sometimes I don't feel that way oh sorry yeah no go for it like my my mom used to tell me that like sharing your feelings or telling people your problems is a nuisance because she's a very she's a she's such a strong woman like she's I look up to her a lot my mom even though she like kind of hurt me but it's okay what what do you what do you respect about your mom she she care of for child support and she tried her best being a parent maybe not the best but no one knows how to be a parent you know you don't get a freaking guide even then like her parents died when she was very young too so I don't hold anything against her like at all is that weird I think it's remarkable why because most people who get hurt by humans hold stuff against them what do you think about that like most humans hold a grudge um my my middle sister she she holds a lot of grudges against us but uh sometimes I try not to get upset but it's hard not to because it's like she did the best she could you know that's that's only we can that's like all we can ever do in life is do the best we can and also my mom did a pretty good job I mean I'm not sure I'm not like freaking doing crimes or anything I would say like I'm pretty okay okay so so it sounds like you respect your mom a lot because she did the best job that she could love with a lot of hardships she um okay so men um are you doing the best job that you can do sometimes I feel like I'm not but I would say yeah I'm I'm trying my best and have you had a lot of hardships yeah and do you respect yourself no weird how that works right yeah why not what do you think is going on there hmm I feel like almost like 90 of people I've met in my life have hurt me like even friends too in relationships too you know how you said like I've been unlucky with my family and stuff like even with friends I've been even more unlucky because they kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me over a lot too how so let's say like this is so dumb but like in Middle School okay you know how like people say like when you're like a little kid they're like oh I'd rather have one really good friend instead of like a gazillion friends like I'd rather have one really good friend than so many people in my life I used to think that was so stupid because I was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like why would you rely on one person and I think that's because like I think that because I didn't have someone to go to like my parents they wouldn't do it for me so why would others do it for for me and so um I was I I became popular in middle school and so like I was friends with these girls you know they were really nice really pretty and they like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me too they were like then Tom you're so ugly you're so fat you're so disgusting and like they really hypersexualized me as a child which is very uncomfortable I I used to think it was very normal what do you mean by hypersexualized you um you don't have to say that I'm sure like I've never heard of seventh graders yeah I did in two but these these were different breeds like different types they were like oh mental I'm like I'm a very small person I'm 411 so they would be like imagine you having sex with like a grown ass man or some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like like wild [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I was like um I feel very uncomfortable because I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like oh holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why why are you as a freaking 12 year old 13 year old talking about sex like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we can't even drive ourselves anywhere like what but like those those group of people they were like doing drugs doing smoking like drinking having sex with a lot of kids the popular kids and so they kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up too because I would confide in them because I'm I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 12 I don't have no one to talk to 13. like hey guys like my mommy and daddy are like fighting my dad's gone like can you can you be a good friend to me and then they're like yeah let's go drink let's go let's go have sex let's do this let's do that and it's like I don't want that I want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cry I wanna I wanna cry like I just wanna hug that's all I wanted and it wasn't like all the girls in the group it was just like a couple there were some of the girls they were following what the the the main girl was so like they would say like racist stuff to me and like very harmful things to me and it made me feel lowly about myself but like when we got to high school they like cried to me they were like you know like I'm very sorry for like how I treated you like that's right I did it yeah it's very rare to admit that what she did was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up yeah and they were like they were like I'm sorry like I hope you can forgive me like I understand if you can't forgive me because why I said I was pretty shitty pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I forgave them I mean like we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids like no one knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're saying like when they're a kid so I'm noticing that you have a different standard for other people than you do for yourself for my parents I think how so I guess like they set very high expectations for myself or even when they don't say it I feel it like I feel like I'm always being judged by them like like nitpicky they're very nitpicky I'm a very clumsy person so they get very they're like oh you're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clumsy like why why are you like this I don't know it's just a clumsy person like I'm sorry like damn like my fault and and they like put me under like a microscope they're like dude like why did you do your hair like that why did you put your makeup on like that why did you do this why do you look like this why do you look like that so I would say like even if they don't say like oh I have a set expectation for you it's like I have they I can feel it if that makes sense yeah so it sounds like you can almost read their mind even if they don't say anything can you read my mind no okay are there particular thoughts that you think I'm having or that you're worried that I'm having yeah sometimes like can do you feel comfortable sharing those I don't know I'm just very nervous so yeah I'm like worried that you think of me as a very insecure person with low self-esteem which I don't think is bad but I care but isn't that what you said you were struggling with yeah but I I don't like people not like thinking that I don't know if that's weird that's probably weird you want me to think of you with respect positive and do I do let's think about this do I do I respect you men I I think so I think so too yeah so I know this sounds kind of weird but um so when people get traumatized let's understand a couple things okay when when our when our brain grows up with adrenaline floating around and do you do you get how you so in in your environment when you get yelled at or whatever right your your body is going to produce adrenaline familiar with that concept yeah okay and then as you produce adrenaline it changes the way that your brain starts working so one thing that adrenaline does is make things black and white so there's no like Nuance it's like either or either I'm sure I would guess that you've had times in your life where someone has made you feel like good and then if they made you feel good they made you feel really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good like you felt like oh my God like my world is changing I finally found one person who's like everyone else's devils and I found one angel if you had experiences like that yeah like with all my relationships okay right with everything yeah I I take things very literal I'm a very literal person so I don't say I love you unless I mean it so you say you love me I'm gonna think you love me like I'm gonna want you to keep saying like I love you like I care about you it makes me feel good because I feel wanted because yeah I don't I feel like as a child I didn't feel very wanted okay and and do you do you think that someone who loves you can be mad at you yeah of course and do you are you still able to feel loved by them when they are mad at you because I feel like they they hate me right if they're angry with you that means that they hate you yes I I think it's because my parents when they were really like just mad in general they would berate me yeah a lot right so if we want to understand why we have low self-esteem let's start by like and is it okay that I'm explaining stuff or do you want me to ask you more questions no no no it's okay okay if I did something that wasn't okay would you be able to let me know yeah okay I think it's cool awesome thank you so much I feel relieved by you saying that um and I'm gonna I'm gonna count on you to tell me what's okay and what's not okay because I can't read your mind I'm not a reminder like you are yeah okay um I think you're very good at reading Minds by the way thank you Okay so so the first thing to understand is that when we when our brain grows up with adrenaline we start to see the world in black and white but if we really think about it objectively like let's say like I'm married and I can love my wife and still be angry with her like those two things can exist at the same time does that make sense theoretically at least but what happens when we when our brain gets wired with adrenaline is that we can't things can't be gray they're either black or they're white so if they love me it's like oh my God this is the purest and most amazing you know crack pipe kind of love you can possibly get in this world it's like um you know you just feel so good and then if they get angry with you like all of that stuff starts to crumble it's either or black or white yes okay so I think one of the biggest challenges about self-esteem is that if we view the world as black and white your self-esteem is either a hundred percent or at zero percent and the basic problem is that if you drop from 199 it goes all the way to zero yeah does that make sense yes can you explain what you understand or how that relates to your experience let's say like my mom's upset at me or let's say my mom told me she loved me and then we got into an argument or something she'll say like I hate you whatever she wants to say and then like two seconds ago you just said you love me but now I feel like you hate me because you're berating me you're telling me um disgusting I'm worthless um whatever yeah and that like feeling went from feeling good to feeling bad about myself yeah so and and it goes from 100 to zero can you set it like 90 approval from someone or is that not really possible for you I'm not I'm not so sure okay so I'm gonna we're gonna experiment if that's I'm gonna make a couple statements you let me know how it works for you okay so I think that you have very low self-esteem yeah and I respect you and I think you're a wonderful person does that compute what are you getting from me you're giving me mixed signals I can't tell if you like me or you hate me there we go okay so let's just pay attention to that for a second you're trying to take this mixed signal I'm sending you Gray and you're like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this black or is this white I can't tell and my point is that it's gray mm-hmm it's neither black nor White yeah that I can simultaneously enjoy a sandwich and wish it had less Mayo does that make sense like not everything in life has to be perfect like I can like certain things and dislike other things now the problem with your self-esteem you know sorry if I say that it sounds weird but no it's okay is that is that like you can't sit with Shades of Gray and so then the problem is the only stuff that is going to improve the only stuff that'll sink in and affect your self-esteem is like 100 positive but I think the real tragedy here is if we really think about where self-esteem comes from it's not being a hundred percent good it's actually being less than 100 good and being accepted anyway mm-hmm what are you hearing me say you're saying that like I don't have to be perfect I guess to be loved or like accepted or care for because that's like kind of better because if I'm perfect now I feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I mess up that's like what I'm kind of getting yeah and then it gets even worse than that because if I love you because you're perfect what do I really love do I love you or do I love the perfection uh-huh does that make sense so even if you if you become everything that you want to be and you're perfectly beautiful you're a 14 out of 10. on the pretty scale you're amazing you're graceful you're not clumsy you're intelligent you know even if you become the person of your dreams and people start liking you it's kind of scary because what are they like do they like me or do they like the Perfection that I exude does that make sense yeah does that ever do you ever think like that like even when someone likes you or treats you well sometimes I just feel like it's just in genuine because I'm like what the hell do you like about me I'm clumsy uh I don't even think I'm that good looking I'm like oh like okay I'm like a 3.5 4 on a good day and then like it makes me feel good but then I get intrusive thoughts of like damn like I don't think someone could love me at all or I don't think someone could be this genuine about me yeah so I I think that's kind of tricky right because if someone does love you and you trick yourself into blocking it or not accepting that love how are you ever gonna feel loved yeah I I would say I'm this I'm most scared of that because I used to want my parents to love me so bad like I would do so much to have my parents approval when I was growing up but I felt like no matter what I did it wasn't enough for them and it was hard because I felt very unlikable I I hated myself I I genuinely woke up and I would just cry because I would be like bro I'm so ugly I look fat I don't look like a supermodel at [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 12 years old I just don't feel good enough to to want to be here anymore and I was like very suicidal when I was younger I'm not anymore thank God I I'm so glad I'm not but it was hard waking up in the morning feeling angry about myself and and disliking myself so much I can imagine yeah and like you know my my friends are supposed to be my friends but then they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me my family's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me my relationships they all suck they're all abusive my my boyfriends my little boyfriends or whatever they treat me like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too like everyone in my life is treating me like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I don't know why everyone keeps treating me like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so now I feel like I'm the problem even though I'm not because why does so many bad things keep happening to me you know like oh yeah I've been unlucky you know once twice three times you know but this many times like I'm going to start feeling that I'm the problem even though it's like everything that has happened in my life has been out of control it's just I feel like it's my fault still I think for a second I mean yeah yeah and by the way I still have um I don't think any less of you I respect you I think you're a good person okay so if I'm like closing my eyes and stuff like oh no no no it's okay yeah I'm just thinking about what you're sharing is just so good that I need to figure out how to respond it's it's gonna take me a second okay take your time don't feel rised I do feel rushed no no don't feel right okay so here's the problem so let's just think this through okay so you've been unlucky absolutely and if [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] keeps happening to you let's just say like you end up in abusive relationships okay now we're in like super dangerous territory because if we say okay this is not your fault you're not doing anything wrong then oddly enough what that does is that takes away the power of your destiny from you that's weird but if you're not doing anything wrong and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] keeps happening to you you do not fundamentally control whether [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] keeps happening to you or not does that make sense yes it's just bad luck over and over and over and over and over again here's the thing I think in some ways you are doing things wrong quote unquote I don't blame you for it I don't think there's a wrongness to it I think generally speaking what we see in people kids who are abused growing up is that they find abusive romantic relationships and they go and they seek them out yeah yeah and and so there's a difference between blaming yourself and being like Oh I'm such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid person because I keep on dating the wrong people that's not what I'm trying to get you to what I but at the same time what I want you to understand and what I want everyone to understand if you keep on finding yourself in abusive relationships is that you have some power here we have to acknowledge that you have some power because but then the problem is that if you have power then you also have responsibility the two come hand in hand I've never been able to figure out how to give someone one power without responsibility so either you have some control in which case it kind of becomes your fault or you have no control and then it's not your fault but I think the key thing to understand is we have to separate out like value as a human being like just because you've made mistakes I don't even think they're mistakes I think the reason you ended up this way it's not really your fault it's just like you haven't no one taught you how to form a healthy relationship literally probably yeah right so if you look at like you know single mom dad is gambling addict has a lot of like other kids and stuff like that like you know like what was a healthy relationship was supposed to look like like how do kids learn how to talk how do they learn how to walk how do they learn what's a healthy what how do they learn what is a relationship they learn by what they see now what I'm hearing is that your parents relationship was not the healthiest and that you had a couple of older sisters and their relationship with you was not super healthy I'm guessing that if they had romantic relationships those were not really the healthiest you're all shitty right so so what are you learning how to do the only thing you're being taught is like how to have a shaded relationship so that's not your fault but I do think that you have some control over whether you have shitty relationships or not yeah definitely and what do you think how do you get into these bad relationships do you remember yeah it'll well I was groomed a lot as I was growing up well yeah that's really we seek validation actually minus one relationship was the only one I wasn't groomed in but I I would talk to them you know hey guys let's see friends you know we start being friends and then they start grieving me they're like oh I care about you I love you I appreciate you you're so pretty You're So Perfect You're So this you're so that like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to hear like from from from and then I was like damn like you know now I'm here crying about my my shitty boyfriend my shitty partner and they're telling me to like I'm ugly I'm worthless now like they they love Bombi and then they switched up they're like oh like you're ugly you're shitty I'm gonna cheat on you I've been cheated on a lot of times obviously like I'm not gonna and now like I feel like damn like in my 13 year old me is thinking like wow if my boyfriend doesn't like me like now what who's gonna love me the one person who told me they love me and they care about me they cherish me on their world whatever they whatever the hell they told me why why do I feel like anyone's Gonna Love Me Anymore I've just been hurt by everyone and like oh sorry no go for it um it's frustrating I get very frustrated because it's like some of them like damn I'm sorry I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you up that's that's all like a lot of people can say to me is they're sorry but like when you were doing the action you weren't sorry you're only sorry because you got caught you're only sorry you're you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sitting here two years later you're like damn what I did was not good but it's like but I have to sit here be a forgiving person to you and and move like be a forgiving person and move wait wait hold on a second why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you have to be a forgiving person because I can't I can't pass the mental fortitude of like not forgiving them because then if I if I don't forgive them I'm angry at them now I'm mad now the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lifts in my head Run free but I don't want that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to live in my head run for you I want to move on so I'm going to forgive you in order to move the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on does that make sense I don't know it makes too much sense why is that bad it is adaptive and maladaptive okay so it helps you move on but it also it like reinforces this pattern of like I'm gonna put you above me because like you know because yeah right so that that's the problem is like like when you forgive someone who wronged you like you don't actually have to forgive him so now you have a choice you can either respect yourself enough to not forgive them or you can move past it right because if you stay angry at them you're right it lives in your head rent free and what does that get you makes me feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so I'm going to forgive them for my own sake to move on but sometimes I get mad I'm like damn why do I always have to be the bigger situation with my family with my friends with my boyfriends with all these and these are these are people older than me grown like grown ass adults who should know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how to treat people with respect but here I am like I have to be the bigger person for you in order for me to move on that's like the most angering part I would say like because I'm just like damn like I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude yeah and and I try not to get angry at it because I don't want to be an angry person I I want to be happy that's all I want in life I just want to be happy but damn it's hard to like you know forgive people keep forgiving forgiving forgiving forgiving forgiving after they do me wrong but I do it yeah so I I think there's a way to learn how to stay how to not forgive people and move on right so if you had that option of like I'm not going to forgive this person this person disrespected me and they actually don't deserve my forgiveness the pain that they caused me is like nah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you and also like I'm done with you everyone huh I shouldn't forgive everyone I don't think so why I mean like people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up you know I can't but I can't I can't be you know holding that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] against them I mean like because my parents [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up I feel like the biggest betrayal was from my parents if I can forgive them I can forgive a lot of people do they that's the biggest feature I went through in my life was my parents and the second one was probably with my friends like maybe like two three people who really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up and it was hard for me too so Min here's here's what I'm gonna say I think is this a conversation okay with you by the way yeah okay um Okay so I think something about the pattern with which you live life has to change right yeah because the strategy that you're playing right now is getting you the results that you get right so like if you want different results you've got to change what you do but I feel like sorry I don't mean to cut you off but cut me off I love it I but if let's say I wasn't a forgiving person right I would be by myself because I wouldn't have my friends anymore because some of them kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me over not all of them but I forgave them because people make mistakes but that's my biggest fear I don't want to be by myself right so since you don't want to be by yourself you tolerate other people treating you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you're more scared of loneliness than you are of like right and so now you have a choice that you can feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and be with someone or you can force people to treat you with respect and then they'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leave the problem is that there's actually this third category of like people who cheat you with respect and you demand that they treat you with respect and since they respect you they stay but you're you're not giving yourself that option because you're so afraid of loneliness right because if you set boundaries with people what do they do they they'll try not to go over them they'll try to respect them I don't think so I think when you set boundaries with people they plow all over them and then you let them now so I'm having this conversation out of respect with you which means that I'm not treating you with like compassion and kid gloves and like am I good men like I genuinely do think you've had one of the shittiest lives I've ever heard of and it's not your fault and you don't deserve that and you deserve love and companionship and for people to respect you and for you to be able to respect yeah and you know whether you do only fans or you don't do only fans like I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you do whatever makes you happy and you know however you want to make money in life that's your choice yeah no judgments yeah but the one thing that I'm gonna challenge you on and I challenge you because I respect is that there's like some like this pattern that you're in I I don't think is helping you long term and it's the fear of being alone right because when someone treats you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like when you have a boyfriend or whatever who treats you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why do you let them and I don't think this makes you weak by the way right I'm not so please don't I'm mad look at yourself and understand why do you let them because I feel like they'll change even though I know they won't because they won't but there's a part of you that knows that they can right because you saw them when they were perfect and you know that if you just if you play your cards right they will go back to that perfect all men you're so beautiful I love you you're perfect oh my God no one's ever made me feel this way I want to spend the rest of I want to spend seven lives with you one life isn't enough they say oh so you you've seen them be perfect right yeah and so when they treat you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you just want to go back to that perfection yeah that was my biggest problem with my most recent one it was like my most healthiest relationship I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just flipped he wasn't a bad person yes or wasn't was it I think I think the problem is I think that people I get into relationships with aren't bad people they're just shitty Partners like you know how like when you date people you can be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] brilliant yeah like you know how there's like shitty friends but they're not bad people they're good people but they're just bad friends that's just how I feel with my relationships they're not horrible people I think they just don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're doing so what makes it hard for you to date people that are that know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're doing sorry yeah I I feel like they the people who I get into relationships with that first they like fool me or like that the gas I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they do yeah they're like yeah I got my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together I I know what what I'm doing I know what I got everything in the bag you know I have everything planned out I have I'm good I'm I'm whatever I'm perfect and then I'm like okay you're perfect I like you and then I catch feelings and then they're like oh let me get the cat out of the bag now oh I do this I do this oh also like I'm also a bad person oh I secretly don't like you yeah so it sounds like you're at the at the outset like Perfection is what you're looking for right so it's it's the people who can pretend to be perfect because no one's no one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no one's perfect perfect right so you go for the the dudes who claim to have all their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together or whatever like no one's got their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together and by the way you're wondering what's normal for 19 years what's normal for 19 year olds is for you to not have any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue what's going on in this world that's normal I'm serious like statistically yeah yeah right so no one's gonna have their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together and and I think it's almost like my guess is that you know what happens a lot is that people there there are people who are there are people who are traumatized themselves and sort of figure out that okay I've got this pile of nastiness inside me but and since I am like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up person in here no one is ever going to love me unless I pretend to be perfect and to compensate for all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down here I have to pretend to be perfect and I have to like pretend that I love them and I have to give up otherwise otherwise oh my God I'm so into men she's so amazing like she's like oh my God she's broken and like I can heal her with my love yeah I think people listen to be a complexes yeah yeah right so so then there's they're bringing all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the table but then since they're bringing all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the table they know that the only way to get men to look at me is if I like I tell she's gorgeous and I tell her this and I tell her this and so they start playing this like manipulative game because they want to dance with you and they can't say hey I'm a flawed human being any chance you'll accept me and then you're playing the same game right so there's not because I sorry yeah because I I try to act like I have my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together but yeah my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] world is crumbling so yeah so I know this sounds weird but like where does confidence come from it doesn't come from having your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together it comes from people accepting you even when you don't have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together right so growing up your your parents your family were like if you do perfect we will love you and if you do less than perfect [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you and what what real what unconducted what unconditional love means and that's what leads to confidence and self-esteem and all this kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that hey you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I love you anyway yeah that's the biggest thing I'm learning as an adult now love isn't conditioned it's like I don't have to feel like I'm busting my ass to to feel loved yeah that's good so I think as you learn that like it's gonna be huge and love for yourself it's gonna be hard I mean now we're going into the hard difficulty love for yourself does it have to be conditional as well but it's your love for your self-conditional nope it's hard so you do have conditional love for yourself no you don't have you have unconditional I'm confused I don't know okay I don't even know do you love yourself no matter what I don't even I like myself I want to say I love myself yeah I think the answer is no right so I think that how much you love yourself and how good you feel about yourself depends on how you look that day in the mirror or whether other people are nice to you or all kinds of external stuff yes sometimes I can't embarrassed because I'm like why don't I know this I don't know so I I respect you more because a lot of people the reason you don't know this is because you weren't taught like fundamentally that's why human beings don't know things because we're not taught and I respect you because you're making a concerted effort at the young age of 19 and I'm gonna go ahead and call that young I know a lot of people think it's old no it's very young at the age of 19 You Are trying to take control of your life right so this is stuff that like imagine if your mom was 19 and she did what you're doing today what would her life be like I think she would have her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together right yeah so like props to you for like there's this cycle right there's this cycle of abuse that gets passed down from generation to generation your parents grew up without parents so how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are they supposed to know how to parent and they don't know how to manage their emotions everyone's angry everyone's blaming everybody they probably feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too I'm pretty sure you know your mom and your dad on some level feel like they're not good yeah my my mom has cried to me I've never seen her cry she she's cried to me and it hurts me because I don't want her to think that I hate her I don't hate her I don't know what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] against her you tried your best that's all you could do yeah yeah and and so what I think is cool is that you're like taking the time the effort the energy to put yourself in a situation where you're like you're like level one right you're like entering this game of like understanding your patterns understanding your emotions understanding your self-esteem like no one taught you this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and mad respect for you to you for that because it's really easy to go show up places where we're like at the top of the list like oh look at me I'm so great I'm so sexy and then it's hard to go to places where we're like at the bottom of the totem pole and we don't know what we're doing mm-hmm I think it's really awesome that you're able to do this for me to to get to the place I am now and who deserves credit for that me do you give yourself credit for that sometimes sometimes I'm like damn like you know 13 year old me would not be thinking I could be doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing now sometimes I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know like 13 year old me would not think I would be here now like where I am now at all and it makes me sad because sometimes I have a regret of like I wish I kind of made a map to to know what I want to do because sometimes I like when I got accepted into school I cried because I didn't think I was smart enough to get into school but then um my mom she got remarried and my stepfather had died like a year like a year and a half ago because of ALS o it was it was pretty hard and then she asked me to like stay for like not go to school for a year because she didn't want me to be old because she didn't want to be alone so that's why I've been doing for the since I was 17 like after I graduated high school I was I made like a plan too and it kind of just went to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like to the gutter because I was like damn now I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing like I made a road map the road map went off the rails it went to like somewhere now I'm here like I don't know what I'm doing and I don't like that it's scary yeah it's really scary because I feel watching my friends and my peers like college woohoo yay College um I'm doing this I'm doing that I'm doing only fans I'm trying to trying to process 18 19 years of trauma I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing do you want to talk about only fans huh mine how did you make the decision to start doing only fans so when I just turned 18 I was like because I used to work at a restaurant it's pretty hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] understaffed busting my ass off I was working doubles as a student they they really abused me at that workplace so I was like um I'm not sure if I Really Wanna you know go back and then I had like a small following maybe about 30 40 000 followers on Twitter when I was 17 and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it how do you get 30 000 followers on Twitter at the age of 17 I don't know don't ask me I can't tell you because if I didn't have that following I wouldn't even be doing my job right now I'd probably be like touching grass or something so I got and then my stepfather had died I felt bad so I was like let me help my mom pay the bills so I was like you know what let's just do only fans [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we ball now I'm here and and what's it like to be a normally fans creator I like it sometimes I hate it though let me think about what I'm going to say because I don't want to come off as rude I have some people who say very disturbing things about me and saying they want to do they wanted to do things to me when I was 17. and that makes me very uncomfortable like they they say some really horrendous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me I can imagine a child yeah so you're talking about people who are you're who are subs and only fans now are talking about stuff in the past not like Twitter um both both I got both some of them are like sexualized in many ways yeah yeah I was sexualized so much as a child I was essayed when I was a child too so it's pretty I would say I'm pretty desensitized to it now but sometimes I'm like like it's just icky yeah it doesn't make me feel good because a lot of them are like wow man I wish you were younger what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they seem very really weird gross things about me because um I look younger than I look I think a lot of people think I'm like 16 I'm a very small person too so so there's some people who say very horrible things about me and how they wanna do some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me and what's the stuff that you like me like you said that there's some stuff about being an only Fan's creator oh um a lot of people share on people who sub two of girls or just of in general some of these people are just normal they just want companionship I think everyone wants companionship like in life and that's okay like that's how you get companionship that's how you get companionship I'm not judging you I I try to make a safe space for for my Subs if I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a relationship with someone I was talking to someone I would want them to treat me with the same amount of respect and same compassion and whatever that's how they would like it's normal to want companionship I don't think it's weird either yeah I don't think it's weird but some people are just like whoa and so how do you create a safe space for your subs um some of them are like oh I like this I like that and they're like do you think this is weird because a lot of them are kind of some of them are very insecure the things they're into like sexually so I don't want to make them feel bad because it's like okay I might some people might think it's weird I don't really care like at least you're not hurting people you know there's worse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you could be doing you could be hurting people if that's what you're into you're not like hurting anyone that's what you're into here that's what you're into I'm not gonna judge you because I wouldn't want someone to judge me for liking whatever like yeah it sounds like you're quite accepting of that sometimes people will bring their insecurities to you and and you're kind of like yeah you treat them in a non-judgmental and compassionate manner yeah because I would want someone to do that with me cool and so is is it do you so it sounds like only fans for you has been like an overall like positive choice like in the middle okay because sometimes I'm like my mom actually found out I did Olaf recently I told her interesting I told her I was like hey Mom I'm uh I'm boosting on League of Legends yeah you're you like queue up with people and I was a booster are you actually like are you good at League of Legends I was Diamond one Masters damn damn yeah I got skills yeah okay I um I was like hey Mom I boost I play children's videos she's like okay that's cool and then someone told her she found out I'm I'm shocked it took it took her that long to to catch me I'm not even gonna lie and then she's like hey like I'm kind of worried like she thought I was getting pimped because she's speaking to me in Viet essentially she thought I was getting pimped I was doing like stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was like oh no I'm not I just sleep at home I play league I do my job that's it that's literally all I do and then she was like very worried I guess because she was like oh I'm scared that like people are gonna hurt you and this and that very normal stuff and then yeah I don't know sometimes I think she's not happy with it but I don't really care which is surprising because my mother is a very hard person to please yeah I think that's I'm I feel good hearing that exchange for some reason and I think there's some amount of like because she's not saying you know she's not going back to her old Scripts yeah she's changed a lot and and also like I hear her expressing worry for you as opposed to like treating you like you know it sounds like she's work like the main negative emotion that she's feeling is worrying which is a part of caring um and it sounds like she's concerned for your safety yeah sometimes she's not very good at it yeah I can imagine that's you I I feel like um I get nervous when I meet new people because there's a lot to unpack like sometimes I'm like what do you mean like trauma my job my family like my recent relationship I felt like he thought my mom was a horrible person and that kind of made me upset because my mom's trying you know like my mom is a very extreme person I would say like she I don't know how to explain it she like like let me give you an example so like let's say like we got into argument right she used to like go a whole year without speaking to me like ignore me like ghost me like she would pretend like I didn't exist for like literally a year it used to be longer now it's like two weeks three weeks a month wow one week if I'm if I'm lucky and he was like that's not very normal and I was like yeah but my family isn't very normal I'm not normal but I was like you know like I hope you don't judge I that's the biggest thing about myself is I get worried that people are gonna judge me because I didn't come from a very normal or stable background because I'm like damn because he was like oh like it's very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up that she does that to you like it makes you feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like she abuses you I was like you know it's okay can't change her she's who she is how did it make you feel to say that to say what to say that to have this you know your your partner say this kind of stuff about your mom and for you to kind of like defend her I think it was just I thought of them as ignorant um my parents have a lot of emotional baggage no one know they're they're like the typical Asian you know immigrated parents who are like oh mental health is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fake delusions you're just making this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up in your head but it's like my mom used to be like that but now she's she's a lot more understanding I think she's going to therapy soon thank God I'm happy for her but she like it just hurt me because it's like I get it your parents didn't do that way but I think you should be compassionate to people who have been through stuff too man you're really resilient man how just like I you know I think so many people in your situation would have ended up like bitter and angry and basically repeating the cycle right like we haven't asked you we haven't heard any reasons to think that you're toxic but I wouldn't be surprised if you exhibited toxic behaviors from time to time um but I mean I think it's just hard to be so forgiving and compassionate when you've gotten [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over so much to be blunt like yeah you know so so maybe I'm wrong about this whole you don't have to forgive people I mean maybe it's maybe you're you know it's good that you're forgiving and letting go of anger and all this kind of stuff no sometimes I get scared that I forgivable when we broke up it was very interesting it was very weird wasn't the best I felt very betrayed for like the first time in a very long time I felt like I was talking to someone who reminded me of my father and that takes a lot for me to say because you gotta do a lot to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up like and I've been hurt a lot I've been hurt a lot a lot of times in my life so it took a lot for me to say like you know what she did like really reminded me of my father I felt betrayed oh my God that sounds rough dude yeah I don't know I kind of felt bad I was like damn like am I a bad person to come pair you to my father but then I was like I'm not sure I think you're a good person or bad person if you make a comparison that's just you know your mind makes comparisons like that's what it does yeah um I think one thing I'd be super careful about is like so sometimes you know when we get traumatized we start to develop this ideal of what we want in relationships and jobs whatever and then the scariest thing the actual not scariest the most dangerous thing is to find that ideal so we like think like okay like like I'm looking for perfect and like here's perfect and then we get so excited and then we start to think oh my God like ever the past is behind me now things are going to be different this person is different this job is different this situation is different and interestingly enough like I think that's when we get taken advantage of the most because there's a certain like vulnerability of like wanting that Perfection we're so hungry for it that I don't know if you've heard this phrase of you know when you wear Rose tinted glasses red flags just look White right and when we get so into someone or we start to think like oh my God this is the Perfection I've been looking for then we start to ignore a lot of things can I ask you something yeah of course is it bad that if I don't have expectations for other people shabbati it is saintly not great for relationships so to have no expectations go ahead platonic and romantic I feel like I don't have any expectations for people because every single time I've had an expectation it's been I've been disappointed or I've been hurt and what do you do when people disappoint your expectations just don't care I detached myself from the situation because I'm like yeah so so I I think that this is where like to be you know let's just think about this from a very simple level so when someone disappoints my expectations and I'm in the relationship with them I have two choices I can hold them accountable to my expectations or I cannot hold them accountable to my expectations right now the interesting thing is when you hold people accountable some people will agree to that like hey you taking my car without my permission is not acceptable that's wrong I need you to apologize and promise to me that you'll never do it again and also if you do it ever again I'm going to call the police and we'll be done because a relationship is about reciprocity right it's about given to a relationship is about give and take without that it can become all kinds of other things it can become a dependency it can become abusive and this is what I say like having no expectations for people like there are Saints and yogis and monks who live their whole life letting go of the expectations of everybody around them but that's cool if you're a monk because you don't need [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from anybody yeah so I think it's like a good thing to do for your mental health and I think that it will lead to increasingly bad relationships because when you never hold people accountable for their actions it's like I'm gonna do the dishes today you're going to do the dishes tomorrow and if I do the dishes today and then tomorrow rolls around and you don't do the dishes and I end up doing them anyway who's going to end up doing all the dishes I will yeah and so I think that when you don't hold expectations to people I think that there's a reason why you like find yourself in like bad situations because you probably teach people that they don't have to respect you yeah I mean like yeah I would say like I have a very big pushover I think it's because like my parents underneath me a lot as a child so when I say things like that does that make you feel bad makes me feel stupid so this is the challenge that I have is that I I don't think so what I'd love to help you do is separate out the value judgment from the behavior so like I think the reason that I don't think you're stupid at all I think you're brilliant thank you do you believe me when I say no because I think I I just think this regularly regularly so let's think about that for a second once when I send you an authentic signal and if you can't receive that what does that mean for your self-esteem I got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up self-esteem yeah right because you can't ever get the positive now if I tell you I was about so if if I were to hypothetically tell you I do think you're stupid that would sink right in you'd be able to accept that for me see like that's what's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up about the situation is that you're only willing to take the bad but you're pushing away the good and that may make you feel even stupider because you're like why am I so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up that I can only no but that's the thing is like I really think I I genuinely think you're a good person I think you're brilliant I think for you to be able to come this far without with the situation like I don't know if you get this it's like you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] discovering quantum mechanics and you've never been to a science class right you've come so far without the basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's like you're playing Survivor and you built a spaceship and you may say like my spaceship can't reach the moon well like yeah it can't reach the moon but you also built it out of like coconuts and sand and crab shells right so like and that that's where I think you've really come a long way with huge disadvantages and at the same time you do have some stuff that I think that like can be worked on and that's the hard thing I'm struggling this whole time to tell you hey I think there's a different way to do things without making you feel bad about it because I don't blame you don't feel bad I know oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now I stepped on you know I stepped on another land mine no it's okay I don't care no no but do you see which landmine I stepped on it's okay I stepped on the landmine of oh no now I'm feeling bad and if I'm feeling bad if I'm feeling bad then what is that trigger in you well I like it when people are honest with me I don't really like being sugar-coated to things that's just that's just me yeah I like authentic yeah but I I know that you like that but when I say that something is difficult for me you step in and you start comforting me and like you know like maybe even thinking about how can I do things better how can I make things easier for you it's not your job to make things easier for me we're having an authentic conversation you're not responsible for my feelings it's okay for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to be hard for me is that okay with you I agree I like a placeholder because I used to be every single time I've spoken up I gotta put down and yeah so I I think that's why like you know this is what's weird like I don't I wouldn't call you a pushover I think that's a little bit black and white but I agree that you probably let people cross your boundaries and don't advocate for yourself and the reason for that is because you were taught from a young age that you didn't have intrinsic Worth right like and that's not your fault like it's it's really not and you know not being a pushover starts with a couple of things number one recognizing that you're a pushover number two this is really important when we send you good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you gotta stop swatting it away yeah because that's where the esteem comes from so you can't learn self-esteem on your own that's what's so weird about it self-esteem actually comes from other people when not enough people send you a steam it kind of builds up and what we see and use the opposite right even now your mom is not treating you the toxic way that she used to but that that idea of who you are and your lack of worth stays with you and then it gets a life of its own and it's perpetuated by this so the most important thing you need to is stop swatting away compliments now why is that hard because it makes you feel uncomfortable yeah and then also like I'm not sure this is weird but like so I think I'm ugly okay I'm not even gonna lie right I'm very low self-esteem about myself but then when I talk to my friend say like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you get paid to like do this as a job so obviously if you can make a living out of this people don't think you're ugly but like I've I get a lot of mean comments that's just that's just everyone okay like that's just how it is being in the industry but like I don't care what I heart e-girls420 on twitter.com calling me fat ugly and stuff like care like it matters to me it doesn't matter to me it's like feels nothing to me I care more about like if someone call me pretty right like on on Twitter or whatever I don't really care but if it came from like someone I knew I care a lot is that weird is that normal I don't know that's so what I noticed is that you're you're looking for me to tell you that things are normal or not normal yes because I I feel like I don't know if it's appropriate for me to feel that way yeah and I think that's that's brilliant I think that's what makes me respect you a lot is that like you're someone who's recognized that the rules of life that you were taught don't seem to map on to everybody else's rules and so you don't know what part of your upbringing is normal or not normal I think that's complete like that's what I that's why I'm hopeful for you men because you keep on figuring that if you keep on doing what you're doing just like you were saying 13 year old you you would have never imagined that you're in this situation that you are now 26 year old you is going to look back at 19 year old you and is going to be like wow I had no idea that my life could come this far yeah you just keep doing what you're doing and your life will be as crazy and different from what you imagine you could ever accomplish my hope is that by the time you're 26 you will feel loved and you will love yourself like I think it's absolutely possible yeah generally speaking takes two to four years yeah sometimes I like I would say I seek a lot of validation from people because sometimes I feel like how I act isn't appropriate or I'm like oh like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like what if I say something weird or what if I say I'm very self-conscious about myself why do you seek validation because I don't want people to believe me again so that's a part of it but here's what I fundamentally understood why do we feel thirsty yeah like you know why do we feel hungry because we don't have enough calories why do we feel thirsty because we need more volume in our blood why do we seek validation if you think about what a normal human being how much validation they're supposed to receive in the first 19 years of their life what percentage of that have you gotten so you have a validation debt that you've accumulated over 19 years and that's that's why now you've got to be careful because some people will you know they'll they'll give you 10 bucks and it's kind of like they're swindling you at like at pool where they're like oh I'm gonna lose a couple games I'm gonna give you a bunch of validation I'm giving you a hundred dollar bill 100 points of validation and then later I'm gonna call you a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head and I'm gonna take and I'm gonna make you feel worse about yourself and then I'm gonna take two hundred dollars yeah it's that's like a lot of a lot of you have done that to me and also it's so hard not to compare yourself yeah I like for me I'm so glad that I don't care about numbers on my social media but sometimes I'm like damn like where I even get these followers at you know like sometimes it's just like I get it as pixels that's like the whole thing and I'm glad I'm not like it's like pixels like the numbers like likes and stuff it's just numbers it's not like it tells you who you are as a person because a lot of people feel that way yeah it's just pixels right sometimes I sit here and I'm like damn damn girl I don't know like talking to you makes me feel like wow like why do I underread myself a lot because like I have 300 000 followers on my Twitter and I'm like wow like I wish I was bigger but then if someone told me that 300 000 people like following that I'd be like congratulations yay woohoo you're so cool but then I don't know it's just interesting how much I undermine myself so good so I think that's that's and I know it's weird right because there can be self-judgment with that observation yeah right so you can feel stupid for undermining yourself and like why am I this way and like so it's okay so I think the first step is just recognizing all of your patterns you can't fix anything as long as you're blind right yeah so you have to like start by recognizing your patterns and I think the other thing is that I would guess I mean I don't know about you but a lot of people who are in your situation are actually made deeply uncomfortable by people who authentically accept them so like if if there's like authenticity coming from another person it's gonna be like really uncomfortable and confusing for you and you may actually Retreat from it yeah I do that a lot so that's kind of like that yeah oh yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah so that you need to do your best to stop and the key thing there this is where there's like a couple of like basic skills training things so when you feel uncomfortable a lot of there are two kinds of ways you can deal with emotions and this is something a lot of people don't understand if I feel uncomfortable there are two solutions I've got one is I can manage the emotion and not change my circumstance right so like I recently went to a party and it was not my jam I don't really belong there so I felt kind of weird and so like I can fix that in two ways I can either learn to manage my emotions internally and not change anything out here or I can change my circumstances to make the emotion go away yeah okay so I can leave the party and then I'll feel fine the problem is that a lot of us don't the most effective way we learn to manage our emotions is very true of men by the way but I'm sure equally true women just more research I've read about men is that man in general will change their external circumstances to control their feelings so for example like if I feel ashamed of myself because I got beat up by someone I'm not going to process the shame I'm gonna go to martial arts class I'm Gonna Get Swole and the next time they attack me I'm gonna put them in their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] place and that is how I feel good about myself by changing all the world around me but then the tricky thing there is that if you take that strategy that fundamentally means what you feel is controlled by what's out there so the main thing is that when you feel uncomfortable because you meet someone who doesn't fit your perfect ideal because they're not like oh my God you're so beautiful men oh my God I love you let me save you and heal you yeah and you're so hot like I want it all right people are going to be saying that kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then the the part of you that hungry child who has the validation debt is going to be eating it up and then there's going to be someone who's like doesn't compliment you but actually likes hanging out with you and asks you to actually queue up in League of Legends from time to time right and then that kind of authenticity can kind of be scary because just like at the beginning of our conversation you're sending mixed signals I don't know what you mean I don't mean one or the other it's not 50 fake yeah but to be able to sit with that is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uncomfortable and so you just got to learn how to not do anything it's just scary because it doesn't mean I have to commit but then if I don't commit I feel like I'm not gonna care yes so now I'm scared if I commit I'm gonna get hurt but like nothing good in life like when there's good stuff in life there's always going to be risks you know like if you're in a relationship if you love this person so much there's a chance that you guys aren't going to end up together like you're gonna get hurt so that's scary I don't like that yes you don't and so you do everything that you can to avoid that fear including commit to people who don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deserve it because if you could commit then you don't have to be scared anymore oh my God we're in love and we like even if things get hard we're like we'll fight through it sorry am I mocking you I don't mean to be mocking you no no no no no right but that's what happens it's like we we force ourselves into commitment to avoid the uncertainty mm-hmm but like what I'm telling you is you gotta just sit with that uncertainty like literally just like you don't know what's going on and it's okay not to know now this is the really hard thing about trauma is that unknowns have become dangerous for you yeah I get stressed I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so this is not your fault right so if you're asking why am I like this so you just think about this like let's say I've got a four-year-old kid whose parents love them and then the parents also like are watchful and careful right so they let the kid go to the playground if the kid is about to fall off the monkey bars parents catch them you think about how stupidly confident that kid is even gravity I don't have to worry about gravity I can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fall parents will catch me so that that kid doesn't have to worry about uncertainty because the world is a fundamentally safe place so like I don't know what's behind that corner but Mom and Dad are always looking out for me so even if it's a snake there's no bad consequence because Mom and Dad are gonna pick me up so when you grow up in a secure environment uncertainty isn't scary but in Europe I think yeah oh sorry go ahead I feel like everything when it comes to relationship is always uncertain yeah I feel like they're just deceiving me yeah so I just avoid them yeah right when we say they're deceiving you not the ones who are actually deceptive probably right the ones that are like not feeding you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that in your heart of hearts you want and then you pull away from that and that like I don't know how to say this man that's gotta change I know and it's gonna be hard yeah have you seen a therapist by the way I go to therapy yeah have you worked on like um like emotional regulation skills or mindfulness or things like that yeah my I Journal okay what about like have you ever uh does your therapist know anything about DBT dialectical behavioral therapy I don't think so I would ask your therapist about that and whether they think that would be helpful to you okay yeah I I like get nervous when like one of the weirdest things when I was growing up was that like um I used to have like a friend and her parents used to drive me to school my mom was so in that tear like it's ridiculous because my mom doesn't like it when people help us because she's a very independent person she hates getting help and I think I get that from her oh yeah you do and so she's like oh my goodness this girl would live across the street from me her mom would like drive me to school pick me up for school and stuff and then my mom would try to give her like 200 a week like so much like she would try to repay the her because she would always tell me not everything in life is um like free even though like some people just do things out of the kindness of their heart they were such good parents and it just made me so uncomfortable when they would show love to their child because I'm like you know like I feel awkward like I feel like I shouldn't be here at all I was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was like wow your parents tell you they love you like I was like oh my God like that's crazy it's so uncomfortable I don't know and then it's not like I was jealous of them but it was just more I guess sad because I'm like I wish I had that and and then sometimes I get scared because I'm like what if I start becoming like my parents or like my family that's like a big fear of mine yeah I I think you're like I said I think I think you will they're going to be parts of your parents that live on in you for the rest of your life and I I don't think that that means that I don't know if you ever want to have kids one day but I don't think that I think they're gonna be okay I think you're going to be a way better mother than your mom was no no offense to your mom but you know and it's very possible that she was a you know better mother than you know and I I think you're just you're you're working on it like imagine what your what your life would be like if your mom was in therapy at the age of 19. sometimes I get sad or I try not to get sad about things in the past it's pointless no it's not but let's keep going um my mom used to tell me like she thinks of my dad wasn't again like addicted to gambling and he wasn't like addict uh so in Vietnam there's no such thing as alcoholism it's very bad like drinking and Vietnam is very bad so if I I would say my dad was a alcoholic but he's like ah nah I'm just drinking it's just how the culture is in Vietnam my mom thinks like if he wasn't an alcoholic in a addicted Gambler like we would be a happy family and it sometimes makes me sad because I'm like man I wish I wish you know like it's not even like if you guys had gotten divorced I wouldn't really have cared if you had at least put in a little effort and being present in my life I would have liked that but he didn't really put any effort into it and it kind of made me upset because he would try to like act like my parent even though he abandoned me as a parent yeah it's very weird plays the script of being a dad when he's around when he shows up I I don't really I don't know I haven't talked to him in like two three three years yeah I haven't talked to him in three years it kind of makes me sad because I feel like I a bad person you feel like a bad person yeah because I cut him off because I do my best not to be judgmental but I'm gonna say good for yeah sometimes they it's hard for me to walk away from things especially when I I have a oh yes I wouldn't say I was close with my dad it was just hard yeah one of the hardest things with trauma is that it's hard to abandon the people who abandon us because we know what it's like to be abandoned and it hurts so much and you want everything you will do anything in your life to not be your dad and what did your dad do he abandoned you and that's why it can be so hard to say you know what I'm done with this because then in that moment you become in some weird way everything that you didn't ever want to be you become the very thing that hurt you in the first place so shouldn't you be better I know it's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up but nah yeah you set the limits that you need to to take care of yourself and like setting there's a big difference between what you do and what he did he abandoned a child you're severing a relationship with an adult because of their behavior right that's like it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] night and day it's not even the same ballpark it's it's hard because like when um the reason why he cut me off was I it was during covid and so he like I had asked for a new phone but I didn't have a job because it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coveted no one everyone was like jobless and so I was like oh can I get a new phone because I don't ever ask uh growing up I didn't get a lot of things I didn't ask for a lot of things because I we just didn't have in the money but I asked for a phone because I haven't had a new phone and so like I was like I'll pay you back and when it comes to money I don't play with money because I didn't grow up financially stable so if I tell you I'm going to pay you back I will pay you back yes I don't I don't play with it you ain't gonna be indebted to anybody and so he was like okay so he got me a new phone and I told him I said like hey can we wait like let me make sure I get a job first and so like six months pass I gotta I didn't get a job yet because it's still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coveted and he calls me up and he's like you're such a worthless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's like you're such a disgrace to me this and that and he's like they're berating me he was like I can't believe I call you my own daughter and he's like yelling at me and I'm like trying to have a conversation and I'm like I'm I will pay you back but if you're gonna talk to me like this I don't even want to pay you back you're disrespecting me the least you can do because he didn't pay for child support when I was growing up the least you can do is pay for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phone I'm sorry like you didn't even have the decency to to be my parent at least pay for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 600 phone it's nothing to you because you're gonna gamble It Anyways at least make use of your six hundred dollars on me you know I cut him off and I said to him I was don't ever talk to me again this is very hard for me um they'll talk to me again I don't need you to disrespect me after you abandoned me multiple times I don't need people like you in my life I don't care if you're my father you are never a father to me like it's that was very hard for me to say and walk away because it hurt me because I know it hurt him like I'm sure as a parent that probably [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hurts I think the hardest part was that um he told me I should go off myself and that was very hard for me hearing that from my parent because I'm not sure it's just hard hearing my my dad telling me I should off myself yeah I'm so proud of you men like for doing that not often I mean you know yeah yeah just like you know you're right that it does hurt to hear that but I mean that's not that's the truth of it right it's not there's no point like and this is what I like you it's not your responsibility to protect your dad from the consequences of his actions and that's what happens when we don't hold people accountable like they keep doing it yeah right and sometimes this is hard for me to step because when I get angry I'm like my parents so I don't stop yeah but sometimes I have to take a step back and I'm like these people they're traumatized just think little of them not like they're stupid but like just think of them as as people who have been hurt hurt people hurt people you have to move on you have to better yourself in order for you to have a happier life than them that's how I always like that's very resilient yeah yeah and it's hard I don't I don't know sometimes I get sad and I'm like maybe I should text my dad you know try to fix up the relationship but I've tried so many times with like social workers like growing up I had a lot of social workers and it was just so difficult like people like people like him it's so hard for them to change and it makes me sad I know you don't want to be or I would like to think you don't want to be this type of person where they don't have a relationship with their daughter but then I don't know sometimes I feel like he doesn't care and then I go through the spiral of like so here here's what I would say I've never met your dad right so I'm gonna just offer a generalization here I think the really sad thing about this is you're right I think he wants to be a good dad I think the problem is that he's not willing to make the sacrifices it takes to be a good dad does he care about being a good dad undoubtedly the only problem is he cares about other stuff more and I I mean I I work with people who are addicts like that's my day job and what I find is there's like basically one thing that determines whether an addict is going to get better or not get better and that's whether there is other stuff in life that is more important to them than whatever their addiction gives them beginning and end of the story there's a ton of research that shows that the development of something called a competing interest is vital to overcoming an addiction you have to have a reason to quit you have to care about something more than whatever the gambling or whatever causes that's why I don't um hold things against him because being addicted to something is like a it's hard I know because my my dad was one so it I mean I would encourage you men to treat him fairly on both sides right so if you're gonna forgive him that's totally cool like good on you you're a better human being than I am and sorry for making a comparison I didn't mean to trade or something but I was just talking out of my ass but also that that I would encourage you to like deal with that same degree of Detachment about repairing your relationship right so it's like okay like he is who he is and you can accept them for that but that also means like you don't have to do 200 to make a relationship work because he is who he is in order to make a relationship work it takes two like you can't you may be able to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] carry people in League of Legends but you can't carry people and you literally you cannot carry someone in a relationship yeah and this it makes me sad yeah I wish like sometimes it's frustrating because I wish someone would do that for me but sometimes I don't feel that way yeah and and I think someone will do that for you and it starts with like a couple of basic things like the tolerance of uncertainty the tolerance the acceptance of other people's positivity because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm pretty sure like twitch chat is trying to do it for you right now right I mean I don't look at chat but I imagine that like I feel really positively towards you I understand why you evoke savior complexes and other people because you are this like very very like you know delicate damage kind of you got this sort of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on but you're also incredibly strong you have people rooting for you because I think we see the goodness in you the the only thing is it's going to make you really uncomfortable to be able to accept that yeah and even feeling indebted like bro you got to learn how to let people do things for you it doesn't mean that there's a debt there's no debt if it's a gift the problem is that you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] turn all the gifts into debts it's hard yes the biggest thing I learned in the past maybe year and a half realizing how much my parents gaslighted me as a child so like one one weird thing they would do is like I don't even know why I remember this because I don't remember much in my childhood it's like a mental block but I remember I used to cry a lot because my parents used to be like oh man Tom Who Do You Love More me or your mom like my dad used to ask and I'll be like oh I love Mom more oh I love that like you know like kids pick like each other you know and then he would be like that's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up of you like how could you pick that and then they like kind of put they kind of like engraved it in my brain of like they're not gonna be with me forever like when I was growing up I thought they were gonna die and and that scared me because now like I feel like they're not gonna I think they they engraved it and my brain was because they didn't want me to go through the hardships they went through of having no parents when they were growing up so they were just like preparing me but I don't think that's how you prepare people I don't think that's what you say to to kids but they used to like tell me like oh like we're gonna die soon like and I used to think they were gonna die the next day and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why are you still I thought I wanted them to dive I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you still here and so now I feel like when I commit into people and then they're gonna abandon me so now I have commitment issues yeah totally cool dude I mean you're you're 19 you've got time to work on it and the one thing I've heard you say over and over and over again is it's hard and you're right it is and it's okay to not do well right so this is the other crazy thing is like it's hard which means are you gonna succeed men I hope so I hope so too but what do you think I can do it so here's the crazy thing I think that there's going to be a lot of failure along the way yeah we'll get there eventually and I think it's completely okay and does not change your value as a person You Don't Have To Succeed to be a good person you don't even have to try to be a good person trying to step in the right direction and I think it's going to be hard but like you're you're awesome dude thank you I appreciate it I tried to be kind to myself sometimes it just feels like I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] climbing a tree or something like I don't know I'm trying to go to the Moon yeah so let us help you yeah right you have to you have to do all the kindness yourself I I get scared I'm not sure that's the one thing I don't like about myself is that I get scared too much of getting hurt by people who I love the most because I love hard like I if I love you I love you like I care about you I'm a very giving person that's like the biggest thing my therapist told me and tell me you're such a giving person you gotta stop like that's the biggest thing she told me she's like hit you gotta stop but it's so hard because I wish I had someone to do that for me when I was absolutely yeah and and you just have to stop for now by the way so I encourage you to be as selfless as you are and as giving as you are the only problem is you can't do it with the wrong person because they'll take advantage of it yeah so give a hundred and ten percent to someone who's willing to give 110 back right that's what that's what a really healthy relationship is it's not withholding it's being kind of stupid and Reckless and vulnerable with the love that you have to give I think it's great only problem is you get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like 90 of the time because the other person isn't isn't willing to do the same thing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser's cute and and so I mean that's that's life though it's like it's kind of like YOLO and so you know I think where you are and where a lot of people are at the age of 19 is like slow it down a little bit you know I know I I just don't stress I think so ahead and I'm like dude just just chill yeah my my friends tells me I have a I think of I like I think like I'm a mid like I'm in my mid-20s having a midlife crisis sometimes it feels like that yeah I mean I think what's going on in the world is everyone's we've we've shifted to early life crisis so I don't think people have like people have their midlife crisis like earlier in life yeah I feel like I've been having that so what what happens with a midlife crisis is you do everything that you you're supposed to and then you kind of wake up one day and you're like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is not working out the way that I planned and the only thing that's changing is like a lot of younger people 18 19 20 like you kind of do what you're supposed and then you wake up and you're like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is not working and so then you really have to figure out so I think the early life crisis is when you follow a script when you follow the map and you end up like not where the map tells you you should end up and then you panic because you're like wait a second I was I was told that this map the GPS leads you right into the ocean it's like wait this is not what was supposed to happen yeah and before [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] worked out until you were like middle-aged so you wake up you're like 45 you're balding you're like you've got a mortgage yeah you have friends who were divorced who are going to like party and then you buy yourself a really fancy car to try to feel young again and now it's happening is like that that that kind of like the world becomes a shitty place for like 20 year olds sometimes I hard as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know I wish sometimes true that like I know my friends who are like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know what I'm doing girl I don't know what I'm doing either and it feels it feels nice knowing that I'm not by myself like oh like I'm a clueless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 19 no one knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're doing but yeah I didn't figure out what I was doing until I was like 28. really yeah did that make you feel like you were behind in life sometimes I feel like I'm behind in life I am behind in life it just doesn't matter yeah it was just who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares it's like well like let's just think about this okay if I'm behind like life is a race what's the finish line I don't know death like why are we racing towards people are like so here's the thing everyone's like oh my God you're behind in life I am behind alive I spent most of my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 20s [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around for the most part having a good time and neglecting my responsibilities I have friends who like I remember I I was like 26. and people that I went to high school with like I I met up with them and I was like oh what are y'all up to and they're like yeah I'm a doctor now and they're like what are you doing and I was like I'm applying to medical school it's like they're already done I'm still applying I haven't even gotten in yeah and then I sort of think about it right I thought about it a little bit later I'm like hold on a second would I rather start work in my 20s and like grind and retire early oh my god let's retire early at the age of 55 and then live my life or would I either [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around for 10 years in my 20s and really like enjoy stuff when I'm young and then I can start work later I'll retire at 65 with the other humans what's more valuable and I think being young is like that's when you should be having fun not necessarily grinding everyone's like I want to start grinding and retire early it's like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude you're gonna have like I I did that get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hip replacement and stay at home for three months yeah I did that like when I first started off I was eat sleep wake up oh f o f o f over and then I will wake up like 6 p.m and then rinse and repeat every single day and I did that for until like recently because I I kind of hit like a burnout trying to get back into it but yeah yeah I'm behind yeah it doesn't matter the question is are you moving in the right direction the question is are you happy with your day-to-day right so I think it's okay to be behind I think this is the thing is for a lot of us like a lot of people like get caught up about like being behind or something else yeah you're behind so what you're taking a gap year what do you re like work on yourself and be happy it sounds like you're making some money which is good yeah you know it makes you feel good my friends stay like I wish I could do your job but then I'm like it's kind of love hate relationship seems like it yeah so we've been at this for a couple hours yeah how are you feeling better I actually learned a lot what did you learn it's good to like be nicer to yourself like to be kinder to yourself and accept compliments into walk away from things when they're not like I guess when they're hard it's okay to walk away from things when they're really hard it's not boundaries yeah I I think walking away from stuff is an under practiced and underappreciated skill and I was like oh my God I abandon it like that abandoning stuff is sometimes the best decision you can make like abandoning bad relationships like why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I waste seven years of my life in this shitty relationship I should have just pieced out one year in quitting is one of the most underrated skills yeah and and I think do you have any other questions but I think that's a beautiful summary and I'm like no thank you so much I feel very like my I feel like my day is going good now like you made my day I mean a very deep conversation did I make your day who's responsible for the way that you feel right now I get 50 at least okay can I have 50 and you take another 50. yeah can it be like a good good it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah like no dude I I deserve some credit yeah yeah yeah no but really that that's what it is right it's not all me and it's not all you it's like this is what a relationship is it's like two people are a conversation at least there's two people participating together um and so like I'm happy to take 50 of the credit but you better give yourself a pat on the back too that's the only one you know so I'm not quite sure about this but generally speaking when people come on and they're content creators we will give them a chance to share where they are on the internet so people can come and find you I'm not sure if that is a good idea or a bad idea here so I will leave it up to you okay um so you can share it if you want to I don't want to deprive you of that opportunity but also at the same time I'm not going to default to it because I think the kind of content creation you make it could interfere with this conversation I'll just drop I just dropped my Twitter you can do what you want with the Twitter so my at plushie GF and then my Instagram is plushie GFS nice so you have plenty of plushies yes so funny thank you so much for taking the time to talk with us today man thank you so much Dr K good luck with everything thank you and we're rooting for you thank you so much and don't take [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from people okay I won't doctor kids give [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back yes thank you so much all right take care all right take care thank you so much different all right let's plushie GF so I know that there's like lots of like jokes and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on right now you and like I think it's okay if we recognize where that's coming from right so there's something about this that's maybe we feel uncomfortable like seeing an only Fan's Creator as a human being and feeling some degree of like emotional connection because sometimes there's parasocial relationships and stuff like that it's okay right so if you like feel uncomfortable by this whole thing and you're like cracking a joke here or there like let's try to keep it respectful but let's see it for what it is right so I'm not gonna like say I mean okay good so I I think a lot of us are behaving I think very appropriately and this is what we do here is we talk to human beings and sometimes these human beings have different labels right we Define them by some aspect today we're talking to an only fans Creator tomorrow we are talking to a you know let's say a doctor or someone who struggles with this or something they're all people and I really I I think the thing that I enjoyed the most about this is I think she's like a really good example of like a lot of stuff I don't know if you all have seen the the trauma the trauma deep dive that we did but I I see a lot of those elements there I think it's like you know a lot of stuff that she struggles with I think a lot of people in our community struggle with um and stuff like you know not being able to be indebted to someone if you sort of think about it if you're unwilling to be indebted to another human being it's very hard to form a is there studies that show that asking for a favor and returning a favor increases the social bond between two people you may say but I'm not indebted if I return the favor no it's actually being in debt and then repaying that debt it's different from never being in debt in the first place and so we get so caught up with some of these things that we don't realize that like I don't want to be indebted to another human being keeps me separate from other human beings because Human Society is built on the transference of debt and that's why Society is falling apart right now because debt is not evenly distributed we're not doing stuff for each other right some people are doing all the taking and some people are doing all the giving that's why there's a problem but you know I do you a solid you do me a solid you know I save your ass one game you save my ass the next game that's how we become closer so one of the most underrated skills is learn how to be in debt get that debt pay it back critical skill number two got to be a better quitter everyone's like oh my God I don't want to be a quitter and all these people with the sigma grinds that are like quitters or losers let's play this tape through to the end are all the choices that you make in life going to be good no because you are not omniscient you cannot predict the future which means you will make bad choices if you make a bad choice and you are not a quitter what does that mean for your life that means that you will stick with that choice for the rest of your life and the bad choice will become a bad life if you are a quitter that means that a bad choice doesn't have to be a bad life you can piece out of stuff okay so being quitter is very very important the other good thing about being a good quitter is some of us are paralyzed with indecision oh my God how do I know if I am making the right choice is this the right person is this the right major is this the right job and you have to pick right unless you know how to quit then you can pick wrong and you can just quit so if you are paralyzed because you don't know what the right decision is and you can't afford to make the right decision everyone's like this is how you figure out what you want in life like you did about this introspection in general bruh don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Journal learn how to quit you don't need to journal just learn how to get good at piecing out of stuff now people may be confused because isn't quitting bad I quit too much that's why there's a there's a kind of quitting there's good quitting and there's bad quitting one really simple difference a bad quitter is a quitter who's quitting because they are controlled by their emotions if your emotions drive you to quit and you can't handle them that's bad quitting a good quitter quits from a place of Tranquility ah I'm in a toxic work environment I'm not like stressed out about it in this moment but I can objectively realize this is a toxic work environment it's not good for me I'm not happy here I'm a peace out tranquil chill I'm done bad quitter oh my God I can't take it anymore oh my God this is so anxiety provoking oh my God I can't show up I'm just gonna ghost everybody and everything being in control being in being controlled by your emotions that's the big difference so process your emotions take a deep breath become tranquil decide what's right or wrong for you life is too short for you to waste your time trying to turn chicken [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into chicken salad so learn how to quit underrated skill so I tried to become a monk and I quit that and I went to med school became a doctor I was going to be an oncologist I quit that and became a psychiatrist was climbing the academic ladder at Harvard Medical School and quit that to become a streamer my life is a series of successful quits everyone's like oh my God succeed bruh it's walking away from good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right learn how to walk away from good stuff because it's when we don't walk away from the good things and the right choices that we have these midlife crises they told me to major in computer science because I would have job security and I did it they told me to marry this person because they said that we were a good match and our values align and we're both Jewish so I did it they said now is the time to have kids because if I get too old then the risks of things like autism spectrum and down syndrome and all these other things were are a problem so I did it and then I wake up one day and I'm 40 years old married to a person that I don't love with kids that I do love in a job that I hate and the basic problem I was never willing to walk away and I made all the right choices you can make all the right choices in life and end up in the wrong place the big irony of life is that ending up in the right place involves sometimes making the wrong choices and like I'm grateful for that like my wife made a stupid Choice staying with me it was dumb I was a 25 year old no money no job no prospects nothing nothing any sane person would have said break up with this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right even I was like bro what are you doing with me like you deserve better and she was like yeah so if I deserve I'm still not going to break up with you and so I was like well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guess if you deserve better I have to be better and I went into chat mode and here we are today so learn how to quit seriously it's good see you know sometimes we get terrified and Paralyzed by the expectations that people put on our shoulders but I challenge y'all to don't be scared by the expectations just meet them if people think that you can be perfect you just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] meet them show them that their expectations are don't defy expectations don't abandon expectations just meet them just do what other people think you are gonna do because you can do it right do it for yourself do it because if someone else thinks this of me I'm gonna I'm gonna show them that they're not wrong I can be what other people want me to be and this may sound really weird because like oh my God Dr K like other people's expectations screaming should not be what I want to be I want to be what I want to be how's that working out for you right so sometimes the best thing to do is just meet expectations 10 out of 10 boys today we can do others we can do this accent we can talk texting if you want let me tell you what Once Upon a Time well then next to Texas what do you think about what else let me think about what let me think what else what's the other lesson what other lessons did we learn Chet I'm drawing a blank because now my I'm thinking about accents what did we learn today don't have to forget very good let me think about the oh yeah so I gotta tell you all something one of the things that we don't understand right A lot of people are like oh my God I am so I'm a sucker for validation and we say to ourselves I'm vulnerable to it other people tell me I'm pretty and I lap that up I eat it like a second helping a mama's peach cobbler with ice cream on top and then we tell ourselves I shouldn't be like that I shouldn't be so vulnerable I should be strong I should be stoic I should be Texan like a cowboy an island amongst itself but the truth is if you grew up in a space where you did not get the love that you deserve youngins when they're growing up need a lot of love they need more love than peach cobbler just like my grandma used to say and when you don't get that love you have this deep deep debt of validation and then you'll go on seeking it to get that filled get that hole in your soul filled from the validation of others and it's all right to have that and need that the problem is that some people start to recognize that they can validate you one day and treat you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the next you'll keep on coming back right the the hardest relationship to leave is the one that is perfect fifty percent of the time because every day oh my God they're so perfect they make me feel so good they love me so much and the next day they're awful and you know that it's in them you know they have the capacity to love you and give you everything that you want you've seen it before hell they gave it to you yesterday so you stay and the treaty lacks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then you say I'm going and then you flip a switch in them oh my God they're leaving I gotta turn into perfect and they become perfect again I love you I'm so sorry I'll never hurt you again don't leave me I want to change I want to be the person that you and so you stay and then you wonder why is this on again off again because you discover that the only way to make them perfect is for you to leave so you got to be stepping out stepping in stepping out stepping in stepping out stepping in it's a honky Tonkin here and then you have these on-again off-again relationships that just run your ragged because there's no consistency you don't know what to expect you don't know if it's going to work or not work but the way the thing that brings out their best behavior is you walking out the door ain't no way to have relationship how's that Bell the Lich is like what is going on all right so we'll do maybe we'll like I'll get myself a cowboy hat and we'll do like a cowboy advice stream K don't stand for Kentucky stand for Texas with a k Texas we ain't got no x's in Texas you know why Texas is such a hard part of the world to date in because there's so many X's we need to take the X's out of Texas all right so at some point we can all acknowledge that I'm just we're just having fun right this isn't life advice chat laughs does that even mean I don't even know wait what which part that's what makes this fun you all have to figure it out okay meditation for quitting what a good idea let me think about this so you know there's actually a very good meditative technique to quit it's hard to do it here let me just think about how to explain this for a second so there's a really good meditation technique that will help you become a better quitter and the first thing that we've got to understand is why do you want to be a because if we think about a lot of what holds us down in life it is the Investments that we've made right we have to throw good money after bad I've already spent four years in this relationship maybe I can turn it around and so we're afraid of letting go of our investments and all of our effort has to give us a yield right it's this loss aversion that I can't afford to take the loss there's a really beautiful technique that mugson I think probably maybe Tibet figured out many many many thousands of years ago about how to train yourself to let go of your Investments and what they came up with was something called a mandala so they do is they take a lot of different rice and they'd color it with different colors and then what they do is they'd make a pattern they'd spend days and weeks making a beautiful work of art that is a mandala and then once they create this beautiful work of art they put all of their energy into it for days and days and days at the end what do you do with the mandala destroy it you put all of this effort into it and the last step is destruction wiping it all away and if you think about like isn't that stupid it's brilliant and the reason is because what is meditation about it's about training your mind and so what are you training your mind to do destroy the fruits of your labor and once you are willing to destroy the fruits of your labor then you can walk away from things that trap you what traps us is when we've invested so much then we can't walk away so you literally need to train the skill of accepting losses and as much as I want to say go play online video games queue up for league and that will teach you how to accept losses I wish it were true if anything multiplayer gaming teaches us to resent losing get angry because someone took something away from us so seriously y'all should do Mondelez you should do something that is a useless effort that's the key Zen has this as well where if you look at like a lot of Zen Gardens and stuff they've got all these like cycles that don't do much right the water thing fills up and then it tips out fills up and tips out it's a waste of effort and there are so many other things that a mandala can help us do because once we're willing to waste our effort then we we're not miserly with it right because if you think about what do you what are you free with that which you have a lot of and so like you know a lot of people are wasteful of water for example because they've got plenty of water so I can afford to waste it some people are lucky enough to have a bunch of money so they can be wasteful with their money and what we are so miserly about is usually our time because time is limited and no one gets extra time but then the problem is if we're so miserly with time we can't afford to spend it I don't know if I can afford to date this person because I'm getting older do I want to give the best years of my life what if it doesn't work out I need to be sure before I get started I don't know if this job is for me I don't know if moving is for me because I only get to choose once and I can't afford to have any of my effort wasted and when you can't afford to waste your effort you look for perfection you look for guarantees you look for certainty then you'll expend the effort I don't want to invest in stonks let me know what's a sure bet then I'll put my money in but then we end up not investing in then and we end up not even giving relationships a shot because we don't know if it's perfect because we have this effort in this time that is so limited that we can't afford to waste and the the big scam there is that you're wasting time one way or the other time is ticking away whether you spend it on this relationship or not there's no better way to spend time it's just time it's going every second is going by you've lost 10 more seconds listen to me and so don't be afraid to waste your effort and if you're if it's hard for you to waste your effort then do the mandala because when you're willing to spend your effort that you will actually start to see returns in life it is the willingness to spend because then you're exerting it you're giving it out you know the more that you're willing to waste your effort the more that you can spend on a daily basis and now I'm giving 100 every single day because I don't have to worry about saving it because it's disappearing anyway and then your life starts to change because now you're exerting 100 effort it's what you always wanted instead of being paralyzed and being unable to do anything and so as you exert 100 effort your life starts to turn around you're like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how did I get here you got it by wasting your effort it's really bizarre so if you want to learn how to waste your effort and you want to learn how to quit Mandela is the best and by the way Burning Man is a societal mandala it's beautiful because we're going to go to this place in the desert we're going to build something and then we're just going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tear it down the history of humanity is all about monuments made to last it's greed I don't want to build something that's going to be gone tomorrow I want to build something that'll be there for a thousand years 10 000 years Ozymandias tremble Mortals and despair but we can learn something from Burning Man which is that things can be created and they can be torn apart and we can accept you don't have to go to Burning Man and expose yourself to all that you just do a mandala do you have good book recommendations for this topic when we think I mean I think you can look at stuff on so I like if you want to read about like okay let's let's find you all a book recommendation let me just see if I can find you a resource so what I would start is understanding the term viragya actually so I guess Dr K's guide is a resource I suppose I should have so I would start by understanding the the key search term here is vairagya which means detachment v-a-r-a-g-y-a okay so we teach a lot of these principles more in depth with Dr K's guide especially to meditation um so I would definitely check that out but I would start with honestly the Wikipedia page and let's see if there's a good yeah so a lot of the stuff on vairaga on the Wikipedia page there's got to be books on advait vedanta which are pretty good or you could read the bhagavad-gita which I understand that you guys don't know how to spell any of that stuff probably so let's do this okay so why Radia so you can check out the Wikipedia page definitely check out Dr K's guide to meditation and then um you can read the bhagavad-gita or you can read a book on advice those are my recommendations thoughts on drinking every weekend if it's not affecting work at all Here's my thought if you're drinking every weekend it isn't affecting your work is it okay my response to that is you should not shape your life based on what does and does not affect your work Optimal Performance at work is not the right Compass to structure your life around that's my thoughts everyone's like I do drugs but it doesn't affect this part of my life and it's like bro it doesn't affect that part of your life but like what about all the others it's like you drink every weekend like wow so you're spending all of your free time drinking a year from now what's more important that you worked well five days a week or that you spent your weekends in a meaningful fashion right and I'm not saying don't drink like if you enjoy it and that's really how you if you look back on your life and you're like wow I'm really glad I got hammered every single weekend last year if that's the choice you want to make go for it I don't know I didn't mean to be an ass there but you asked me for my thoughts and that was like I'm at the end of stream here I've been doing this for two and two hours and 40 minutes so I get like a little bit disinhibited and my frontal lobes start to get exhausted so I like let fly so I apologize if that hurts anyone's feelings right and it's like alcohol is a lovely part of many people's lives and if that's what it is for you go for it right I I know people who enjoy sitting around a fire and sipping a beer like that's cool if that's what you want to could I just verbally abuse you honestly I'm happy to be authentic with you but I won't verbally abuse people what about math this is a bad drug dude stay the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] away from meth so we support alcoholics now sir Friday ficken we don't support alcoholism but we've supported alcoholics from day one I don't think that's changed right and I think sometimes that gets us in trouble it's like you support these people you talk to this person yeah like that's what we're about we try to do our best at like compassion for all human beings and I'm not saying that we're going to give it to all human beings because I'm human which means eventually I'm going to meet someone and I'm gonna be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you no compassion for you it's Gotta happen but we can still shoot for the ideal and say that we're gonna have compassion for 99 of human beings Dr Cornelius is canceling their meth order good for you and for real though y'all should like get help if you're using substances a lot like for real go get some help and you may say like but I don't need help and it's like okay just just go and try to get some help and see what it does for you because oftentimes until we get help we don't really know what the value of help wear help so if you're looking for support around specifically an addiction I'd highly recommend that you go see an addiction therapist or psychiatrist or something like that if you don't know what exactly you're doing in life and you need help and you want to sort things through group coaching is fantastic and that can be like talking about marijuana and alcohol and stuff too so like I think if you you know really concerned that you have a clinical problem and so go see a clinician but I think what's cool about like group coaching is that this is what you all deal with okay what about relationships what about self-esteem what about feeling indebted to people what about alcohol right and when you have a group of your peers that's known you for 14 weeks and they're like you know I hate to break it to you bro but I don't think the marijuana is helping and these are people that know you at that point they've given you good advice before they understand you you've helped them you guys have a relationship that matters a lot because I can be here and I can say hey alcohol is bad marijuana is bad math is bad and that's true I will say those but I don't know how much that's going to change your behavior so I think for a lot of like I don't know what kind of help that I need or even I think this is the problem this is the other big advantage of group coaching is that oftentimes we think we know what the problem is and we work on that problem but it doesn't we don't actually get better so I see this a lot for example with social skills where people will be like okay my social skills suck so what I need to do is get better at social skills so what am I going to do I'm going to watch YouTube videos on social skills and then eventually I will become confident enough or practiced enough in my social skills so I can feel comfortable socializing right that's the goal is right now if I go to a party or even meet people on the street or go to Amiga I feel really uncomfortable I don't know what to say so I'm going to fix that problem first and then sometimes we like upgrade right okay I'll go to a Discord chat I'll develop online on online relationships because I feel more comfortable doing that and there's this idea that if you take enough steps in safety you will be competent in the middle of the ocean the problem is that like that kind of keeps you stuck right years go by you keep on watching stuff on YouTube about how to socialize you learn all these techniques you listen to people like my ass but then you don't actually like it's really hard to cross over and so one of the cool things that we found in group is that like peoples people actually get a chance to practice their social skills and they become more socially confident they start to develop the ability to to develop relationships because they're able to be vulnerable and authentic they're able to listen and challenge other people because there's a lot of people who are like I hate socializing because I hate having stupid Small Talk conversations how do I have meaningful conversations with people like you learn how to be vulnerable you learn how to listen and so you all should definitely check it out we have spots that are open for the first time in a long time and I really think it's good for a lot of what holds us back so our group coaching program was designed to be an antidote to the negative effects of Technology that's what it's built on so we were conceptualizing it it's not a particular problem the problem that it really aims to solve is when we live in a world that leads to social skills atrophy due to technology use when we live in a world where the things that are supposed to connect us are actually increasingly isolating like Tinder when we live in a world where there's an overabundance of information and not enough guidance what should I do with my life you'll get a thousand answers from a thousand different Financial gurus or success grind set Chad people and which one should you do and everyone's out there looking for the right answer to the problems in their life but they're looking out there and we love that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] those of us that give you all that advice we're like Bring It On and why do we why do we have an endless level of content here because me telling you what to do with your life fundamentally will never work you can learn something sure and it seems like we help people we've got some good data behind that but the basic problem is that you have to look within yourself that's where you get held back it's not that you don't know what to do it's that you can't bring yourself to do it and so group is designed to Target all of those things it's designed to help you understand yourself designed to help you understand other people so that you can understand give you a chance to develop self-worth by helping another human being give them the chance to challenge your views and hey maybe the problem isn't that everyone in the world is out to get you maybe the problem maybe the reason that you have bad relationships is because of the way that you treat other people like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's insane accountability understanding compassion authenticity so check that out for sure that's where you get help that's why we build these kinds of things right so this is when like people like you know someone saying but I can't I get that right that's why you have to show up somewhere where there's like a trained facilitator who will help you you're like I can't dance that's why you go to dance class okay who are you rating today right so I feel unmotivated to do anything or speak to anyone that's why what you so I think the main thing here is that like all you have to do is show up that's what makes the group coaching experience good we'll take it from there all you have to do is show up and then we will do the work of engaging squeaks oh my god dude can we raid should we raid squeaks or should we rate someone there's a guy named veg squeezy who's got two viewers who's playing Minecraft squeaks okay let's do squeaks bro is playing Counter-Strike too viewer Andy let's dude let's okay we're gonna go back we're gonna do two viewer entity veg oh my god dude this is so great okay let's go to view Randy veg squeezy we'll get squeaks next time okay remind me to write squeaks next time chat okay ready let's go chat invade all right three two one let's go

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrJum [13 likes]: 3:45 stream start
  2. @DudokX [11 likes]: "I feel like I am too ugly to do this job" 

5 minutes later
"parents and sisters told me I am ugly constantly." Hmmmmmm
  3. @kokujinblack77 [6 likes]: This interview with Minhtam and when she was talking about her life experiences, upbringing and her general opinion of her self , was pretty similar to my own upbringing.
  4. @elektrotehnik94 [1 likes]: This stream is heavy & revealing about my patterns; in a very strong + uncomfortable way. ❤

I mean it in the best possible way.
Doesn't make the whole experience of witnessing it any easier though... 😬❤️
  5. @francescoburton6015 [1 likes]: 'promosm'

- The Dark Origins of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en foreign a 13 year old girl from Florida is ungovernable her mother has brought her to Dr Phil because that's what parents do the title of the episode is I want to give up my car stealing knife-wielding twerking 13 year old daughter who tried to frame me for a crime it's a mouthful but quite the summary of her life at this time the episode goes as well as it can go but at some point bergoli says something that will blow up and go viral in a heavy accent the 13 year old challenges members of the audience to a fight outside the studio [Applause] since this moment brigolius carried the tag the cash me outside girl catch me outside catch me outside girl the catch me outside girl cash me outside how about that after this appearance brigoli disappeared from the spotlight for several years unbeknownst to many however brigoli had become a rapper and was cultivating an army of fans and followers in April 2021 just days after she turned 18 bad baby aspergoli was now going by opened and only fans account six hours later she had earned 1 million a record for the platform and a sick pointer to the character of the people there fast forward two years later bad baby claims to have made over 50 million on the platform and owns a 6.1 one million dollar home in Florida formerly belonging to NFL linebacker Jean-Pierre Paul [Music] only fans is a social media platform more or less like any other you use every day however the big difference is that the creators can hide their content behind a paywall that means any content you post on the platform is hidden from everyone else except those who pay for access you could also opt to post your content for free and support your work through other income sources such as tips from fans launched in 2016 only fans democratized the adult industry making some creators seriously Rich some would say too rich the platform is open to any type of Creator you will find skateboarders healthy cooking enthusiasts Fitness instructors music teachers poets Etc making videos for a paying audience in fact these are the types of content creators given a front row seat by the platform they're the kind of creators the company would rather be known for you'll find them on the front page featured on the official only fans account there the creators promoted by only fans on its social media pages on Twitter and Instagram regular people doing regular stuff in fact in early 2021 the platform introduced a new app that featured many of its top creators with the exception of adult entertainers however the vast majority of only fans traffic possibly the only reason only fans is a household name is its growing catalog of adult content tens of adult actors have become legitimate millionaires on the platform in the last couple of years and Danielle bregoli's case that transformation and was overnight so how many users does only fans have according to web traffic analytics company a similar web only fans consistently gets over 300 million visits a month that's almost the entire population of the United States logging in every month to get some kind of fix whatever that might be 10 million people a day every day and that might be on the lower side it's a mind-numbing number that's roughly the same amount of traffic as Amazon UK or Disney plus yet it's more than HBO Max gets a month more than Paramount plus gets too Airbnb has nothing on only fans did someone mention Uber them too its traffic is not that much lower than spotify's Tinder Bumble grinder and Plenty of Fish combined only see a fraction of this traffic so from whatever angle you look at it this is a big and thriving business in 2020 only fans creators made about 1.8 billion dollars a year later in 2021 that number grew by 115 percent to 3.86 billion the platform certainly benefited from the pandemic and the transition to working from home the highest earner in 2021 according to research by statista was Blac Chyna who made 20 million dollars Bella Thorne was second with 11 million dollars in earnings cardi B and Tyga rounded up the top four making 9.3 and 7.7 million dollars respectively the top four are what many consider mainstream celebrities however sneaking in at number five is Mia Khalifa who is famous for her not safe for work former day job she is just one of the hundreds of thousands of adult entertainers on the site as much as the company shuns them and tries to disassociate from them they constitute its Core Business they are the bread and butter on August 19 2021 only fans made an announcement that quite literally shook the world the company announced that it would no longer allow explicit material on the platform this announcement was made at a time when the company was trying to raise money from outside investors a startup trying to raise Capital goes through strict scrutiny and this was speculated to be one if not the main reason behind this announcement the investor pool willing to take on X-rated entertainment is simply too small however the official reason given was that the company was under mounting pressure from banking partners and payment providers these are the credit card companies namely visa and MasterCard the two largest ones in the world they enjoy a duopoly and according to a 2018 report about 90 percent of Americans hold a credit card from at least one of the two vsan MasterCard are incredibly powerful more so in this internet age while the likes of Amazon Facebook Google and Twitter grab all the negative headlines the world as we know it would look very different if the two companies were not around in 2020 following an op-ed by the New York Times about child abuse and material that was found on PornHub both visa and MasterCard stopped processing the site's payment they were joined by discover the number four payment processor in the United States this essentially crippled PornHub and all the websites in its portfolio only fans was therefore right to be afraid if vsan MasterCard took the same action against it the website would have essentially ceased to operate it was feared by some that vsan MasterCard were launching a war on pornography which would lead to very dystopian places however soon after only fans in the payment processors came to an agreement and the decision was reversed some of the things only fans was required to do was having stricter content review policies better age verification systems among others it was worth noting that MasterCard denied having any role and only fans short-lived ban on content a senior vice president in the company said that they learned about it in the media like everyone else there is no doubt that only fans has transformed the internet for the first time this large section of workers whose work is despised ignored looked down upon and rarely appreciated have a platform where they can get a fair shot at the American dream but unlike other social media platforms of today very little is known about only fans the company as mentioned only fans was founded in 2016 by British entrepreneur Timothy Stokely his father guy Stokely and brother Thomas for two years the site saw modest growth then in 2018 florida-based internet porn Baron Leonid radvinsky entered into the picture buying up 75 percent of the company radvinsky is a pretty shady individual this was not his first foray into the internet economy in fact it was not his first investment in Internet adult entertainment it reported by Forbes in 2022 unmasked him as an aggressively early internet entrepreneur who used shady means to make money in the early days of the internet more than 10 websites all created in the late 90s and early 2000s by rodvinsky published links claiming to direct web users to child content no evidence was found that the links actually contained such illegal content however it was more likely that radvinsky in a sick way was trying to appeal to users in the darkest corners of the internet as a way of generating more traffic and making more money in 2002 ervinsky sued giant internet registry company verisign for allegedly transferring one of his domains to someone else in the suit redvinsky revealed just how successful his business was a single site the one that was at the center of the lawsuit was bringing in revenues of five thousand dollars a day that's 1.8 million a year in 2004 he was back in court again this time Amazon and Microsoft were suing him for spamming their email users with scam offers and links to his numerous adult websites this case was settled out of court with radvinsky bar hard from using Amazon or Microsoft Tools in his business throughout the 2000s and later he continued with his adult entertainment Empire and succeeded in avoiding the Limelight this was until he bought only fans in 2018. it remains without a doubt his most successful investment and because of just how much the platform has exploded in popularity Forbes estimated his 2021 net worth to be 1.8 billion dollars in 2019 two years after advensky took over the company its Revenue was about 75 million dollars the next year Revenue grew 540 percent to 400 million dollars the site benefited greatly from people staying at home because in 2021 Revenue tripled to 1.2 billion dollars the platform is home to at least 1.5 million creators majority of them make next to nothing but there are thousands who are living comfortably off their only fans income over 100 creators are believed to be pocketing over 1 million annually who would have guessed that the world's oldest profession would end up being one of the best paying thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @renangaspar4377 [8 likes]: Good video, but the title is definitely click-bait, lol. The origins of OnlyFans are actually pretty wholesome, like you mentioned in the video.
  2. @KyrosTheWolf [6 likes]: Is this video and it's comments AI generated
  3. @nfinzer22 [4 likes]: Wow, TIL OnlyFans has non-adult content.
  4. @Joel-ih8ez [1 likes]: sybau
  5. @ismaelcarrillo3956 [1 likes]: Only Fans has the highest rate of suicide ages 18-28. Sad
  6. @alienbricks3823 [1 likes]: i never thought simp economy was that important, what a world
  7. @mallsoftvaporwave4362 [1 likes]: could ya like,,, link sources? sorry to seem nitpicky or something but i like being able to verify what people on the internet say lol
  8. @silverdragons42 [1 likes]: To be frank, I despise only fans as it pertains to porn. First, porn is bad for your brain. Second because it has harmed men's and women's relationships as a society. Third, I work my ass off every day basically making fuck all, and then these 5s on a good day e-strippers get to feel like 10s and never work a hard day in their life, frying their dopamine receptors and self sabotaging any chance at a meaningful life beyond their fleeting sexuality. Yes, I'm mad. I'm obviously very mad about this shit.
  9. @Thesheepherder_765: Rot in hell
  10. @MyAccountForCommenting: We could all offer our bodies for profit. It the easiest option. People who do it aren't victims to be portrayed as held down from getting "a fair shot at the American dream."
  11. @TheRecklessMetalhead: Leonid Radvinsky is a scumbag
  12. @YoungBlaze: at 8:26 did the volume randomly decide to get louder? wtf
  13. @13THPR0PH37: I just wish the second oldest profession would make this money! Barbering
  14. @Gameplugcharli: Wow. Clickbait video
  15. @miconadal6208: Good videos
  16. @organicmechanic5150: Considering most porn sites are free and a lot of OF content ends up on the sites, anyone who pays is a simp of the highest calibre.
  17. @StreetFig: Nice info, but get rid of the stupid music, it's too loud and distracting
  18. @IdkFoxii: Anyone that gets a big ass home w no security or bullet proof windows and a bullet proof jumpsuit is literally a waste of time and a big ass target
  19. @ChoF-i6m: Poontang pays … a lot.  Good for them
  20. @SandPounder: This seems like Triggered Tro has returned to us again. Great video, even if you're not Tro

- How to Build a Loyal Fan Base as an OnlyFans Creator: Kind: captions Language: en Something I take a lot of pride in as an adult content creator and someone who's been a veteran in this industry for 13 plus years is that I don't only grab and capture fans, I turn them into whales. And this video is all about how you can do that for yourself in your own adult creator business. Let's get into it. Building a loyal fan base is so extremely important to this business. And let me tell you why. Getting a fan to come to your Only Fans or whatever your adult platform is and sign up and subscribe is one challenge. And that's a challenge. Don't don't get me wrong. But getting them to stay on your platform and to rebuild month over month, that is the true testament to the business you're building. Because capturing fans is one piece of effort, but keeping them and growing them into super fans, that is a whole another ball game. And that is what you really want to do as an adult creator because the more super fans you can create, the less fans you need to capture in the market. So, what I want to focus on today is really about creating the loyalist fans and growing them and nurturing them into being super splenders. This is going to be the playbook on how you do that. The first thing you do is when a new fan enters your platform is you grab their attention and hook them. I've talked about hooks in the past, but a hook is how you say something. Whether that's in written text, whether that's an audio message that you make, or whether that's a video, but you want to hook the fan immediately. Your first mission with every new fan that comes on your platform is to get them to spend their first dollar. If a user spends $1, they're likely to spend more. So mission one is always get them to spend their first dollar. The way you do this is that you sell them something cheaply at first. You just want them to get to spend point blank, period. There's no value in having a fan subscribe to your platform that doesn't open their wallet. So getting them to spend that first dollar is extremely important. The way that I do this is I leverage a sequence of welcome messages. So, if you go to my VIP page, there's a sequence of welcome messages that I have that I'll send out in a specific order. And I do this because one, I need to overcome some obstacles. My welcome message sequence is a video sequence. Why do I do this? The video sequence proves to the fan that I am who I say I am. So, I send them video messages in a specific order to extract information I want from them, but also validate that they are talking to me on my platform. So many fans are so worried that when they get on these adult platforms, they're not even talking to the creators. So, first, you need to make sure you can put that insecurity or that concern aside. And the way I do this is by making sure I send them these video messages immediately after they subscribe. This proves they're talking to me. They can rest assured. and now I can start extracting that information I want from that fan. And why do we need to extract that information? Well, you're building the relationship and you're trying to get them to spend that first dollar. So, we need to know a few things about them to make this thing go smoothly for the rest of the course of time. Some of those things are what their name is, where they're from, and what they're into. Those are usually my three key components. And then I like to pile on with what's their birthday because that goes a long way in the future. Now, why do I get that information? Getting their name is going to make you sell them more effectively in the future. People love hearing their name. I don't know what it is, but it's a real thing. If you learn and remember someone's name, they become much more fond of you very quickly. It's a rapport building thing. You can read all about it in How to Win Friends and Influence People and all the other books on the internet. But you want to get their name and you want to get these key things about them that you can refer back to and use to your advantage later. If you know what they're into, if you know what their birthday is, you've got a lot to work with, more than you expect. If a fan stops messaging me and I want to get their attention and I know their name's Matt and I know that they like Joi videos, well, I can say, "Good morning, Matt. I know how much you love instructions. So, your first task of the day is to write me back cuz I'm lonely." Boom. I stepped into a character that I know is going to resonate with them because I know what they're into. and I gave them a message that's very likely to re-engage them. And I got their attention cuz I remembered their name. This is how you start these fan interactions on your platforms. And this is how you start building these relationships that will last long term. Once you've gotten their attention and gotten some information out of them that you can use down the road, we want to get that first dollar spent. How I do this is after I've sent them that welcome sequence of video messages, the last video message I send them in the sequence is actually a locked video. It's a PPV and it's a little bit more explicit than all the videos I've sent to them to begin with. So, I've already groomed them to start opening and watching these videos. And when it gets to that last locked one, well, the message I say or the caption that I have with that locked PPV is very um enticing. We'll just say that because the welcome sequence that I have is actually me talking to them in a sheet. The last message I sent locked kind of implies that I'm going to drop the sheet. So, they are now compelled after talking to me through video that they want to see that PPV message. And usually that gets them my very first unlock on the page and that gets their very first dollar spent. All right, so we've got our fan on our page. They're subscribed and they're spending. How do we start to get them to become these loyal super fans I keep talking about? Well, step two in this process with me is really about that relationship building. You're going to have to DM this fan. You're going to have to really get to know them, and you're going to take a lot of notes along the way. The purpose of this is to build an emotional connection. And I'm not saying mislead the fan or get them to fall head over heels in love with you and write you in the will. It's not what I'm saying. But you do want to build a bond with this fan. It's your job to provide an experience as a creator on this platform. Remember, you're selling access, not just content. So with that access, you want to build a relationship with this fan that's going to keep them coming back for more. That's going to keep them checking their messages the way you would check if you were writing a new love interest, for example. They want to see replies from you. They want to get involved with you, and you want to integrate yourself into their day-to-day lives. You want to know what kind of coffee they drink, what time they get up, what time is bedtime, what movies they're watching, what sitcoms they follow, what other creators are of interest to them. Get to know them and take copious amounts of notes. This is really step two as you integrate into their daily life as a creator. Now, step three is to really make them feel special. This is when you're going to get them to increase their fan spent. When you're in this process of making them feel special, you're going to want to say things and market the stuff that you're sending in PPVs like this. You're going to say, "I don't make this kind of content for just anyone." You're going to say things like, "I haven't made content like this before, so I really hope you like it." You're going to hype up the significance of what this specific fan means to you and how out of your way you're going for the specific fan. When you start doing that, you're going to slowly increase the unlock amounts that you're pricing your content at. If the first unlock they ever did with you was $3, great. Doesn't matter. The goal was to get them to unlock. But now that you're sending them this content that's super special to them and very exclusive and outside your ordinary, you're going to start pricing it a little bit higher every time. We want to slowly increase their unlock and slowly increase their customer spend. Now, something else you can do which is really getting into sales psychology is public recognition. This is an element of the fan site business model that really gets lost where the cam business model and the live stream business model actually excels a lot more. But public recognition, I love to publicly thank or publicly shout out my fans on my feed on my adult platforms. This is useful because that public recognition is that warm hug or that pat on the back or that kind of validation for a fan that they mean something to you. It's like you're making it Instagram official but in the adult platform kind of way. What I like to do is thank all my top tippers every month and post them on my feed. Or occasionally I'll just be like, "Thank you so and so for keeping me company today in DMs." And I'll make that a public post on my feed. Why do I do this? It inspires competition. It gets fans spending up, but also it makes that one fan who's probably spending a lot of time and attention and money on you in DMs. It validates their experience. It makes them feel a part of something, a part of your daily life. This is how you start to make that fan who was just a new spender into a long-term loyal customer. Now, once you've done that public validation and once you've really stepped up their fan spending in small increments, you are at the sunken cost situation. So sunken cost is when someone puts so much money into something they feel like they have to keep going. It's this idea that I've already invested so much time or so much energy or so much money that it would almost be silly to turn back now. It makes the fan want to work on a relationship with you. So maybe when they push boundaries or they overstep and you have to correct them, they don't want to just leave and find another creator. They want to come back and actually work out the problems and work out the challenges. This is also what's going to keep fans around and keep them loyal during times where maybe you're late on getting them their custom video and things of that nature. You want to get them to a point where they have that sunken cost bias and now they want to stay with you and stay loyal to you. This is all a part of the sales psychology and growing those new fans into those super spenders. Now, once they're at that sunken cost dynamic of your relationship, you also have to make additional considerations. This fan has invested a lot into you as a creator. You need to provide a value and return that makes them feel that that investment was worthwhile. Whether that's the custom videos, whether that's silly little one minute clips while you're traveling and saying, "I'm thinking of you." Whatever it might be, you need to give extra value that makes them feel special because they are special on your platform. An easy way to do this that's really not super time inensive is custom audio messages. Like, I know who my top 10 spenders on my platforms are. I have no issue sending them a custom audio with their name any time of the day pretty frequently. I want them to know that I'm thinking of them, that their names on my tongue. These are things that are going to go a long way with your fans. So, once you get them past that sunken cost, you want to make sure you're providing additional value for what they're spending. This is really important to turning them into that loyal long-term whale. Now, the next step into super fandom into whale spending is really giving a special or exclusive experience. So you can build out clubs or private tiers to your profiles and platforms that fans get certain perks for being a part of. So my top spenders, for example, you could create a VIP club where you add all of those top spenders to a VIP list on your only fans and maybe you mass message them all of your content first and they get to see it first. And maybe you post their testimonials or screenshots of what they say about that content on the feed. Look at that. More public recognition. You can do things like this that make your page and your super fans feel super exclusive. Maybe you do movie viewing, private live streams with these fans. Maybe just do private live streams with these fans in general. You can do that on Only Fans by only streaming to a select list that you create. Things like this are going to increase exclusivity and that is going to increase those fans spending. Once you've made these fans feel like the VIPs that they are, they are going to be ride or dies for you. You have reached the whale, super exclusive, VIP, whatever you want to call it. You've reached the peak with this fan. This is where you want to park them and nurture them. This fan will need your time and attention. There's no super fan that doesn't. This fan will likely overstep and be a little entitled. Sometimes you already give them additional value, so when you don't give them additional value, they're probably going to feel some type of way. This fan will likely need a lot more attention and intention with boundary setting. This is what happens with super fans and whales. This is part of the process. But when you have these big super fans and these whales, you have to manage those relationships. If you were a big business and you had massive clients that that made up 90% of your profit, you would take those clients out to lunch. You would take those clients for coffee. You would send those clients gifts on Christmas. You would do things for those clients. And you need to think about your whales the same way. Those whales are your super clients. Those whales need time, attention, and nurturing, and you don't want to lose them. It's so much work to create them in the first place. So, I hope you found this useful. If you want more ideas on how to create normal new spenders into super fans, ask GPT's AI. Or if you want even more help and tips and tricks on turning new fans into big spenders, head on over to CEO Society. It is our free private community for adult creators only. And it's where we talk about all the stuff we can't say publicly in front of places fans can see it like social media or YouTube. There's so many more tips, tricks, and strategies inside that private community. And there's also tools and resources like technologies we use or case studies that we've ran so that you can take someone else's experience and apply it to your own business without having to make all of the challenging pitfalls and overcome all of the problems. learn from each other inside CEO Society. It's just a better way to do business. And I really hope you'll consider joining. It's linked down below in the description. I hope you got tremendous value out of this video. There are so many other additional videos that are exclusive to CEO Society. So check there in our classroom when you get there. And uh I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @solum13 [5 likes]: This was so helpful for a girl who is just starting out!
  2. @Aspoiledbeauty [5 likes]: I can’t tell you how much I appreciate these videos 💕💕💕
  3. @kaailyntaylor [4 likes]: I appreciate your content so much!! I have such a hard time with the selling to and keeping fans lol
  4. @missmoonrise5680 [3 likes]: This video was really informative. Seriously thank you
  5. @FindomgoddessRebecca [2 likes]: you're so beautiful
  6. @emmberrosalyn [2 likes]: I thank fans on my site too but I never use their screenname or their real name bc I find most fans want their identity to be hidden. Are you saying their first name when thanking them on your wall?
  7. @AyeshaDavis-q5c [1 likes]: This was so informative, so helpful, and so easy to digest! Thank you Mel!
  8. @lamashtublackarts [1 likes]: Thank you for this invaluable advice!!
  9. @dividedconquered3784: Thank you ❤
  10. @Star.Gaze.Girl92: OF: @stargazegirl
  11. @fairy22666: 🥰🤍🤍🤍
  12. @alstrosia: im thinking keeping up with all of this would be more difficult the larger your fan base is growing. lets say you have 200 subscribers. or even 500 subscribers. how do you keep up with all of them?
  13. @Quinn20248: First of all, thank you so much for your videos, they help so much. 

I'm a guy and I started four weeks ago, but I have fans who constantly send me photos of themselves. Should I keep opening them for free and giving compliments? Besides, they want to just chat for hours. Do you have any advice for this? They pay for my content, but I can't just open photos for free and chat with fans for hours, right? Thank you.
  14. @sarahsmith1418: Diabolical. I love it
  15. @billymak2610: Beautiful info!! Thank u soooo much for meticulously breaking down the process from an intellectual level. Great work!
,
  16. @Maggiemayhem420: Thank you Mel this was a good one too I'm going to slowly catch up and watch them all been working on it all evening so have a good day and thank you so much for your contribution to the industry
  17. @recieptsonly: Maybe I’m dumb lol but I don’t fully get the sequence welcome msgs, I see automating the first msg. Is it possible for you to explain what these additional sequential messages would be? Or an example? would these initial msgs before their first spend be sent as videos so they know it’s you?
  18. @inherwritemind: Great video! Do you have any other videos or podcasts about having healthy boundaries with whales?
  19. @FrequencyFreedom: Extreme helpful information. 
I am very grateful for all you share. 
Thank you! ❤
  20. @LFGoddessLunaVerbena7: Ugh, I really needed this video. I’m running IG, X, LoyalFans, Pinterest—the whole routine—and it still feels like a grind. Glad I’m not the only one pushing through. ✨️✨️✨️

- OF Creator Replies to Brett Cooper's Statement "Onlyfans Should Be Banned": Kind: captions Language: en Brett Cooper, she recently said, >> "You are selling like the most biologically intimate thing that you can do and you're putting like a price tag on." Like after that, what else do you have to give? I will never say that that is objectively healthy. >> She would just like completely stop Only Fans and like she thinks it's like harmful to men and can do all of these different, you know, is leading to a lot of divorce or problems in marriages. What's like your take on a statement like that? >> There's bad in everything, right? And Only Fans is an escape. It's an escape for people that are missing something in their life. And it's an outlet. You know, having a sex drive and using sex as a distraction is a distraction. It's no different than being an alcoholic andor a drug addict, right? At the end of the day, if you're using it for a an emotional escape, and I think that this can get skewed where people are crossing the line and they're in a divorce that they're or they're excuse me, they're in a marriage that they're not happy with and they're looking for an escape. and this is their escape instead of alcohol, instead of drinking or whatever your escape is, this is their escape. And um I think it it it brings up and shows that something in a marriage might be missing. If something if if you're happy in your marriage, you wouldn't be going to this. Now, am I saying that's right or wrong? No. But that's why like I really try to get to know them and be like, you know, why why are you here? Like what brings you here? What's your story? And obviously sometimes like you don't get the truth. Um, but I saved a marriage on Only Fans. Um, I there was this guy that I really got to know and um, he him and his wife weren't having sex and he said to me that his wife knew that he was on here and that he was communicating specifically with me and that it was okay and all this stuff and they, you know, they got married very young. They have a lot of kids and he he's never gotten to really have his fantasies. So, this was all allowed. So, um, basically, you know, he was using me as like an outlet and basically his wife was not being faithful in the relationship. So, um, and when he found that out, he broke and was like, I'm divorcing her. I'm leaving her. And I was like, listen, this this you don't have to go that far because clearly both of you guys have not been communicating with each other and you know that you guys were both looking for an outlet somewhere else. like you escaped to me on Only Fans. She escaped to somebody in real life. I'm not saying one's worse or one's better or whatever, but both of you guys were escaping and not communicating and something's missing. And I said to him, I was like, "You need to have an honest, open conversation about about what that is, you know, and they and I encourage him to have to talk to her, to work on it, and they did." And from what I know to this day, they're still together. Um, and he sent me a crazy long message saying like, you know, you were the best thing that ever happened to me. If it wasn't for you, I'd be I would have gotten divorced and I would be so I would end up regretting my decision when I'm older. We, you know, figured out our differences, communicated, and a relationship couldn't be better than ever, and all this is because of you. And so, you know, people can blame Only Fans, girls for this all they want. But the at the end of the day, you know, if somebody's choosing to do something, if someone's choosing to do drugs, if someone's choosing to do something, that's what they're choosing. But sometimes it's that's not the case. They just they're single and they just this is an outlet for them. This makes them feel good, you know. So, I don't know. I know that's contradicting and people could hear one side or the other, but it's um you know, there's strip clubs still exist. You know, there's the guys are guys at the end of the day and um this is just another way to have that outlet. >> Yeah. >> Whether it's good or bad for you. >> Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And it strikes me too, right, of the what your point is of like, you know, if people are going here unhappily in a marriage, like that has more to do with the marriage probably than it does the um the Only Fans or the potential outlet in the same way that like most drug addicts like it's often less about the specific chemical and much more to do with like the underlying like enjoyment of their life and how miserable or happy they are, right? And so it's like because people can be addicted to running. Like you can find so many things that you can, you know, harbor on to if you want to. >> I was addicted to working. That was my distraction. I worked too much. I wasn't taking care of myself and it was just work work. We all have our own distractions. And it's like like you said, like it's just figuring out there's there's always something deeper. And that's what I I try to teach everybody in my life. And again, it it doesn't have to always be bad. It doesn't have to mean just because you're on Only Fans that you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. and something's wrong with you by any means, but if it is something where it's harming, you know, the the definition of addiction that I've that I've heard is that if it's harming you other people in in your life or it's harming yourself, right? That's addiction. So, if Only Fans isn't harming you and it's not affecting any relationships and you're enjoying it and it's not, you know, um doing negative things to you, then then okay, that's great. But if it is causing a negative impact, there's something deeper there. and and it should be explored. >> Yeah. Why do you think with only defense, why do you think there like so much of it ends up being this relational component or this safe space for a man to to be and be vulnerable? Like why do you think that it's that space that they end up going to versus a therapist or a friend or another outlet? Yeah, I think it's just um similar to similar question you might ask like why does a heroin act heroin addict go to heroin, right? Like it's just their vice that they choose to go to. But I think um you know they it's it it's they get to have this emotional connection with somebody or this even if it's sexual it feels good to feel wanted you know like this person even though it may be pretend this person is you know in the dance room or lap or whatever that this person's like all over you. It feels good to be touched. It feel good to be desired. And that might be um something that they're lagging in their relationship or their real life. They haven't really been touched in a while. they haven't been cared for, they haven't been looked to right in the eyes or like, you know, or they haven't had sex in a long time and they, you know, we're we're humans. We want sex. We want to be, you know, we want to be touched. We want to be told that we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot and that we're the best thing to exist. And so, um, I I think it's a lot of that. And when we look at the suicide rates, 75% are men and they're usually in their 30s and 40s. And men, you know, women, it's okay for a woman to cry, but it's not okay for a man to cry in the world today. And we need to change that because men are emotional, too. And it's a beautiful thing for emot for emotions, for a man to have emotions and um to express his feelings. And so um there's there's not we haven't created a world for that yet and a safe space for that yet. And I think that that's all they're doing. >> Yeah, >> that's all they're doing. that creating that safe space for the guy to actually be able to express his emotions and let that stuff out. >> Yeah. And I think like you know men too, this is going to take a different take on it, but men too are have a higher sex drive than most women and they, you know, they can just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and not have it be emotional. And um I think that when they're able to I I think sometimes in relationships women try to control the man a lot. And I think for that pushes men away. And I and I'm not saying this is the case for everything. Um but it also pushes men to want to be secretive and to want to um go online and and have this other world. For example, like if if all your men all all his friends are going to the strip club and you're like, "You can't go to the strip club. You don't go there. You don't go there." Men especially don't like being told what to do. And um a lot of people don't. No, none of us really do, right? We want to be free creatures. So, when you're trying to control somebody, it could cause for things to come out of control. And I'm not saying that's right, but that's just the mindset of human nature. For example, just as kids, right? If if if a kid is told not to turn around, all of a sudden, they were never thinking about turning around, but now that they're told that they can't, now they want it. Now they want to turn around. Well, what's behind me? And you don't have to be a kid. If I told you right now, Cameron, don't turn around. Don't look. Don't go behind you. You're like, you didn't Sorry, you didn't even think about turning around, but now that I told you that you can't, you're like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is she talking about? Now you're curious. Now you might be scared, you know? So, I I'm not blaming women at all for that, but I I definitely feel that um you you can't you you I try to create a safe space for everybody in my life to express whatever their desires are, regardless if it's like, you know, a guy that I'm dating that's like, yo, like I saw this girl today and I I had all these like sexual desires and I was thinking about in my head to I wanted to have sex with her and I and I didn't. But I'm telling you, and I I would rather a relationship where my partner feels so open that he feels he can tell me that because we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] human. We're going to have these crazy weird thoughts. We're going to maybe miss an ex for a minute. we're going to, you know.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tom-ment-Capybara [1 likes]: Ban onlyFans and all porn

- Inside the OnlyFans Agency Industry | Former Insider Reveals the Truth They Hide: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, my name is Victoria Sinnis from Creating Gems and I'm here today to tell you about the underground world of Only Fans Agencies. And so this is something that actually not a lot of people still even know exist. So I'm going to take you behind the scenes and explain to you exactly what is an Only Fans agency, why I thought it was okay to work for one, and what the three main elements of the Only Fans agency that I worked for are, and why this is so impactful to our culture. So let's get into what is an Only Fans agency. And so basically an only fans agency exists to maximize profits on girls only fans accounts. And so what does that actually mean? Well, if we have a look at what Only Fans is, Only Fans is the new iteration of pornography, right? And so the biggest allure of Only Fans and why it is so successful is because you're able to instantly message the girl where if you have a look at more traditional pornography, it's kind of in a sense nameless and faceless um nameless and faceless people that you're consuming where with Only Fans, that girl that you follow on Instagram, I can now message her on only fans and I can ask her to do anything that I want. I can build a relationship with her. But if we put on our business brains, we can understand that if a girl perhaps has a 100,000 followers on her Instagram and she's funneling those followers and she's funneling all those followers to her Only Fans. So, well, how is she able to facilitate all of these conversations? She's not able to. And so, that's why Only Fans agencies started to pop up. Their role is to pretend to be the girl on their behalf to make as much money as possible off these accounts. And so for me, I come from a background in business and marketings and startups. And so when I was approached to be able to work for an Only Fans agency, my lens was, well, I've heard of Only Fans. I don't really know what it is, but it seems positive. It seems liberating, and it seems like a way to make a lot of money. So, it made sense to me as to why this would be a good business to get into. And so as we come into understanding more about what an only fans agency is, the first element of what an only fans agency is is account management. So now that we know that the whole law of Only Fans is to be able to build relationships and instantly message a girl on a porn platform, what happens at an Only Fans agency when a girl gets onboarded is she has to go through this thing called a questionnaire. And so for the specific agency I was at, this is the process that we would do. You would have a girl who would come through, they would fill out this thing called a questionnaire. And so the questionnaire has every single detail you can possibly imagine that we're trying to extract about this girl. We want to know what her favorite food is, her favorite color, things about her family, intimate details about her, what have her favorite um even books that she reads, what are her clothing size, her shoe size, anything and everything you can imagine, we want to know about this girl. Because what happens is that gets turned into this thing called a brief. And so a brief then is created with every single thing to be able to best represent the girl. And so the brief then gets passed on to these things called chatters. And so chatters are people that you hire from third world countries. And their role is to be trained in this thing called the girlfriend experience. And they're supposed to then sit on a computer every single day for hours pretending to be the girl. And so in this process as well, there's so many different elements that we can dive into. There's levels, which is what is the content requirement that the girl is comfortable doing. At our agency, we had five different content levels. Level one was Instagram and bikini content. Level two was implied nude. Level three was full nudity. Level four was everything but anal. And level five was everything. And so this was again a way for us to be able to falsely manufacture consent for the girls because now you're coming into an agency. And think about this. Immediately you're being told what content are you comfortable with doing? These are the standards that we have. And if you're a level one, well, does that mean that you're at the bottom of the barrel? Does that mean I have to climb now and get to level five? And so, this comes into a bigger conversation that needs to be had about exploitation, coercion, and false consent. But it's just to paint the picture for you guys of the reality of what is happening behind the scenes at these agencies. And so we come through now from going from onboarding questionnaires, briefs being made, given to chatters and then you do this thing as an account manager called a account audit. So this is where you're looking through every single detail of the girls only fans account because you're trying to see what the health of the account is. So you're looking through every single conversation. You're finding out who each subscriber is, how much content does she have in her vault, how often is she doing pay per views. You want to know everything about the account because again you want to be able to maximize the earning potential on the account. So from here we would go from onboarding questionnaires, making briefs, account audits, and then the girl would get passed through to me. So my role at the agency was to build the marketing division. So that basically means that I was to get girls to go as viral as possible as quickly as possible because Only Fans itself actually doesn't have a way to be able to promote people's individual accounts. So what that means is you have to outsource all of your marketing to be able to bring people into the platform. That's why we use the example of if a girl has 100,000 followers on Instagram, she's able to then funnel those followers through to her only fans. And so this is where I would get on a marketing call with the girl and what I would do is I was supposed to get her excited and hyped for her content requirements. And so her content requirements were basically to have a minimum of three to five Tik Tok accounts. And every single day on those Tik Tok accounts, she had to be posting five unique videos per account. So that means we were asking girls to 7 days a week post 20 unique videos just on Tik Tok. Nowhere else. This is just Tik Tok. And so the videos that we were asking the girls to create is we had actually hired an expert that would study algorithms. And so this person's role was to look up trending songs, trending hashtags, trending skits, um trending captions, any anything and everything you can think of that was going viral that had suggestive, provocative type of innuendos to it. They would then get created into these little video packages. And every single day we were sent multiple videos that then the girls had to go and recreate. And so doing this method we would get girls on one Tik Tok account on one video. In 7 days we got a girl to 2.2 million views on very specific targeted and intentional content. And so you can imagine the magnitude of how influential this is and what is happening on our digital platforms. if on one account in Australia with one girl we're getting millions and millions of views on one video and so we're from here what we would do is you would go from Tik Tok to Instagram and then from Instagram you would have a link in bio and then that would take you through to only fans and so that's why we spoke about before there's a funneling system and so why this is important and why this is significant is because people think that a lot of the growth that has happened on only fans and for only fans creators is organic it's natural It's just kind of the way that things blew up. But now we can understand that actually there is such a sophisticated um ecosystem behind the scenes of people that are specifically targeting men with hypersexualized content to be able to peique their curiosity, pull them into these funneling systems, and before you know it, I've ended up on a porn platform. And so this is why this is so significant. This is why this is so important to talk about culturally because a lot of people are unaware of how impactful soft manipulation is because hard manipulation or hard influence would be turn these lights off in here. It's really bright where soft manipulation is it's a little bit bright in here, don't you think? And so then the person go, oh, do you want me to turn the lights off? That's how you get manufactured consent. And so this is the whole entire argument that we're trying to put forward of the fact that Only Fans is not empowering. It's not liberating. And what we're seeing isn't true consent, but it's manufactured consent behind the scenes with these Only Fans underground agencies. And so what happens from Tik Tok and now we know the extreme volume and amount of content that needed to be created that then gets uh turned into Instagram content. And then you also have Reddit and Twitter. And on Reddit and Twitter, you can post not safe for work content, which basically means you can post porn. So, we're not only promoting girls on Tik Tok and Instagram, but we're posting their pornography on these open platforms. And again, if you think about this, if we're having to post porn to be able to promote girls, imagine how much more extreme the content is that has to be done on Only Fans now. And so then what this is hoping to paint the picture for you all is how inundated social media is with this type of content. And so from here, what happens is you'll go into the third stage of what an Only Fans agency is, and that's recruitment. And so one of my roles at the agency was literally to scour the internet and look for girls that would fit into a certain type of criteria. And so we actually had a girl at the agency that we would lie and say that she was fresh 18 and she made the most money. And so even at the time, we also saw that the top three search porn categories was teen, fresh teen, and barely legal. And so we correlated the two and went, okay, the younger they look, the more money they make. And so then what we would do is we would scour Tik Tok, we would scour Instagram. And so the first thing we would look for is is a girl already posting provocative content because if a girl was already posting provocative content, that would either mean that potentially she already has an only fans or she's more likely to do only fans. And so from there, we would also look at how old does she look? And from there, what you would do is you would literally cold message the girl and you would say, "Hey, I love your vibe, but have you ever considered an agency or have you ever considered doing Only Fans?" And the page that we would send this message from is a page with thousands of followers. We were legitimately throwing extravagant parties, we had the lifestyle, we had the boats, the cars, the houses, everything that you can imagine. And so imagine that you're this young girl and you're getting a message from someone that literally is saying, "Hey, we think you're amazing. We see potential in you. Do you want this lifestyle? Well, come follow us. Come be a part of this sisterhood. All you have to do is only fans." And so a lot of people think that this takes the exploer out of it, that this takes a lot of risk out of it. Again, this gives girls the autonomy. It gives them empowerment. But now we can understand just from this brief breakdown that there is such a predatory industry that is behind the scenes. This is a global industry. I was talking to people in the Ukraine, in Germany, in so many different parts of the world, all about how do we promote girls on only fans? How do we make more money? How can we recruit more people? And so now I'm hoping that this is able to give you a lot more of an insight into the three main elements of an Only Fans agency, what happens behind the scenes. What is the reality? And from here, some of the most important things that we can do and the battle that we can fight in this is getting the word out to honestly as many people as possible. Understanding this, studying this, talking to people and helping others to be equipped to be able to identify what is happening online. For our young men, being able to say, "Hey, do you understand that you're not bad, but there's an entire industry that's targeting you?" And so now when they're scrolling on their phone, they're able to look at this content and go, "Wait a minute. I understand what this is now. This is targeted. This is intentional. it's not going to peique my curiosity and I'm not going to go down that rabbit hole. And then for our young girls, we're able to shatter that illusion that all these women are making all this money. It's glamorous. It's this, you know, elite lifestyle because now we understand behind the scenes a lot of these women are being coerced and manipulated into doing this on such a mass level. And the reality is the average wage of an Only Fans creator is $180 a month. And so hopefully this is able to equip you guys. It's able to give you a little bit more of information and be able to help you to now go and spread this to other people to be able to really shatter the illusion and show people the reality of what is happening behind the scenes, not only in Only Fans, but in social media and in our culture as a whole. So, what happened for me is I'm working at this Only Fans agency and I end up having a radical spiritual encounter that changes my life within 5 days. And so, I haven't turned back since. And so what I do now is I actually started creating gems which is a consultancy business because of all my experience in working in social media and now understanding the magnitude of what is going on. I want to be able to platform countercultural voices. I want to be able to help non forprofits in forwarding their unique missions so we're able to see a digital revolution. As well as that, I go and travel basically the world and speaking this story, deep diving so much more into the reality of what is happening behind the scenes. talking more intricately about Only Fans agencies and sharing way more of what is happening and also sharing this radical story of transformation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TawnyAndLuke [5 likes]: Love that this is getting traction! 🙌🏽🙌🏽 Go girl!!!!
  2. @saulgoodman1388 [3 likes]: You are a legend. Thank you for educating all of us on all the scummy industry tactics.
  3. @AimeeManuel-y9v [2 likes]: Please make more videos exposing the truth of OnlyFans! People need to know the TRUTH
  4. @Kategregory [2 likes]: This was such a great video! Thank you for sharing.
  5. @therealwillbarton [2 likes]: This needs more view bro
  6. @GrimFlames [2 likes]: Really helpful for me as I am learning to speak English.. thank you
  7. @sammy5576 [2 likes]: grooming
  8. @LouDouros [1 likes]: GREAT JOB Victoria!! We're pulling for you.
  9. @mdaarish7509 [1 likes]: How did she get spiritual awakening all of a sudden after starting to work in this degenerate industry, something is really missing or she is hiding for sure
  10. @Lichnost-11zz [1 likes]: Im addicted to prn and it's a real disease. If anybody here is in the same boat - run away from it, it's destroying your life. Onlyfans/websites are not real love. Nothing good to find in those places. Your soul is more important than just a few seconds of "pleasure".
  11. @umairasif15 [1 likes]: wow.. so woman showcased and treated like a product is what we call woman empowerment now? i have worked in marketing for over 10 years and we treated a bottle of shampoo with more respect
  12. @swaminathanp9782 [1 likes]: Hi mam. Love the video so much. Looking forward to more such information from you. Have a doubt which is kind of bothering me and is the sex they do on Onlyfans real or fake?
  13. @sammy5576 [1 likes]: one of the woman at charlie kirks organisation used to one of the biggest  OF creators in the world, it was destroying her, the agencies are pimps and they would always have drugs and alcohol at the content houses
  14. @sammy5576 [1 likes]: damn pimps thanks for exposing them
  15. @sammy5576 [1 likes]: instagram and ticktock need to ban OF accounts and accounts that are supporting porn and prostitution.
the men need to get smart and stop watching soft porn
  16. @CarterBarcelo-b9l: Thank you for doing what youre doing. 

"Flee from sexual immorality. All other sins a person commits are outside the body, but whoever sins sexually, sins against their own body.lee from sexual immorality. All other sins a person commits are outside the body, but whoever sins sexually, sins against their own body."

1 Corinthians 6:18
  17. @FrenchKoori_1: I have a question 🙋I am an accountant and I have never been onto OnlyFans (I am no saint but I have simply never been interested in OF paywall.. I won't lie).. all of these articles which say that girls are making millions in a day I have felt really skeptical of 🤔 it just has felt unreasonable.. based on your experience what are your thoughts on these articles? Is it all nonsense? It just feels unrealistic whenever I have heard it.. I wonder because if it was so easy or common to make this much money so quickly on OF it would have the potential to crash the dollar I would think 🤔.. it just seems unsustainable for the economy.. by the way I appreciate your videos and I am listening to what you share, my apologies for the business question but I just trust you to say it as it is 👍.. you have made me consider some things differently I won't lie 👌and you do make me consider women's well-being and safety online so none of that important stuff is lost on me.. but yeah it feels like alot of misinformation surrounding OF and I would love to hear your thoughts on the actual revenue which is being generated because you keep it 💯
  18. @VictoriaSinis: what else do you want to know about agencies or the world of only fans?
  19. @meowmeowmeownuts: omg i was recently contacted by a guy who said he could basically act as one of these agencies for me, and that i should be his girlfriend and do OF
  20. @sammy5576: pornography and prostitution hurt woman, men and families. 
hell no, it's not a realtionship.
"build a realtionship"
these are the same guys who go to strip clubs or are dumb enough to think she actualy likes him
OF is devaluing woman, turning them into merchantise
it's the down fall of men and society

- Will Your Employer Find Out About Your OnlyFans Account?: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is lindy kaiser director of content clearance jobs.com whoa we get some doozy questions over at the clearance jobs blog and one that came up in the past week is it was about opening an only fans account as a security clearance holder and if it would come up in the course of a background investigation if you've never heard of only fans before congratulations i hadn't either until this time last year when a commenter asked about having an only fan's account as a service member with a security clearance in this case individuals asking specifically will come up in a background investigation maybe maybe not it might not necessarily be disclosed there's always a lot of concern consideration about what will come up in terms of online activities or what the government will discover about your online internet musings the account might not come up but you as an applicant or a clearance holder do have an obligation to list it because it is a platform that's used to generate revenue it would be considered outside employment and it would need to be listed on the sf-86 and be a part of your background investigation for that reason if you fail to disclose it you could lose or be denied a security clearance based on guideline e personal conduct adjudicative guidelines so if you're looking to start an early fans account the government does not care per se about the morality of it they care about the employment side of it that you're listing it that you're paying taxes that you're being upfront about it the other issue i see here is if this individual is clearly concerned about it coming up in a background investigation seems like it's something that they're trying to hide if you have any type of employment you're trying to hide from other people that's going to be a trustworthiness issue that's going to be a blackmail issue that is going to come up in the course of a background investigation so if you want to have an account like that you're very upfront about it you don't care if your mom your grandma your neighbor finds out about it might not be as much of an issue as if you're concerned somebody will find out about it that obviously is a concern for the security clearance process as always for more hot hot clearance questions visit us at clearancejobs.com and over at theclearancejobsblog.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @InfiniteBeautyOfficial [3 likes]: Your wrong! The FBI will find your my only fans of page. Shut it down ASAP
  2. @randomango2789 [1 likes]: What if you’re just viewing accounts and U never actually made money from it
  3. @lordecooler1079: I'm going to say this once If an employer like myself if we find out that you have an onlyfans account your career that's making you 50,000 or $100,000 let me tell you something that dream job you have that's working for my company it's over you're fired I'm not going to allow a prostitute to work for my company it makes me look bad and don't tell me I'm being sexist too I refuse to hire drug dealers yes they were men in my life that lost his opportunity because they did drugs in their life I am not going to hire you through a drug dealer a prostitute and there's many more you chose that possession no one put a gun to your head you chose that stop whining and complaining and understand one thing no matter where you go that will never change and I'm telling more of my colleagues more companies don't hire women there are prostitutes don't hire men that are drug dealers you ladies have messed up it's over for you

- The rise and fall of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en The owner of Only Fans made $700 million last year. 46 employees and no debt. By almost any measure, it is one of the absolute best and most profitable businesses on the internet. About a year ago, the owner of the business tried to sell it and has been struggling ever since to get a high price for it. Why is one of the most profitable businesses in the history of the internet struggling to sell? The answer to that stems of how the whole business came together. It all started with a $10,000 loan from one guy's dad to him to go and start the business. And today, $7.2 billion in revenue flows through Only Fans. And if you think about it, what should a business that generates $700 million a year in cash trade for? Like, if that was on the public stock market, it would be incredibly highly valued, multiple tens of billions. But here we are, and Only Fans is kind of stuck. And look, this is a crazy story with Only Fans. It is also one of the most difficult videos to make. I mean, in the end, this is an adult website. Well, I did no first-person research on this, unlike I did with most of the fast food videos and coffee ones. Uh, but but in the end, we'll talk about cuz there's some crazy business lessons in this whole thing. But before we get into that, I want to let you know that I put every single one of these video stories that I do into a one-page summary cheat sheet. It's a great way for you to remember the key beats of the story and take away all the great lessons that come from it. And maybe you can be the cool guy at the party who is telling interesting business nerd stories like I do. Join the club. Anyway, you can get all these cheat sheets totally for free at girdley.comyoutube. Just put your email in and you'll get this video's cheat sheet automatically, plus all the other ones I've done. Now, let's get back to the video. How Only Fans got to where it is today actually starts back in 2016, not that long ago. And it actually starts in England. A young man who is living in Essex and had gone to kind of a second tier English university. a man named Tim Stokeley. Well, he's a hustler and an entrepreneur. And look, the adult business tends to attract a certain type of folks. They're people that decide that that's an okay market to be in. And Tim was that type of person. His first few websites were adultoriented called Cams for You and Glams for Whatever. Basically kind of off-brand, you know, adult pornography type websites. He tried a few other things, none of which took off. One of them was like a matchmaking site, so like an Angie's List for trades people. Didn't go anywhere. And ultimately he was about to run out of money. So he went to his dad uh who was a banker in England and said, "Dad, I need some more money to keep trying these business ventures." And his dad said, "Look, this is the last loan I'm going to give you. Here's £10,000 and see what you can do with it." This last shot would be a business called Only Fans. But Only Fans back then was not what Only Fans is today. They actually from the very beginning banned adult content. The idea was basically to be Patreon but on steroids where people connect directly with their fans and basically do business with them. They wanted musicians, artists, creators, all that type of stuff. The creators would keep 80% of the revenue. The platform would take 20%. The problem was there was already a Patreon doing Patreon very well. So the Stokeleys were stuck and eventually they needed to make some money. So in 2017, they quietly lifted the ban on adult content and suddenly adult performers and people in the adult industry flooded the platform and for the first time these creators can earn directly from their audience. No middlemen, no promoters, nobody taking 90% of the cut and they can start to build their own business going directly to their fans. growth is steady. Like they managed to make payroll and keep going, but there's nothing really to grab headlines or to start kind of the snowball of popularity for Only Fans at the time until somebody comes along that sees something in the site and potential that they don't. And in 2018, that man is Leonid Ravinsky. He comes in and he buys 75% of the parent company of Only Fans. Leonid is like a lot of people in the adult industry. Famously quiet and reclusive. He's never given a podcast interview. His photos are rarely found on the internet. Heck, I don't even know if we're going to be able to find one uh when we edit this video. And he's the son of immigrants who'd moved to the US from Ukraine. He got a degree back in 2002 from uh Northwestern, I think it was in Chicago. And his very first business had been well, you guessed it, in the adult industry. One of his subsequent ventures in 2004 was called My Free Cams. And it was basically a site where people could well basically do live streams of their uh well adult stuff. and uh his growth tactics were so extreme and so aggressive that Microsoft eventually sued him on behalf of Hotmail users for the types of growth hacks that he was doing to try to get new people on the platform. After he bought out Only Fans in 2017 2018, Tim stayed on as CEO, but behind the scenes it was Leonid calling the shots and he vision was to turn Only Fans into a hive of pornography. I quoted that that somebody wrote that in my research so I didn't make up that phrase. Almost immediately stuff started to go wrong, but not what you imagine. Uh, what went wrong was on the financial side. In 2019, Metro Bank, who had controlled all the accounts for Only Fans, basically shut down all of their banking services with no notice. Vinsky and his team went crazy to go try to find a new banking relationship. But this was the first message that they were going to be hearing from the financial system. Everybody from the credit card companies to the banks didn't want to be doing business with adultoriented websites and Only Fans was definitely one of those. Then came a lucky break for Only Fans, the COVID pandemic. In March 2020, the world basically shut down. At that moment, I remember that time when the NBA game was cancelled and suddenly we all felt like the world was going to be shutting down very quickly. With everybody trapped in their homes, suddenly Only Fans was poised to explode. In that first month of COVID, the user base grew 75% for Only Fans. Supposedly, they were averaging between 6 and 8,000 new creators per day and over 200,000 new users. The entire adult industry was basically shut down. You couldn't go to gentleman's clubs. You couldn't go outside your house. And people needed an outlet. And they went to Only Fans. In April 2020, they started to make the leap into the mainstream. And part of what did that was Beyonce name dropped Only Fans in a collab she did with Megan the Stallion. Traffic jumped 15% overnight just from that song. Then suddenly the rest of cultural mainstream started to recognize and know about Only Fans. Cardi B, all these different folks started to mention Only Fans in their stuff and it was getting amplified as part of the culture. Then in August 2020, a lady named Bella Thorne signed up for Only Fans. She reportedly made a million dollars in 24 hours and another couple million the next day. She was not selling explicit photos or explicit content. Uh she was charging 200 bucks per message with fans who thought they were messaging with her in order to get copies of explicit photos. But the problem was when they actually went to request the photos and go through the whole thing and paid the money, they just didn't get anything that was X-rated. the longtime creators on the platform kind of tricked and used all of the user base who were expecting one thing and got another. Basically created a ton of refund requests that the uh users asked for their money back when they felt uh well cheated. Only Fans makes money by taking a percentage of each transaction. So when we talk about revenue numbers for it, we're talking about net revenue. Remember most of the money coming in goes straight back out to the creators. YouTube is like this by the way as well. 55% of every dollar you spend on the platform or advertisers pay goes to folks like me. So, thank you for watching. So, net revenue, the percentage take that Only Fans was taking started exploding. In 2020, they did 375 million. In 2021, it was nearly a billion. Only France was printing more money faster than almost any company in history of the internet. And they were doing it all at a crazy scale with a tiny number of people, only 46 employees. But as the platform grew, something else was starting to emerge that was going to be a real problem for it. And this was a shadowy industry that was created around the platform itself. As creators on the platform started to scale, suddenly it was becoming impossible for them to keep up with the flood of what was happening, which was DMs were where the real money was made. People were creating basically parasocial relationships between the creators and the customers. In other words, somebody who had a credit card might think they had a direct relationship with the producer of the content, the star, but in reality, that's not what was happening. What was happening was the scale was so great, the creators couldn't keep up. So, Instep a new type of company. People who had agencies that would go run these accounts on behalf of the creators. In other words, people who thought they were talking directly with the creator were uh basically chatting with who knows who. Some random person with hairy knuckles located in some foreign country who is a uh probably not even the same gender as the creator. So while this person might think they were talking to the creator, in reality they were talking to somebody in the Philippines or Pakistan or India or South America or any place that was different than the creator. And that person might be managing three, four or five relationships at the same time all with one goal. How do they get that person who has the credit card to swipe it as many times as possible thinking they're talking to the real creator? This kind of scamming had its own term uh created by the New York Times. They called it e- pimping. Basically, these folks job was to scam, cheat, lie, and mislead people with credit cards, basically lonely men typically, to swipe it as often as possible. So, you see the problem. What's going on as these agencies emerge? You've got basically relationships that are built totally on a lie. And behind it all is Only Fans taking 20% of each and every one of those scam transactions. So while Only Fans pretended to sell a relationship with a real person, they were selling you basically somebody in a call center trying to get you to open up your wallet as quickly as possible. But then Mastercard, one of the two major credit card networks in the world in 2021, announced a new policy that would make that very difficult. It was called A&5196. And 5196 basically said that any website that was taking masterards that was producing adult content had to go through and examine each and every piece of content before it went out without fail. They required further that each and every producer of content had to have government IDs issued and verified by the platform. Every piece of content, every single person, this all had to be done by October 2021 or platforms like Only Fans would run the risk of not being able to take credit cards anymore. These requirements had a simple goal stated which was they didn't want people to be using these websites to do things like child, you know, exploitation and trafficking of humans for the purpose of uh basically making money because of their bodies and appearance. But it's also worth asking if the real intent behind all of that was making things like Only Fans basically too expensive to operate on the internet. With everything else and a lot of life, there's no such things as black or white answers to stuff. Life is complicated. The ACLU got involved. They basically filed a formal complaint saying that this policy by Mastercard was uh restricting First Amendment uh rights for basically sex workers and uh making it difficult for many of them to earn a living. It's the ACLU after all. Basically, this backed only fans into a corner. At the same time, you had folks like Melon Bank, JP Morgan Chase basically shutting down their ability to move money around in wires. The reality is in America and in most of the world, if you're cut off from the banking system, it makes it incredibly difficult to do almost anything, much less uh you know, you can't even pay your mortgage system. And it's even worse if you're a big business like Only Fans. And they were getting backed into a corner. On August 19th, 2021, they did something pretty crazy. They announced that in October 1st, they would no longer allow adultoriented content to exist on Only Fans. And by this point, like that was the name of the business. That's what the whole business is, is an adult website. They were suddenly saying, "Hey, Only Fans, we're not going to allow any more of that going forward." Stokeley, who was still involved in leading the business, he basically went on media tours and said, "Hey, the banks have forced us to do this. We can't be in the adult business anymore. Creators went and started to look up on other sites like one's called Fansley and stuff like that. Also, never seen that one." Uh, but but in the end, like Tim and his folks said, the reason we have to do this is we have to be connected to the money system to be a business. And here was Only Fans unable to do that. But in a crazy turn of events, 6 days later, Only Fans came out and said, "Well, we're reversing that decision." Suddenly, they had managed to find new banking partners. What had happened in the background was creators and the public had started to pressure the banks. Tim going out and being public about the banks causing the shutdown of adult content had caused all those people who were on both sides of those transactions to put pressures on those banks. In reality, there had been kind of a standoff. Also, those banks, they want to make money. And the way they make money is by having money flow through their system. And here was a big source of that money about to be totally cut off. The reality is all of these kind of shadow industries, ammo, guns, adult content, cannabis, they all exist in kind of a gray area and there's an inherent tension there. The banks and all the financial system, they want to be making money from those transactions. There's a lot of cash there. At the same time, they're getting pressure from the other side, which is like gray area is gray area for a reason. Uh it's sometimes outside the law, and sometimes there's a lot of people in those industries doing not good stuff. And the interesting thing of where America's gone, uh so much of our regulation and expectation about the morality of society is getting not done by the government or by the courts or by the laws or by legislators. It's getting done by the whims and decisions being made by big corporations. And it's kind of crazy if you look at it now. It's become a normal expectation that we expect all these folks who are running businesses to become both the morality and legal police for the American society. Stokeley had had enough. 4 months later he stepped down in December 2021. There was a new CEO for a bit and then in 2023 they brought in a new CEO to run the company. That person well is a lawyer. That person's name is Key Blair and that tells you what's going to be the real battles for Only Fans going forward. Over the next four years, Radvinsky ran the company his way. It was totally out of the way. The company had one mission, and that was to put money in the pocket of Radvinsky. Over the next four years, the company has distributed $1.4 billion in cash to this one man alone. Even after all that distribution, the company was making $46 million per employee. Basically makes it more efficient per employee than almost any other company on the world. I mean, you go look at Google and Microsoft, Salesforce, Tesla, some of the great giant enterprises of the world, like they make nowhere near that. A lot of them are making 200 or 300,000 per employees, not 46 million. Reason is the business model. Only Fans has software that they run. They rent data centers and all they do is just take 20 cents of every dollar that flows through the platform. Creators do all the work creating the stuff. The customers break out their credit cards. While no politician would ever visit their office in the UK for good reason. In total, Only Fans pays more tax than Starbucks, IBM, and Microsoft combined each and every year, 167 million in the past year, for example. But remember the rise of all those kind of agencies that were creating fake relationships on behalf of creators and basically scamming the customers. Well, people started to notice this. Law firms have started to file class action lawsuits. The first few have been dismissed, but more and more are coming in. The public is starting to learn that the whole thing is kind of a scam. But that's not the biggest problem happening. The biggest disruption coming at this next point into 2022 and beyond is AI. On a positive note, the creators using AI scheduling tools and AI automation could stop needing these kind of scammy agencies to come in that were taking 30 to 50% of revenue. On the other half, well, the AI is coming for the creators themselves. You're starting to see the first fully AI generated artificial creators on the platform. People who are basically able now to run entire organizations and entire businesses on Only Fans without any real people involved at all. One platform called Fan View, a competitor to Only Fans, claims already that 15% of its revenue comes from AI generated creators. And one of those creators is named Itana Lopez. She makes €10,000 a month. The problem? Well, she's not actually really a Spanish woman. She's a fiction. She's totally AI generated. So that brings us to 2025. You have this underlying banking problem for Only Fans where there's any moment the possibility that the whole thing gets cut off from the financial institutions. You have this situation where customers are figuring out that the whole thing is basically a scam. You're talking to some call center in Pakistan, not a real person. And the technology is coming where AI promises to basically disrupt the entire thing. And remember, only fans exists because there is a marketplace being made of buyers and sellers. Why are all the buyers there, the viewers? Well, because that's where all the creators are. Where all the creators there? Well, that's because that's where all the buyers are. But when AI comes in and basically cuts all that out, the whole platform risks falling apart. Ravinsky is not stupid. In May 2025, almost a year ago, the news broke that he was exploring selling the business at an $8 billion valuation. If you took the exact numbers of revenue and growth that Only Fans was doing and made it a software company, that business might trade at 15 to 30 times earnings. Here was Radvinsky going out to try to sell it for 12 times earnings. So, Radvinsky was actually trying to sell it at a discount relative to that. But in practice, it would prove to be something else. And in the first kind of bidder to come through was an LA private equity firm. Uh its executives had tried to actually take Only Fans public in a spa a number of years before and that had failed. And here they were trying to put together a deal to buy the company at $8 billion. And a big part of that reason was the adult audience basically and content of the business makes the entire thing untouchable for huge pools of capital uh in the world. If you go look at private equity, hedge funds, a lot of those different types of funds, they are unable to put money into certain types of businesses. And one of those businesses is adult content. So while those folks might be willing to pay huge multiples for Salesforce or Microsoft stock, there's no way they're doing it for Only Fans. And you can see this across the industry for adult businesses. They throw off a ton of cash. Their buyers are few and far between. Pornhub, which is kind of the leading, I guess, YouTube for pornography, uh, basically sold in 2023 for $400 million. Not a huge multiple. Patreon, remember, basically the main street version of Only Fans? Well, it sold for $4 billion in 2021 despite never being profitable. You can see the dichotomy here. The deal with these LA investors, Forest Road at $8 billion. It fell apart. They couldn't put the financing together. Then just last month, the thing that precipitated this video creation was the Wall Street Journal reported that a new firm called Architect Capital had entered the picture and they were going to be paying $5.5 billion to buy Only Fans. Architect is a weird firm. Basically, they play in kind of oddball assets, tech enabled and stuff like Only Fans. The problem is they only have about $100 million under management according to public reports and they had to go find the rest of the money. And as I've watched posts on social media and people talk about this deal and remember Architect mostly does debt. They don't do private equity and they're just an oddball firm. There are people who are out there trying to raise money on their behalf to participate in the deal. And the stuff I read is that they're having a hard time doing it. Almost everybody with allocation or invites to invest in the deal doesn't want to have anything to do for all the reasons I talked about earlier in this video. Even still, Architect and his promoters are saying that they expect to fix the banking problem for Only Fans and the financial kind of Achilles heel that it has and then take the whole thing public in 2028. And look, nobody understands this business better than Ravinsky. He basically has pulled $1.4 billion out in dividends. But he sees all this stuff happening. He's been in the adult business for a very long time. It's crazy that after, you know, pulling out $700 million last year, he's pulling the plug and selling it what is not a very big multiple. And I think the only plausible answer for why he's doing that is cuz he sees all the headwinds and problems that are going to be coming for Only Fans in the future. And look, that's a pattern you see amongst really smart investors. They know to get out when the getting's good. And you saw that in my video that I did on Blockbuster. In fact, Blockbuster was sold twice by billionaires who knew exactly when to get out because they knew the future wasn't as bright as it had been when they got it. And to me, I think that's the big lesson of Only Fans. Well, there's probably two lessons. The first one is, look, there's a lot of money out there to be made if you're willing to compromise your values and ethics. For me, it's not worth it. I'd rather be broke than be in some of these businesses that people get in. But the second thing I think is, you know, you as a business owner, you as an investor, you have to pay attention to what's going around you and your business in the world. And in the case of Only Fans here, you see some folks doing exactly the right move, which is well, they're going to get out when they get good. And uh the future is not so bright for that business. All right. Hopefully I navigated being able to present uh the wild business story of Only Fans in a way that won't get me cancelled. We'll see how I did. Let me know in the comments below. Catch you next time. So, hey, this is Michael about 3 weeks after I recorded the video about Only Fans because yesterday they announced that Leonid Redvinsky, the guy behind it and the key figure in the story, he died at age 43 from cancer. And it's kind of a a fascinating day to the whole thing to be very Frenchy in using a word. But the reality is I think it is a fascinating testament to the idea that we on the outside and I built that whole video like feeling like I had researched a lot about Only Fans and knowing about it, but in reality there was a key data point like I didn't know like the guy was putting the business up for sale because he was dying. and maybe he kept that pretty close to himself. But in the end, I think that's a big life lesson and a big business lesson. Especially when you're dealing with competitors or partners or employees and tough situations. There's always stuff you don't know about the story. And uh that was a perfect case and point here. Even still, I think the rise and fall is a compelling story. So, hope you enjoyed it, but wanted to add this little bit extra before we published it. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-Girdley [44 likes]: Get the exclusive business breakdown from this video → https://girdley.com/youtube
  2. @ModernDayRenaissanceMan [1 likes]: I can't believe in a world of free porn that people have paid for it. 

It's almost like some people WANT to be stupid.
  3. @memyselfandi9365: L.Radvinsky is an Epstein class purveyor of filth just like the owner of porn hub Solomon Friedman, and would you believe it, an ordained Canadian rabbi...
No I'm not joking.
  4. @MadsThorlund: This video is way too early. OnlyFans hasn't fallen yet at all what the hell. Second video of yours thats just full of bullshit. Unsubscribed.
  5. @saahir68: Filth
  6. @Milan-ng8dt: Well done, nice ethics.
  7. @joelthomas79: This is a genius idea. 💡 Go take a nice hike and talk in depth about a business. The foliage and topography looks like Texas, you’re wearing a hoodie, so…maybe hill country.
  8. @Regalert: But RISE-AND-FALL is their business, isn't it?😅
  9. @andrewkuplevakhskyi3562: Thanks for the video. Please, use true, Ukrainian, names of cities, not the ruzzia-colonised ones. Odesa, not Odessa.
  10. @landofthesilverpath5823: Interesting how so many of the owners of the adult industry are, well, Jewish.
  11. @CheswickYouKnow: 5:39 No pun intended!?! 😂🎉
  12. @falsfire: Hi Michael, greetings from north of the 49th. I thought I'd share an interesting semi-related story here that you might not have heard of down in the US, even though the cause of this is from the US...

So one of the largest chains of vape retailers in this part of Canada, is a company called Fat Panda. When vaping became no longer a gray area and legal/regulated here, Fat Panda quickly emerged as one of the biggest, at least in this part of Canada. Most locations, best selection, best prices, best loyalty programs, etc.

When cannabis was federally legalized for recreational use (2017), Fat Panda branched into selling cannabis products at some locations too, since they could now legally do so. (but a fun fact there, they had to have a separate POS terminal to use for cannabis transactions, like only that station could do it, and that station couldn't do non-cannabis transactions...not sure why).

And then, quietly, around a year and a half or maybe a year ago, they stopped selling cannabis (despite the stores signs still having 'CANNABIS' and the marijuana leaf displayed prominently). When I asked the clerk why, she said it was something to do with a US investor...

So, some investor (probably a hedge fund) in the US invested heavily in this successful Canadian business, and then put pressure on them to stop selling cannabis. Because in Canada, cannabis transactions can legally use the banking system, so it's not like how in some US states that are legalized, the transactions must be in cash and the stores have to physically transport that cash to and from the bank (a huge security risk, obviously).

So my guess is, the US investor or hedge fund, maybe ran into issues receiving their dividends from Fat Panda because the company sells cannabis (even though it's based in, located in, and operated in a foreign country with different laws).

And now Fat Panda's business has massively declined (a close friend works there, so I hear from her all the time about it), as many of their regular vape customers, who found it convenient that they could buy cannabis too at the same store, have taken their cannabis and vape business elsewhere, for convenience.
  13. @RianRizvi: The ending is a great lesson. Most of the time we are fitting only our concocted version of the world onto what we see, to try to move ourselves further, and IRL it gets likes and dislikes. We don't deal in truth.
  14. @opheliaz-bricker5679: This is a sad ending. All the money can't buy him more time to live.
  15. @UbbaKCliff: You forgot nairobi. That’s where most are located
  16. @brad9529: I bet you sat in the shower and prayed after making this video. If you can't treat a serious industry seriously without your bigited attitude then you shouldn't be reporting on it.
  17. @jakenkid: What a scumbag. Saying these people are compromising their morals and values...? Not, fuck you! They are compromising YOUR morals and values. People don't go against their values. People just do things based on their own morals.

It's sad and pathetic of you to apply YOUR morals and values to other people.

What a sad existence.
  18. @filipbajic7244: Fall my ass…
  19. @truckdrivinggamer: I was checking out an OF page recently, looked like they wanted $12 a month to see 1 girl naked. It just seems crazy in the US, might make more sense in England where I think prostitution is legal so that $12 a month for 1 girl could go somewhere like a strip club at a brothel.
  20. @OrchidPapi: I thought 💭 the owner is now dead 💀 scary 😱 story there! Possibly connected to a government intelligence agency

- Just found out my wife cheated on ONLY FANS. Was she playing a part or was this real?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Story one just found out that my wife cheated with a promoter and it's my fault advice just found out that my wife cheated on only fans was she playing a part or was this real first let me start by saying that I'm an idiot my wife and I knew a girl that was making crazy money on only fans and I asked her how she was doing that I just had a medical emergency and couldn't work so it seemed like it could help she spoke to my wife and ultimately I asked should we do this I ended up not wanting to be involved but told my wife I trusted her to run her only fans stupid I know anyway some guy on Reddit reaches out to her and claims to be a promoter he has his own subreddit and says that he's helped other girls make a lot of money on only fans he asks her if she wants promotion and if so to write his Instagram name on her but for verification she decided to take him up on his offer because she was struggling to get subscribers she sends the picture and he immediately asks her let me fly you to Canada and asks her to have SX she responds there's a difference between finding someone attractive and physically cheating on my husband he says I respect that then the next day sends a gif of him getting a bj and says I'm imagining you doing this and my wife responded saying she was good at it the sxting starts to increase he sends another picture talking about a foot job and my wife said I'd rather do that with my husband my wife didn't send him full frontal but she did send him a picture of her chest with her nipples covered with Emojis and the caption come on these this was after he made a comment about as seeking her feet this is where things take a turn he starts asking her for feet pictures he then says that he's pring to her feet and sends a video of what he likes she then takes the video of her feet and gives him jerk off instructions this happened right after we were intimate she claims that she felt horrible after doing that she had a fake Snapchat for Alin and he did call that to talk about his YouTube feed idea I did not find out about him I knew she was having friendly conversations with one person on Reddit and of course she had es shual conversations on only fans I originally saw the messages with the other Reddit guy it wasn't ASU outside of the guy asking does size matter and him venting about his ex I was still mad she came clean about the promoter but she didn't remember all of the details she did tell me that she gave him Joi which hurt but I appreciated the truth she claims she always brought me up he asked her to do DP and that I could be included she said I'd much rather do that with just my husband we live in the US so I don't think they would have ever met she claims she saw more pictures of him and didn't find him attractive she didn't have any feelings for him she didn't want him she said she was playing a part just like anov she was in an alin's group chat on Reddit and they said to take interest in your promoter's life she said she assumed sxting Etc was his payment she she did admit that she escalated to the Joi that she thought if he liked her more he'd promote her more she did admit that she got a self-esteem boost and likeed that but had no feelings for him she deleted only fans Reddit and all her social media I should have set boundaries I'm torn and don't know what to think help read her comment you asked her to be at SX worker and you are surprised she SX dead people original poster yes surprised that she SX did a person who is and was not on read her comment she knew what she was doing and haot it for you greater than just found out that my wife cheated with the promoter and it's my fault advice she cheated outside of the only f for no monetary gain from this guy set boundaries make an only fan make money off of videos and Chats on only fan if you aren't doing that and are doing more you're cheating she cheated she felt guilty because of what he wasn't attractive you didn't even see the videos they sent each other you didn't even see the combo you only know what she told you but the best part he let wanted her to do this without you none if this makes sense you both need better communicating Partners original poster I saw the feed video she sent him he got pissed and posted a bunch of stuff here on Reddit that's about it though read her comment your wife was drip feeding playing hard ball negotiations and for the right price or promises she would do more maybe even the BJ Story 2 intrusive thoughts of D-Day over a year later on Halloween night of 2021 I found out my girlfriend at the time was cheating on me I had known for a while but had no proof and she gasted me pretty hard on a lot of things and somehow the stress of everything had led to Nightly panic attacks for the previous 4 months basically how I found out I was right was she asked me to come over to watch her dog while she went to her Grandma's birthday party I said sure but needed a way to do schoolwork as I was in school at the time and she said I could use her laptop I go to work come back to her apartment take care of her dog go to do my schoolwork and boom she's left her text messages open on her computer with her APS exting back and forward planning a getaway for Halloween I couldn't breathe and was literally clutching my chest I told her I knew she was cheating while I was at it but just needed to get out of that apartment she said no she said if I leave I would be killing her dog and said some sht in about how she knew I didn't care about the dog and she said she'd be back in a few days and to just use the NyQuil in the medicine cabinet to knock myself out until she got back but to make sure I was waking up to take care of the dog I'm going to get some Flack for this but I was an idiot and did as instructed because I actually care a lot about animals and I did have the only key to her apartment meaning if I left I would have had to leave it unlocked so I spent the next few days chugging NyQuil not able to eat or drink and just taking care of this dog needless to say we broke up when she got back she also got rid of that dog because it was inconvenience to her her AP apparently left her 3 weeks after and she tried to come back but nope I was honestly pretty all right for a good chunk of the last year and change just don't put me in any small apartments and leave don't take me anywhere near her particular apartment and I've been avoiding dating sites to avoid seeing her and because I'm not ready despite having a friends with benefit something about the way I knew it had all blown up after I left and how a lot of things now made sense made it feel tolerable even if I was still very angry and out of nowhere two months ago I started having occasional intrusive thoughts about D-Day in particular the exact moments of finding those texts I'd start to get sick and feel shaky but it dissipates unfortunately though it's gotten worse and it's now at this point where basically every other day those thoughts come in and I just end up feeling so godamn ill I just wanted to stop but I don't know how I also don't know why this intrusive thought started so far after the inciting incident read her comment did you feel better writing this post sometimes writing down all the details and feelings can help you can throw it away or delete afterward it's just the unloading of information that can help could also help to talk with someone like a counselor or therapist original poster a bit yeah wish I could afford a therapist counselor read or comment sorry you are going through this hang in there I deal with intrusive thoughts daily it did help me a bit to read the book overcoming unwanted intrusive thoughts it doesn't talk much about infidelity but it gets into the science about how the brain has intrusive thoughts and ways to combat them makes you feel much more normal understanding why it happens and that it happens to everyone Story 3 f29 cheats on m29 reconciled despite huge red flags 29 Fahrenheit partner cheated on me about 5 years ago we got back together since that time there were three other incidents that occurred two were excused because nothing technically happened and I only consider the third a slip up because the first two things happen and I see it as part of a pattern anyway I got access to her messages recently at first for legit reasons but then I came back because I found red flags in the form of text messages they were not incriminating directly though given the context I think they are bad then it just sorts of clicked and I realized that everything I know about the cheating came through her and my entire understanding of what had occurred came through her and I was maybe wrong to think that nothing happened and maybe she only told me that at the time to Plate me I have since indirectly asked about a few things without giving away what I read and she claimed I should just get over it things were 5 years ago and that she cannot remember that long ago of course her tone had a more the statute of limitations as expired on this type of tone than somebody who was legitimately dealing with me on an emotional level type of tone anyway I realized that I don't even want to confront her with new information because she'll just deny it and I don't want to get yelled and I feel like I have more self resect than to give her yet another opportunity to lie to my face I realize that I am not in a good place I also realize that I have had these negative feelings about her for a while she's not the worst partner ever there are many good things about us it's part of the reason I have stuck it out with her for so long but I just can't keep lying to myself anymore it's obvious she cheated more than she admitted to and it's obvious our values regarding SX are way different it just feels good to admit to myself that I am not crazy and that my feelings about her are correct thanks for listening read her comments comment what are you going to do I get the impression that you rug swept in the past and allowed yourself to be trickle truth original poster I don't know what I'm going to do I mean I'm probably going to do nothing about it for a bit and just try to focus on getting my personal life outside of her more functional I mean the SX itself I don't really care about that if it really was just SX I would be comparatively okay with that but being lied to really hurts and having certain relationship expectations put on me hurts edit like I can forgive the SX but I can't forgive being lied to I have some appointments booked I have some things to keep me occupied it should be okay I mean she obviously has some toxic ass stuff going on so I'm just going to focus on keeping my own psyche good like we clearly have very different values her shtt questionable values and my somewhat more reasonable values I'm more than a little angry but even now I'm just thinking it's not worth it to tank my mental health over someone who is a pretty obvious ass thanks for listening read her comment I wish you all the best but honestly after I read that she cheated on you 5 years ago and then another three times since and you still stay I just stopped reading leave and work on your self-esteem and find a partner that won't cheat on you story four husbands as victims I am a mid-40s male married since my late 20s to a similarly aged woman we have issues our marriage has issues one marriage issue I have had all marriage long is definitely the infrequency of SX dating we were not ex active for several months then overly exually active for several years but we stopped penetration for many years before for being married for reference a whole never been on the table not once my primary love language is physical touch and therefore SX is one of the top ways I feel of she has little interest in SX I Now understand that females with her past traumas typically end up with this low valuation of SX during marriage still actions speak louder than words so hearing I love use early in our marriage I would ask for SX pretty much every night the rejection was Swift and constant we would only have SX maybe once a month a really good month would be three times she seems baz over me not getting SX because as a guy I can touch myself right however by month three of our marriage I was having issues touching myself to fantasies involving my wife because the constant rejection I get aroused easily so I would take matters into my own hands where I start playing out a fantasy with her so make myself finish except it would soon hit me like a bomb she does not want to have SX with me that realization usually would end the erect I have a past with PRN addiction plus I prefer not to ftiz about other women and now the only woman safe to fanatiz about is not going to happen therefore touching myself during my marriage comes with more things to be guilty about and oh yeah middle age is a son of B so erections are not so easy to come by anymore so SX in our marriage has always been infrequent at best where it was almost always me willing to have it every day but we only had SX when she would agree two willing partners that is what SX is supposed to be right recently it struck me about An Occurrence early in our marriage we lived in a certain dwell in for the first few years of marriage and I know my memory is from there I really do not remember why I did not want to have SX that night upset with her about something wasn't in the mood already took care of myself tired needed to get up early for work etc but regardless it was one of the very rare nights I was not interested but this night she wanted SX and I did not then it happened when she was rebuffed that's fine she quipped it was not an understanding statement from a wife who understood what it was like to not want SX on a night their partner desired it no this statement dripped with attitude and was a threat I took it as sure sign that if I thought SX between us was rare before tonight then just watch out if she does not get what she wants tonight as a woman scorned SX is going to get less frequent soon and will remain so for a long time my wife does not forgive and forget she harbors and festers her pain do not get me started on that it was not hard to imagine her suppressing any desires she had for SX and future out of spite she is also a manipulator and I have always been easily manipulated all my life anyways after her threat I relented and had SX with her that night my memory is awful and yet still over a decade later that night in her words linger recently the memory of that night came to mind and it hit me that it was really not right not right is in like guu coercion not right could it be even maybe even more not really sure yet so what do you say Reddit seems rare for husbands to claim to be victims when SX is involved but why is a man's know any less valid than a woman's now looking for a divorce from her RIT permission to go off the reservation I have not touched another woman or had any emotional relationships with other women since long before we were married I have no intents to break my marriage vows now coming to Reddit to see if there is validation for the way I am feeling about this incident already bracing for the negative feedback reader comment I would send your gender theories to the trash bin and focus on what really matters here you are an sxs marriage and have acknowledged being manipulated by your wife throughout your time together so why are you still married to her read or comment I'm going to be real with you no one man or woman is going to be condemned by Outsiders as being exually abusive coercive over saying the phrase that's fine when being turned down for SX if we were to make inferences about the tone or subtext we'd just be talking out of our asses but you have experienced real pain in your marriage and you don't have to just suck it up

- She Started OnlyFans… Then Someone Sent a Photo She Never Took: Kind: captions Language: en The eviction notice changed my life in ways&nbsp; I never could have predicted. Arriving on&nbsp;&nbsp; an ordinary Tuesday morning, while my coffee&nbsp; was still brewing and my 7-year-old daughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; Emma, was fighting with her cereal spoon, I&nbsp; held that thin piece of paper in my hands,&nbsp;&nbsp; reading the same words over and over, trying&nbsp; to make them mean something different. Rent&nbsp;&nbsp; increase of $400 monthly, effective in 30 days.&nbsp; $400 might as well have been $4,000 given my bank&nbsp;&nbsp; account balance and the child support payments&nbsp; that had stopped coming 6 months ago when my&nbsp;&nbsp; ex-husband Marcus decided that relocating to&nbsp; Nevada without telling anyone was an acceptable&nbsp;&nbsp; life choice. I worked at Riverside Dental on the&nbsp; east side of Seattle, a small practice where I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; been a hygienist for almost 9 years. The pay&nbsp; was decent enough to cover our basic needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; keep Emma in her elementary school, maintain&nbsp; our modest two-bedroom apartment in a building&nbsp;&nbsp; that had seen better decades. Dr. Patterson was&nbsp; kind, the hours were predictable, and I'd built&nbsp;&nbsp; a routine that felt safe and manageable. But $400&nbsp; more per month would shatter that careful balance&nbsp;&nbsp; completely. Emma had already been through so much&nbsp; with the divorce, watching her father pack his&nbsp;&nbsp; things and leave without explanation, adjusting&nbsp; to weekends that never included him anymore,&nbsp;&nbsp; learning to stop asking when daddy would visit.&nbsp; The school she attended was three blocks from&nbsp;&nbsp; our apartment, walking distance on days when the&nbsp; weather cooperated, and she'd made friends there&nbsp;&nbsp; who actually came to her birthday parties and&nbsp; invited her to theirs. Uprooting her again felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like a cruelty I couldn't justify. Another failure&nbsp; in a growing list of ways I hadn't been able to&nbsp;&nbsp; protect her from life's disruptions. My friend&nbsp; Rachel mentioned it casually during our weekly&nbsp;&nbsp; video call. The way you mention a new restaurant&nbsp; or a sale at Target. She'd been supplementing her&nbsp;&nbsp; income through online content creation for about&nbsp; 6 months. Nothing too revealing. She insisted just&nbsp;&nbsp; tasteful photos that helped her pay off her credit&nbsp; card debt and start saving for a real vacation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rachel had always been more adventurous than&nbsp; me, more comfortable with her body, more willing&nbsp;&nbsp; to take risks I found terrifying. But when she&nbsp; mentioned the monthly numbers, my hand froze on&nbsp;&nbsp; my wine glass. The decision took three sleepless&nbsp; nights of calculations and rationalizations. I&nbsp;&nbsp; researched extensively, reading through forums&nbsp; and guides, learning about privacy settings and&nbsp;&nbsp; digital security, understanding the difference&nbsp; between platforms and their various protection&nbsp;&nbsp; levels. I created new email addresses, chose a&nbsp; username that bore no resemblance to my real name,&nbsp;&nbsp; and invested in a cheap laptop that would never&nbsp; connect to my work network or personal accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp; The VPN software felt like overkill at first, but&nbsp; every article I read emphasized the importance of&nbsp;&nbsp; layers between your real life and your online&nbsp; presence. My content was deliberately conservative&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to what flooded these platforms. Lingerie&nbsp; photos taken in careful angles. Workout clothes&nbsp;&nbsp; that showed my figure without revealing anything&nbsp; explicit. The kind of images that could almost&nbsp;&nbsp; pass as fitness content if you squinted and used&nbsp; your imagination. I never showed my face clearly,&nbsp;&nbsp; always shooting from angles that captured my body&nbsp; while keeping my identity obscured. The bedroom&nbsp;&nbsp; I used for photos was decorated specifically&nbsp; for filming with neutral sheets and generic&nbsp;&nbsp; decorations that bore no resemblance to. my actual&nbsp; bedroom where Emma's crayon drawings decorated&nbsp;&nbsp; my nightstand and stuffed animals occasionally&nbsp; invaded my pillow space. Within 6 weeks, I was&nbsp;&nbsp; making enough to cover the rent increase with some&nbsp; left over for Emma's birthday present and a visit&nbsp;&nbsp; to the dentist I'd been postponing. The guilt&nbsp; noded at me during parent teacher conferences,&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting there in my conservative blouse and&nbsp; cardigan while Miss Henderson praised Emma's&nbsp;&nbsp; progress. in reading, knowing that I'd been&nbsp; up until 2:00 in the morning the night before&nbsp;&nbsp; taking photos in my underwear for strangers on&nbsp; the internet. But Emma's school supply list was&nbsp;&nbsp; fully checked off for the first time in 2 years,&nbsp; and I'd managed to buy her new sneakers without&nbsp;&nbsp; having to choose between that and groceries. The&nbsp; building where we lived was one of those 1970s&nbsp;&nbsp; constructions that had been minimally maintained&nbsp; over the decades with thin walls that transmitted&nbsp;&nbsp; every conversation and footstep, a shared laundry&nbsp; room in the basement that always smelled vaguely&nbsp;&nbsp; of mildew and a landlord who fixed things only&nbsp; when legally compelled. Carl had lived in the&nbsp;&nbsp; apartment directly below ours for almost 7 years&nbsp; according to the building manager, a quiet man in&nbsp;&nbsp; his mid-40s who worked from home doing something&nbsp; technical with computers. Our interactions had&nbsp;&nbsp; always been minimal and polite, the kind of&nbsp; neighborly relationship that consisted entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; of brief hallway greetings and apologizing when&nbsp; Emma's bouncing disrupted his ceiling. The shift&nbsp;&nbsp; in his behavior was subtle enough at first that&nbsp; I convinced myself I was imagining it. He started&nbsp;&nbsp; appearing in the hallway more frequently, always&nbsp; seeming to check his mail right when I was leaving&nbsp;&nbsp; for work, watering the same potted plant by his&nbsp; door multiple times as I carried groceries up&nbsp;&nbsp; the stairs. His offers to help became more&nbsp; persistent, insisting on carrying my bags&nbsp;&nbsp; even when I clearly had them handled, asking&nbsp; questions about my schedule that felt slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; too detailed for casual conversation. Then he&nbsp; mentioned how tired I looked one morning, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I must have stayed up late again, and something&nbsp; about the knowing tone in his voice made my skin&nbsp;&nbsp; crawl. He couldn't possibly know about my late&nbsp; night activities," I told myself. Plenty of single&nbsp;&nbsp; mothers looked tired. But when he commented on my&nbsp; new curtains a week later, curtains I'd installed&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically in my filming room and nowhere else&nbsp; visible from outside, my heart began racing in a&nbsp;&nbsp; way that had nothing to do with climbing stairs.&nbsp; The encounters escalated with a deliberateness&nbsp;&nbsp; that felt choreographed. Carl began shopping&nbsp; at the same grocery store I used, appearing in&nbsp;&nbsp; my aisle with a cart that was always suspiciously&nbsp; empty, making comments about my food choices that&nbsp;&nbsp; felt invasive rather than friendly. He joined&nbsp; the small gym I'd been attending for 3 years,&nbsp;&nbsp; a place I'd specifically chosen because it was far&nbsp; from my neighborhood and work. Yet there he was on&nbsp;&nbsp; the treadmill next to mine, talking about workout&nbsp; routines while his eyes traveled across my body in&nbsp;&nbsp; a way that made me want to shower immediately.&nbsp; The breaking point arrived on a Saturday when&nbsp;&nbsp; Emma was at a birthday party and I was finally&nbsp; enjoying a rare afternoon alone. Carl knocked&nbsp;&nbsp; on my door holding a package, claiming it had been&nbsp; delivered to his apartment by mistake. But when I&nbsp;&nbsp; reached for it, he held it back slightly, stepping&nbsp; closer into my doorway uninvited. That's when he&nbsp;&nbsp; said something that turned my blood to ice water.&nbsp; He mentioned a small birthark on my left hip,&nbsp;&nbsp; describing its exact shape and location, saying&nbsp; I should really have a doctor look at it because&nbsp;&nbsp; it seemed irregular. That birthmark was always&nbsp; covered by my everyday clothes, invisible in any&nbsp;&nbsp; casual context. The only place it appeared was&nbsp; in certain photos I'd posted online. Photos that&nbsp;&nbsp; were carefully cropped to never show my face, my&nbsp; apartment, or any identifying features. I'd been&nbsp;&nbsp; so careful about backgrounds, checking every&nbsp; reflection, ensuring nothing personal was ever&nbsp;&nbsp; visible. But somehow, this man who lived one floor&nbsp; below me had connected my online presence to my&nbsp;&nbsp; real identity with enough certainty to bring it up&nbsp; in casual conversation. I shut the door so quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; I nearly caught his fingers in it, my hands&nbsp; shaking as I turned every lock and leaned against&nbsp;&nbsp; the wood, trying to breathe normally while my mind&nbsp; raced through every possible explanation. Maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; he'd seen me at the community pool last summer.&nbsp; But no, I always wore a one piece that covered&nbsp;&nbsp; that area. Maybe through my window somehow, but my&nbsp; blinds were always closed when I changed and the&nbsp;&nbsp; angle from his apartment wouldn't work anyway.&nbsp; The more I searched for innocent explanations,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more the awful truth settled into my bones&nbsp; like concrete. I spent the next hour examining&nbsp;&nbsp; every photo and video I'd ever posted with&nbsp; microscopic attention, zooming in on backgrounds,&nbsp;&nbsp; checking for reflections in windows or mirrors,&nbsp; looking for any detail that might have given&nbsp;&nbsp; me away. My face was always obscured or&nbsp; cut from frame. I'd been meticulous about&nbsp;&nbsp; that. The furniture in my filming area was&nbsp; completely different from my actual bedroom.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd used different sheets, different decorations,&nbsp; creating a space that bore no resemblance to where&nbsp;&nbsp; I actually lived. Then I remembered something&nbsp; that made my stomach drop. About 3 weeks ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd splurged on expensive emerald green sheets,&nbsp; the kind of luxury I normally couldn't justify,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they'd been on sale, and I was feeling&nbsp; optimistic about my earnings. I'd used them&nbsp;&nbsp; in one video before transferring them to&nbsp; my actual bed because they were too nice&nbsp;&nbsp; to save only for filming. and Carl had commented&nbsp; on them just last week, mentioning through my door&nbsp;&nbsp; when I didn't answer. Quickly enough that he'd&nbsp; noticed I'd gotten new bedding that emerald was&nbsp;&nbsp; a good color for me. That night, after Emma fell&nbsp; asleep, clutching her favorite stuffed elephant,&nbsp;&nbsp; I sat at my kitchen table, staring at my&nbsp; laptop screen, trying to understand how&nbsp;&nbsp; this was possible. I'd been so careful. I'd read&nbsp; all the guides, followed all the recommendations,&nbsp;&nbsp; maintained strict separation between my&nbsp; online presence and my real life. Yet somehow,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone had bridged that gap, had been watching me&nbsp; closely, enough to make connections I'd believed&nbsp;&nbsp; were impossible to make. The router incident&nbsp; happened purely by accident while I was trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix Emma's tablet that kept disconnecting from&nbsp; the internet. I never bothered checking the router&nbsp;&nbsp; settings before, assuming that the basic password&nbsp; the internet company provided was sufficient.&nbsp;&nbsp; But while troubleshooting Emma's connection&nbsp; issue, I navigated to the device list and saw&nbsp;&nbsp; something that made my breath catch in my throat.&nbsp; There were the expected connections. My phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; my laptop, Emma's tablet, the smart TV we barely&nbsp; used. But at the bottom of the list was an entry&nbsp;&nbsp; labeled only as device hidden with an IP address&nbsp; I didn't recognize. According to the router logs,&nbsp;&nbsp; this device had been connected to my network for&nbsp; almost 4 months, consuming enormous amounts of&nbsp;&nbsp; upload bandwidth during specific hours. Hours that&nbsp; coincided exactly with my filming schedule. I took&nbsp;&nbsp; screenshots of everything. My hands trembling so&nbsp; badly I had to attempt several captures before&nbsp;&nbsp; getting clear images. The bandwidth usage graphs&nbsp; showed massive data transfers happening during my&nbsp;&nbsp; late night sessions, gigabytes of information&nbsp; flowing from my network to somewhere else.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whatever this device was, it wasn't just passively&nbsp; connected. It was actively transmitting something,&nbsp;&nbsp; recording and uploading data in real time.&nbsp; The police station was surprisingly busy for&nbsp;&nbsp; a Sunday morning filled with people, reporting&nbsp; stolen packages and noise complaints and minor&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic accidents. The officer at the front&nbsp; desk looked about my age, but exhausted in a&nbsp;&nbsp; way that suggested multiple double shifts. And&nbsp; when I started trying to explain about online&nbsp;&nbsp; content creation and mysterious devices on my&nbsp; network, I could see her attention sharpening&nbsp;&nbsp; from routine boredom to genuine concern. Officer&nbsp; Daniels brought me to a back office, and called&nbsp;&nbsp; in Detective Reeves, a man who looked like he'd&nbsp; spent the last decade staring at computer screens&nbsp;&nbsp; and hating every minute of it. He examined&nbsp; my router screenshots with an expression that&nbsp;&nbsp; grew increasingly grim, asking detailed questions&nbsp; about my apartment layout, my filming locations,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when I'd first noticed Carl's behavioral&nbsp; changes. When I mentioned the birthmark comment,&nbsp;&nbsp; his jaw tightened in a way that told me he'd&nbsp; seen cases like this before and knew exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; where it was heading. "This signature," he said,&nbsp; pointing at the bandwidth patterns on his screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; matches hidden camera setups we've encountered&nbsp; in previous investigations. small devices,&nbsp;&nbsp; battery powered or hardwired, that connect to the&nbsp; victim's own Wi-Fi network to transmit footage in&nbsp;&nbsp; real time. The person watching doesn't even need&nbsp; to physically retrieve the device. They just sit&nbsp;&nbsp; in their apartment and watch everything on their&nbsp; computer screen. The words hit me like physical&nbsp;&nbsp; blows. Everything. My bedroom, my bathroom, my&nbsp; private moments with Emma. Every conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; and vulnerable second of my life for the past 4&nbsp; months had potentially been broadcast directly&nbsp;&nbsp; to Carl's apartment one floor below. The violation&nbsp; felt so complete and overwhelming that I actually&nbsp;&nbsp; bent forward in my chair trying not to vomit&nbsp; on Detective Reeves's desk. We arranged for&nbsp;&nbsp; officers to come to my apartment that afternoon&nbsp; with detection equipment, timing it for when Emma&nbsp;&nbsp; would still be at her friend's house for another&nbsp; few hours. I couldn't bear the thought of her&nbsp;&nbsp; being there during the search, seeing her mother's&nbsp; life exposed in this way, learning that our home&nbsp;&nbsp; had been compromised by someone we trusted enough&nbsp; to exchange hallway pleasantries with for years.&nbsp;&nbsp; The detection device looked like something&nbsp; from a science fiction movie, a handheld unit&nbsp;&nbsp; with various sensors and a screen that displayed&nbsp; heat signatures and wireless signals. Detective&nbsp;&nbsp; Reeves moved through my apartment methodically,&nbsp; starting with the living room, where the device&nbsp;&nbsp; emitted occasional beeps near electronics, which&nbsp; he assured me was normal interference. Emma's room&nbsp;&nbsp; was clear, thank God, showing no unusual&nbsp; signals. But when we entered my bedroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; the device began shrieking with an intensity that&nbsp; made all of us freeze. He traced the signal to&nbsp;&nbsp; the air conditioning vent on the wall opposite&nbsp; my bed, the vent I'd barely noticed in all the&nbsp;&nbsp; time I'd lived there, assuming it was just part of&nbsp; the building's climate system. Using a screwdriver&nbsp;&nbsp; from my kitchen drawer, Detective Reeves carefully&nbsp; removed the cover. And there it was, a device&nbsp;&nbsp; no larger than a car key fob with a tiny lens&nbsp; barely visible among the vent slats positioned&nbsp;&nbsp; perfectly to capture everything that happened in&nbsp; my bedroom. The camera was connected to a small&nbsp;&nbsp; battery pack and a Wi-Fi transmitter, all wedged&nbsp; into the vent space where I'd never thought to&nbsp;&nbsp; look. Detective Reeves bagged the evidence with&nbsp; gloved hands, his expression professionally,&nbsp;&nbsp; neutral, but his movements sharp with barely&nbsp; contained anger while he worked on his laptop,&nbsp;&nbsp; tracing the devices transmission history. I sat&nbsp; on Emma's bed in her room, staring at her wall of&nbsp;&nbsp; crayon drawings in school, certificates, trying&nbsp; to process the reality that every private moment&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd had. In my own bedroom for months, had been&nbsp; watched by the man who lived below us. The IP&nbsp;&nbsp; address trail led exactly where we all knew it&nbsp; would. Carl's apartment, one floor down, where&nbsp;&nbsp; he'd been receiving a live feed of my bedroom&nbsp; broadcast directly to his computer. Detective&nbsp;&nbsp; Reeves showed me the data logs, timestamps&nbsp; that corresponded with my filming sessions,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also with ordinary moments, sleeping and&nbsp; changing clothes, and having phone conversations&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd believed were private. Carl had been&nbsp; watching everything, not just my online content,&nbsp;&nbsp; but my actual life, collapsing the boundary I'd&nbsp; worked so hard to maintain. The arrest happened&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly once they had the evidence. I watched&nbsp; from my window as multiple officers entered the&nbsp;&nbsp; building. And within 20 minutes, they were leading&nbsp; Carl out in handcuffs. He looked up at my window&nbsp;&nbsp; as they guided him toward the patrol car. And the&nbsp; expression on his face wasn't shame or fear. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was disappointment, like I'd ruined something he'd&nbsp; been enjoying, spoiled some entertainment he'd&nbsp;&nbsp; felt entitled to. The search of Carl's apartment&nbsp; revealed details that still haunt my sleep.&nbsp;&nbsp; Three monitors in his bedroom, one dedicated&nbsp; entirely to the feed from my apartment, running&nbsp;&nbsp; 24 hours a day. External hard drives containing&nbsp; hundreds of hours of footage, organized by date,&nbsp;&nbsp; an activity with labels that made me physically&nbsp; ill to read. But the worst discovery was what&nbsp;&nbsp; they found in a locked folder on his computer&nbsp; comparison files where he'd matched my online&nbsp;&nbsp; content with the illegally recorded footage using&nbsp; facial recognition software and detailed notes&nbsp;&nbsp; to confirm his suspicions about my identity.&nbsp; He'd been building a comprehensive profile of&nbsp;&nbsp; my life documenting my schedule down to 15minute&nbsp; increments noting when Emma left for school and&nbsp;&nbsp; returned when I showered and worked out and slept.&nbsp; There were spreadsheets tracking my movements,&nbsp;&nbsp; notes about my routines, even speculation about&nbsp; my income and expenses. The detective said his&nbsp;&nbsp; level of organization suggested obsessive behavior&nbsp; that had likely been building for months before&nbsp;&nbsp; he'd worked up the courage to install the camera.&nbsp; The legal process moved faster than I'd expected.&nbsp;&nbsp; Carl's lawyer tried to negotiate a plea deal,&nbsp; but the evidence was overwhelming and undeniable.&nbsp;&nbsp; The camera, the footage, the detailed logs,&nbsp; all of it pointed to months of premeditated&nbsp;&nbsp; surveillance and stalking. He received 18&nbsp; months in prison, 3 years probation afterward,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a permanent restraining order that legally&nbsp; prevented him from coming within 500 ft of M or me&nbsp;&nbsp; for the rest of his life. I moved us out of that&nbsp; building within a week, finding a new apartment&nbsp;&nbsp; across the city in a building with actual&nbsp; security cameras in the hallways and a landlord&nbsp;&nbsp; who actually responded to maintenance requests.&nbsp; The new place costs more than I wanted to pay,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it had solid doors and windows that&nbsp; locked properly and neighbors who minded&nbsp;&nbsp; their own business in a healthy way. I closed my&nbsp; online accounts immediately, deleted everything,&nbsp;&nbsp; lost that income stream that had briefly made life&nbsp; feel manageable. The financial pressure returned,&nbsp;&nbsp; forcing me to pick up extra shifts at the&nbsp; dental office, and take on weekend work&nbsp;&nbsp; doing medical transcription from home. The pay was&nbsp; legitimate, but barely covered Emma's needs. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I found myself back in the same grinding cycle of&nbsp; barely making rent, choosing between necessities,&nbsp;&nbsp; watching my daughter's needs compete with bills&nbsp; that never stopped coming. Emma still doesn't know&nbsp;&nbsp; the full story. I told her we moved because of a&nbsp; problem with our old building that a neighbor had&nbsp;&nbsp; been inappropriate in ways I didn't specify, and&nbsp; she accepted this explanation with the resilience.&nbsp;&nbsp; children sometimes show when they sense their&nbsp; parent can't handle deeper questions, but she&nbsp;&nbsp; notices things. The way I check every vent in our&nbsp; new apartment twice a week, running my fingers&nbsp;&nbsp; along the edges, looking for anything unusual.&nbsp; The way I inspect every corner of her room before&nbsp;&nbsp; letting her sleep. The camera detection device I&nbsp; bought and use regularly, sweeping our space like&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm searching for bombs. Sometimes people at the&nbsp; dental office ask why I move so suddenly. Why I&nbsp;&nbsp; seem so jumpy when someone walks too close behind&nbsp; me, why I've started covering my laptop camera&nbsp;&nbsp; with tape even at work. I give vague answers about&nbsp; needing a change, about prioritizing safety, about&nbsp;&nbsp; being more careful in general. The truth feels&nbsp; too heavy to share with casual acquaintances,&nbsp;&nbsp; too exposing in its own way, admitting that I'd&nbsp; created online content and someone had used it to&nbsp;&nbsp; violate me in my own home. The trauma therapist I&nbsp; started seeing says that hypervigilance is normal&nbsp;&nbsp; after what I experienced that my constant checking&nbsp; and rechecking is my brain's way of trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; regain control over a situation where I'd been&nbsp; completely powerless. She says it will fade with&nbsp;&nbsp; time that eventually I'll be able to sleep without&nbsp; waking up at every small sound. That Emma's&nbsp;&nbsp; innocence being preserved is a victory I should&nbsp; acknowledge rather than a burden I carry. But&nbsp;&nbsp; late at night when Emma is asleep and I'm alone&nbsp; with my thoughts in my camera detector, I think&nbsp;&nbsp; about Carl sitting in his apartment one floor&nbsp; below, watching me live my life on his monitors.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think about how thin the walls were between my&nbsp; assumed privacy and his invasive observation. How&nbsp;&nbsp; the thing I'd done to protect my daughter from&nbsp; financial instability had made us both targets&nbsp;&nbsp; for someone's obsession. I think about the other&nbsp; women who might be experiencing this right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; who've made the same choices I did for the same&nbsp; reasons unaware that someone is watching them&nbsp;&nbsp; through vents or mirrors or devices they'll never&nbsp; think to look for. The internet promises anonymity&nbsp;&nbsp; and distance and control. Boundaries that separate&nbsp; your online self from your real life. But those&nbsp;&nbsp; boundaries are made of nothing but your own&nbsp; vigilance and the restraint of strangers. And&nbsp;&nbsp; when someone decides to cross them, when someone&nbsp; invests enough time and attention into collapsing&nbsp;&nbsp; the space between your digital presence and your&nbsp; physical vulnerability, those walls turn out to be&nbsp;&nbsp; as thin as the ones in my old apartment building.&nbsp; Paper barriers that can be breached by anyone with&nbsp;&nbsp; enough patience and access, and the willingness to&nbsp; violate another person's basic humanity for their&nbsp;&nbsp; own entertainment. The divorce papers had been&nbsp; finalized for exactly 4 to2 days when the reality&nbsp;&nbsp; of my financial situation finally penetrated the&nbsp; fog of anger and relief I'd been living in since&nbsp;&nbsp; the judge's signature made it official. I was&nbsp; living in a one-bedroom apartment on the outskirts&nbsp;&nbsp; of Columbus. The kind of place you choose because&nbsp; it's available immediately and doesn't ask too&nbsp;&nbsp; many questions. working at Morrison's auto shop,&nbsp; where I'd been for the past 9 years, changing oil&nbsp;&nbsp; and replacing transmissions and pretending. I had&nbsp; any kind of career trajectory beyond just showing&nbsp;&nbsp; up and surviving another day. Child support for my&nbsp; daughter Kaye took 40% of every paycheck before I&nbsp;&nbsp; even saw it, which was fair and necessary and&nbsp; still left me barely functional financially.&nbsp;&nbsp; The rest disappeared into rent and utilities&nbsp; and the credit card debt. Jennifer and I had&nbsp;&nbsp; accumulated during our final year of marriage&nbsp; when we were buying things we couldn't afford&nbsp;&nbsp; to avoid acknowledging how completely we'd failed&nbsp; at building a life together. My 33rd birthday came&nbsp;&nbsp; and went without celebration just another Tuesday&nbsp; where I ate gas station pizza and wondered how&nbsp;&nbsp; people made this whole adult existence thing look&nbsp; manageable. The only fans advertisement appeared&nbsp;&nbsp; during one of those late night phones scrolling&nbsp; sessions when you're too tired to sleep but too&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausted to do anything productive. People&nbsp; making thousands monthly it claimed just by&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing photos and videos building audiences&nbsp; and connections with people who appreciated&nbsp;&nbsp; you exactly as you were. The whole concept seemed&nbsp; absurd and vaguely embarrassing. But after three&nbsp;&nbsp; beers and another rejection email from a better&nbsp; paying job, I figured why not look into it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Setting up the account felt surreal in ways&nbsp; I couldn't quite articulate, taking photos in&nbsp;&nbsp; my bathroom mirror while strategically hiding the&nbsp; water stain on my ceiling and the mildew creeping&nbsp;&nbsp; along the shower grout. I was 33 years old, not&nbsp; young enough to be genuinely appealing, but not&nbsp;&nbsp; old enough to have any kind of distinguished&nbsp; look, just average in every way that mattered.&nbsp;&nbsp; But according to Jennifer's friend Amanda,&nbsp; who'd drunkenly hit on me at multiple barbecues,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had that working man aesthetic that apparently&nbsp; appealed to certain demographics, whatever that&nbsp;&nbsp; meant. The first two weeks brought 47 subscribers&nbsp; at $15 monthly each, which wasn't life-changing&nbsp;&nbsp; money, but was enough to finally get my truck's&nbsp; transmission fixed properly instead of just&nbsp;&nbsp; patching it temporarily and hoping. The content I&nbsp; posted was deliberately simple. photos after work,&nbsp;&nbsp; still wearing my shop uniform with grease on&nbsp; my forearms. Occasional videos where I talked&nbsp;&nbsp; about my day while working on personal projects,&nbsp; the kind of authentic bluecollar content that&nbsp;&nbsp; apparently filled some niche I hadn't known&nbsp; existed. Most subscribers were respectful and&nbsp;&nbsp; straightforward middle-aged women from various&nbsp; parts of the country who sent small tips with&nbsp;&nbsp; comments about appreciating a man who worked with&nbsp; his hands, who seemed genuine and approachable,&nbsp;&nbsp; who reminded them of husbands or boyfriends or&nbsp; the kind of man they wish they'd married. The&nbsp;&nbsp; messages were sometimes lonely and often sweet,&nbsp; and I found myself actually engaging with people&nbsp;&nbsp; in ways that felt more authentic than most of&nbsp; my real life interactions. Then in late June,&nbsp;&nbsp; this account appeared called Golden Eye369.&nbsp; And they immediately stood out by sending a&nbsp;&nbsp; $200 tip on my welcome message without requesting&nbsp; anything specific in return. No special content,&nbsp;&nbsp; no private photos, no personal information,&nbsp; just money, and a vague comment about liking&nbsp;&nbsp; my authenticity. Over the next 10 days, they&nbsp; dropped another hundred here, 50 there, always&nbsp;&nbsp; with minimal commentary, but consistent generosity&nbsp; that made them my top subscriber by a significant&nbsp;&nbsp; margin. The money was significant enough that I&nbsp; didn't question it too carefully. nearly $800 from&nbsp;&nbsp; one person in less than two weeks. Enough to catch&nbsp; up on overdue utility bills and even take Kaye to&nbsp;&nbsp; Cedar Point for her birthday, something I promised&nbsp; her 6 months ago, but hadn't been able to afford&nbsp;&nbsp; until Golden Eye 369's tips made it possible.&nbsp; Jennifer actually smiled when I showed up to&nbsp;&nbsp; get Kaye for our amusement park day, genuinely&nbsp; pleased that I'd followed through on something&nbsp;&nbsp; for once. And that brief moment of not being seen&nbsp; as a complete failure felt better than any amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of money. The first real request came on a Friday&nbsp; night when I was already exhausted from a 10-hour&nbsp;&nbsp; shift dealing with a particularly difficult engine&nbsp; rebuild. Golden Eye369 messaged about wanting&nbsp;&nbsp; a private video call, just 15 minutes, nothing&nbsp; complicated, willing to pay $500 for the session.&nbsp;&nbsp; $500 for 15 minutes was more than I made in two&nbsp; full days at the shop. And with rent due Monday,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my bank account showing negative $27, I wasn't&nbsp; in a position to turn down that kind of offer. We&nbsp;&nbsp; scheduled it for 11 that night after I got home&nbsp; and showered the worst of the day's grime off.&nbsp;&nbsp; They insisted on using a platform called Secure&nbsp; Stream instead of Only Fans built-in video system,&nbsp;&nbsp; claiming they had privacy concerns about the main&nbsp; platform security. The website looked legitimate&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, professionally designed with proper SSL&nbsp; certificates and terms of service that seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; standard. Creating an account required my email&nbsp; address and some basic verification. And they had&nbsp;&nbsp; me test my camera and audio before the actual&nbsp; call to ensure everything would work smoothly.&nbsp;&nbsp; At exactly 11:00, I clicked the call link and&nbsp; immediately noticed their camera feed remained&nbsp;&nbsp; black while mine displayed my face clearly&nbsp; in the corner preview window. They typed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the chat that their camera was malfunctioning,&nbsp; but they could see and hear me perfectly fine,&nbsp;&nbsp; asking if we could proceed anyway since they'd&nbsp; already paid and didn't want to waste my time&nbsp;&nbsp; with technical issues. It seemed slightly odd, but&nbsp; not concerning enough to cancel, especially with&nbsp;&nbsp; $500 already in my account. For 15 minutes, I&nbsp; followed their type directions, took off my shirt&nbsp;&nbsp; when they asked, flexed a little, and showed&nbsp; different angles, told a completely fabricated&nbsp;&nbsp; story about a wild weekend in Vegas that had never&nbsp; happened. They kept typing enthusiastic responses,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sent another $200 in tips during the call&nbsp; itself, asking me to stand up and turn around,&nbsp;&nbsp; show my tattoos more clearly. All requests that&nbsp; felt completely within the boundaries of what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd been posting publicly. Anyway, when the timer&nbsp; hit 15 minutes, the call ended automatically with&nbsp;&nbsp; a message thanking me for the session and saying&nbsp; I was perfect for what they needed. I felt pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; good about the whole thing. $600 for less than 20&nbsp; minutes of work, enough to cover. Rent with some&nbsp;&nbsp; leftover for groceries and maybe even putting&nbsp; a little aside for the first time in months.&nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday morning destroyed that brief moment of&nbsp; financial optimism completely. I woke around 10&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone buzzing with notification after&nbsp; notification. And when I finally managed to&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on the screen, there were 17 emails from an&nbsp; address I didn't recognize, something proton mail&nbsp;&nbsp; with a username that made my stomach drop even&nbsp; before I opened the first message. The subject&nbsp;&nbsp; line on every email simply said, "Ryan, open&nbsp; this now using my actual name, which should&nbsp;&nbsp; have been completely unknown to this person."&nbsp; Inside the first email were three attachments,&nbsp;&nbsp; crystal clear screenshots from the previous night.&nbsp; s video call showing me shirtless and clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; identifiable. My face fully visible in every&nbsp; frame. Worse, in the corner of each image was my&nbsp;&nbsp; complete real name pulled from the secure stream&nbsp; account I'd created, the one I'd stupidly used my&nbsp;&nbsp; actual email address to register. The message&nbsp; itself was devastatingly concise. $5,000 to&nbsp;&nbsp; the Bitcoin wallet address listed below by Monday&nbsp; noon. or these screenshots get sent to Jennifer at&nbsp;&nbsp; her email address to my boss Brennan at his direct&nbsp; work email to Columbus City Schools Administration&nbsp;&nbsp; where Kaye attended and to all 847 people on&nbsp; my Facebook friends list which they'd somehow&nbsp;&nbsp; scraped from my private profile. At the bottom was&nbsp; a line that made me actually run to the bathroom&nbsp;&nbsp; to vomit. We recorded everything including the&nbsp; parts where you got more comfortable. Pay up&nbsp;&nbsp; or everyone sees who Ryan really is. I read that&nbsp; email probably 60 times, each reading, hoping it&nbsp;&nbsp; would somehow change or reveal itself as a sick&nbsp; joke or just evaporate into digital nothing.&nbsp;&nbsp; $5,000 might as well have been 5 million given my&nbsp; financial reality. My bank account showed $247. My&nbsp;&nbsp; credit cards were maxed. My truck was worth maybe&nbsp; $3,000 if I could find someone desperate enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy it. I had nothing remotely resembling the&nbsp; amount they were demanding. My friend Craig,&nbsp;&nbsp; who understood computers better than anyone&nbsp; I knew, listened to my deliberately vague&nbsp;&nbsp; explanation about being blackmailed, trying to&nbsp; figure out if there was any way to trace Proton&nbsp;&nbsp; Mail accounts or if Bitcoin transactions could be&nbsp; reversed, he laughed in that way people do when&nbsp;&nbsp; delivering bad news, explaining that whoever was&nbsp; behind this had chosen their tools specifically&nbsp;&nbsp; because they were nearly impossible to trace, that&nbsp; Proton Mail kept no logs, and Bitcoin transactions&nbsp;&nbsp; were designed to be irreversible. and anonymous.&nbsp; The screenshot quality was horrifyingly perfect,&nbsp;&nbsp; too. Not grainy or distorted or easily deniable,&nbsp; but clear, professional captures that showed my&nbsp;&nbsp; face and body and detail that left no room for&nbsp; claiming it was someone else or doctorred images.&nbsp;&nbsp; The kind of evidence that would spread through my&nbsp; small suburban community like wildfire, ending up&nbsp;&nbsp; on Kayle's classmates phones by Monday afternoon,&nbsp; making her teenage years an absolute nightmare of&nbsp;&nbsp; mockery and association with her father's&nbsp; humiliation. I spent Sunday in a desperate&nbsp;&nbsp; scramble that felt like drowning in slow motion.&nbsp; Sold my PlayStation to some college kid for $300,&nbsp;&nbsp; way below its actual value, but I needed immediate&nbsp; cash and couldn't afford to wait for better&nbsp;&nbsp; offers. Drove 2 hours to Dayton because someone&nbsp; there had agreed to buy an old Mustang engine&nbsp;&nbsp; block I've been storing in my garage, paying 600%&nbsp; cash without asking too many questions about why I&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed so desperate. My brother Doug came through&nbsp; with $1,500 after I fed him an elaborate lie about&nbsp;&nbsp; my truck, needing emergency transmission work, or&nbsp; I'd lose my job and couldn't make child support&nbsp;&nbsp; payments. The guilt of lying to him made my&nbsp; chest physically hurt, but the fear of what&nbsp;&nbsp; would happened if those screenshots leaked was&nbsp; overwhelming enough to justify any deception.&nbsp;&nbsp; I maxed out all three credit cards, doing cash&nbsp; advances at different ATMs, paying the predatory&nbsp;&nbsp; fees because I had no other options, and Monday's&nbsp; deadline was approaching with terrifying speed. By&nbsp;&nbsp; Sunday night at 2:00 in the morning, I sat&nbsp; at my kitchen table surrounded by crumpled&nbsp;&nbsp; bills and bank transfer confirmations, counting&nbsp; and recounting obsessively. $4,047 representing&nbsp;&nbsp; literally everything I could scrape together&nbsp; through. Selling possessions and borrowing and&nbsp;&nbsp; extracting the last drops of credit from financial&nbsp; institutions. I was still short, but maybe they'd&nbsp;&nbsp; understand. Maybe they'd accept what I had. Maybe&nbsp; they'd show some mercy to someone who was clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; trying. Monday morning at 8 sharp, I sent my&nbsp; first email to the gotcha.88 Forever 88 address,&nbsp;&nbsp; explaining in detail that I had most of the money&nbsp; and begging for either more time or acceptance of&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'd managed to gather, promising to delete my&nbsp; Only Fans account immediately and never engage in&nbsp;&nbsp; anything like this again. Their response came 12&nbsp; minutes later, cold and absolute. Full amount or&nbsp;&nbsp; photos go out at noon. No negotiations. Clocks&nbsp; ticking. The panic that followed was different&nbsp;&nbsp; from anything I'd experienced before. called&nbsp; in sick to work and spent the morning driving&nbsp;&nbsp; to payday loan places. Getting rejected at two&nbsp; locations for having too much existing debt.&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally finding a predatory operation behind a&nbsp; liquor store that gave me $300 at an interest rate&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn't even look at. Sold my spare tire and jack&nbsp; to a mechanic friend for $50. Found $43 in change&nbsp;&nbsp; by searching my couch, my car, every pocket, and&nbsp; every piece of clothing I owned. At 11:47 a.m., I&nbsp;&nbsp; initiated the Bitcoin transfer for exactly $5,000,&nbsp; watching my entire life savings plus crushing debt&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd be paying off for years disappear into some&nbsp; anonymous cryptocurrency wallet that could be&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere in the world. The confirmation came at&nbsp; 12:03 p.m. A brief message that made my blood&nbsp;&nbsp; run cold despite technically being what I wanted&nbsp; to hear. Payment received. Your secret is safe&nbsp;&nbsp; for now. Those three words for now with their&nbsp; implicit threat of future demands made it clear&nbsp;&nbsp; this wasn't over. People who do this kind of thing&nbsp; don't just walk away after one successful score.&nbsp;&nbsp; They'd extracted $5,000 from me, proving I could&nbsp; be milked, establishing that I'd pay to protect&nbsp;&nbsp; my reputation and my daughter's well-being. I'd&nbsp; marked myself as a reliable target, someone who&nbsp;&nbsp; would scramble and borrow and sell everything to&nbsp; meet their demands. For 2 weeks, nothing happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; I went to work, picked up extra shifts to start&nbsp; paying Doug back, deleted every trace of my online&nbsp;&nbsp; presence, changed my phone number and email&nbsp; address. The silence was somehow worse than&nbsp;&nbsp; the threats had been. Every notification making&nbsp; my heart raced. Every unknown number at the shop&nbsp;&nbsp; making me want to hide. When Jennifer called about&nbsp; picking up Kaye for the weekend, I nearly vomited,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking she'd somehow seen the screenshots. But&nbsp; it was just normal custody logistics, her voice&nbsp;&nbsp; carrying its usual tone of mild annoyance rather&nbsp; than disgust or fury. Then Wednesday afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; while I was under a Honda Accord changing oil,&nbsp; Craig texted that I had a visitor at the shop.&nbsp;&nbsp; I rolled out to find a kid who couldn't have&nbsp; been older than 19 holding an envelope with my&nbsp;&nbsp; name written in the same precise handwriting from&nbsp; the first threatening email. Inside was a single&nbsp;&nbsp; printed screenshot I hadn't seen before. Much&nbsp; more explicit than the previous ones. Clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; from later in that video call when they directed&nbsp; me to do things I'd convinced myself weren't that&nbsp;&nbsp; bad in the moment. The note attached was brief&nbsp; and devastating. 2,000 by Friday. Or this one&nbsp;&nbsp; goes viral on Twitter with your full name and&nbsp; city. Previous payment only covered the first&nbsp;&nbsp; batch. The implication that there were multiple&nbsp; batches, that they'd been sitting on this content&nbsp;&nbsp; and rationing their extortion, made me realize&nbsp; I'd been monumentally stupid to think one payment&nbsp;&nbsp; would end this. This time, I didn't panic or&nbsp; scramble. I drove straight to the Columbus&nbsp;&nbsp; Police Department and asked to speak with someone&nbsp; about cyber crime and blackmail. Detective Fowler&nbsp;&nbsp; was probably my age, but looked a decade older&nbsp; with tired eyes and coffee stains on her shirt&nbsp;&nbsp; that suggested she'd been dealing with humanity's&nbsp; worst behaviors for too long. She listened to my&nbsp;&nbsp; complete story without judgment, took notes while&nbsp; I showed her the emails and Bitcoin transactions&nbsp;&nbsp; and screenshots I'd saved as evidence. After&nbsp; 40 minutes of me explaining everything,&nbsp;&nbsp; she leaned back in her chair and delivered&nbsp; the news that shattered whatever naive hope&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd been carrying. The Proton Mail account was&nbsp; effectively untraceable without a warrant they'd&nbsp;&nbsp; never get approved based on my evidence. The&nbsp; Bitcoin wallet had already been tumbled through&nbsp;&nbsp; six different exchanges across four countries,&nbsp; making any recovery impossible. Golden Eye 369's&nbsp;&nbsp; Only Fans account had been created through a VPN&nbsp; that bounced through servers in Romania, Vietnam,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Nigeria. Each layer making identification more&nbsp; difficult. These operations are almost always run&nbsp;&nbsp; from countries where we have zero jurisdiction,&nbsp; she explained, sliding me a pamphlet about&nbsp;&nbsp; cyber crime that felt like an insult wrapped in&nbsp; bureaucracy. Even if we could identify them, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is virtually impossible with the tools they're&nbsp; using, they're probably in a place where local&nbsp;&nbsp; law enforcement won't cooperate or doesn't have&nbsp; the resources to pursue these cases. Your best bet&nbsp;&nbsp; is to refuse to pay anymore. Document everything&nbsp; you can and consider telling the people in your&nbsp;&nbsp; life before they do it for you. I didn't pay the&nbsp; second demand. Couldn't even if I'd wanted to.&nbsp;&nbsp; already drowning in debt from the first payment&nbsp; and working 70our weeks just to cover minimum&nbsp;&nbsp; payments on the payday loans and credit cards I'd&nbsp; maxed out. Friday came and went without incident.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then Saturday, Sunday, a week of silence that&nbsp; felt like holding my breath underwater. Every&nbsp;&nbsp; notification made me flinch. Every unknown number&nbsp; made me prepare for Jennifer's rage or my boss's&nbsp;&nbsp; disappointment or Kayle's traumatized confusion&nbsp; about what her father had done. The screenshots&nbsp;&nbsp; never appeared on Twitter or anywhere else I&nbsp; could find through obsessive searching. After&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 weeks of checking my mentions and searching my&nbsp; name hourly, I started thinking maybe Detective&nbsp;&nbsp; Fowler had been right about calling their bluff,&nbsp; that they'd moved on to easier targets who would&nbsp;&nbsp; keep paying. But that relief was poisoned by the&nbsp; knowledge that they still had that content, still&nbsp;&nbsp; had my name and face, and enough information to&nbsp; destroy my reputation whenever they felt like it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's been 9 months now since that video call.&nbsp; And while nothing else has happened directly, the&nbsp;&nbsp; psychological damage is permanent and complete.&nbsp; I had to tell Jennifer about the debt when I was&nbsp;&nbsp; laid on child support twice in three months,&nbsp; inventing a gambling problem because it was&nbsp;&nbsp; easier to admit than the truth. And now she barely&nbsp; lets me see Kaye unsupervised, convinced I'm some&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of degenerate who can't be trusted with basic&nbsp; responsibilities or good judgment. I changed jobs&nbsp;&nbsp; to a different auto shop across town. moved to&nbsp; a cheaper apartment that's basically a glorified&nbsp;&nbsp; storage unit with plumbing. Deleted every social&nbsp; media account I had. I've become a ghost of my&nbsp;&nbsp; former self, avoiding any digital footprint that&nbsp; might remind those people I still exist and could&nbsp;&nbsp; be squeezed for more money. Every new person I&nbsp; meet, every potential relationship or friendship&nbsp;&nbsp; comes with this invisible weight of knowing that&nbsp; somewhere out there someone has ammunition that&nbsp;&nbsp; could detonate my life at any moment. The other&nbsp; night, I got a spam email about cryptocurrency&nbsp;&nbsp; investment opportunities, completely unrelated to&nbsp; any of this, just standard junk mail. But seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; those words, Bitcoin and anonymous transactions&nbsp; in the subject line, sent me into such a severe&nbsp;&nbsp; panic attack that I dry heaved in my bathroom for&nbsp; 20 minutes, my heart hammering so hard I thought&nbsp;&nbsp; I was having a genuine medical emergency. That's&nbsp; what they took from me beyond the $5,000. They&nbsp;&nbsp; took my ability to feel safe in digital spaces,&nbsp; my capacity to trust that any online interaction&nbsp;&nbsp; won't be weaponized against me later. Sometimes&nbsp; I wonder how many other men are living with this&nbsp;&nbsp; same secret shame, too embarrassed to admit they&nbsp; fell for something so obvious in retrospect,&nbsp;&nbsp; too scared to go to the police because it means&nbsp; confessing to creating adult content, too isolated&nbsp;&nbsp; to reach out for help because the whole situation&nbsp; feels like admitting you're fundamentally stupid&nbsp;&nbsp; and gullible. The platforms don't talk about this&nbsp; side of content creation. The way your images can&nbsp;&nbsp; be captured and your identity can be traced and&nbsp; your entire life can be held hostage by people&nbsp;&nbsp; who understand technology better than you ever&nbsp; will. Kaye asks sometimes why I seem so jumpy,&nbsp;&nbsp; why I don't have social media anymore like her&nbsp; friends. Parents do why I check my phone with&nbsp;&nbsp; this look of dread every time a notification&nbsp; comes through. I tell her I'm just tired,&nbsp;&nbsp; that work has been stressful, that I'm trying&nbsp; to focus more on real life instead of screens.&nbsp;&nbsp; She's 14 now, old enough to sense there's more&nbsp; to the story, but young enough to accept my&nbsp;&nbsp; explanations without pushing too hard. In&nbsp; 6 years, when she's looking at colleges,&nbsp;&nbsp; will those screenshots suddenly surface as some&nbsp; final twist of the knife? Will her classmates find&nbsp;&nbsp; them during some cruel prank and associate&nbsp; her forever with her father's humiliation?&nbsp;&nbsp; The debt will take me approximately four more&nbsp; years to pay off at my current income level,&nbsp;&nbsp; assuming no emergencies or unexpected expenses,&nbsp; which is a laughable assumption for someone living&nbsp;&nbsp; paycheck to paycheck. Every dollar that goes to&nbsp; those payday loans and credit card minimums is a&nbsp;&nbsp; dollar that can't go to Kayle's future or my own&nbsp; stability or building any kind of life beyond just&nbsp;&nbsp; surviving. They didn't just take $5,000. They took&nbsp; years of my financial future, my peace of mind, my&nbsp;&nbsp; ability to sleep without nightmares about waking&nbsp; up to find my face plastered across social media&nbsp;&nbsp; with my worst moments displayed for entertainment.&nbsp; Detective Fowler was right about one thing. These&nbsp;&nbsp; operations work because they understand human&nbsp; psychology better than we understand it ourselves.&nbsp;&nbsp; They know exactly how much shame and fear to&nbsp; apply. How to isolate their targets. How to make&nbsp;&nbsp; paying seem like the only option, even when it&nbsp; guarantees nothing. They know that men especially&nbsp;&nbsp; won't report this kind of extortion because it&nbsp; means admitting vulnerability in ways our culture&nbsp;&nbsp; has trained us to avoid. They know that once you&nbsp; pay the first time, you've established yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; as someone who will sacrifice everything to keep&nbsp; a secret, making you a permanent target even after&nbsp;&nbsp; they've extracted whatever initial amount they&nbsp; demanded. I drive past the library sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; where they offer free computer classes and cyber&nbsp; security workshops and I think about how none of&nbsp;&nbsp; that information would have saved me. I knew about&nbsp; VPNs and privacy settings and being careful with&nbsp;&nbsp; personal information, but all that knowledge was&nbsp; useless against someone who was actively hunting,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had built their entire operation around&nbsp; exploiting the gap between what people think&nbsp;&nbsp; is private and what actually is. The internet&nbsp; promises anonymity and control, but those&nbsp;&nbsp; promises are only as good as the weakest link in&nbsp; your security chain. And for me, that weak link&nbsp;&nbsp; was desperation and naivity and the fundamental&nbsp; human need to believe that some opportunities&nbsp;&nbsp; are legitimate, even when they seem too good&nbsp; to be true. Last month, I saw a young guy at&nbsp;&nbsp; the new shop where I work, probably 25 years old,&nbsp; complaining about student debt and rent increases,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I watched him scroll through his phone during&nbsp; lunch break, looking at ways to make extra money&nbsp;&nbsp; online. I wanted to warn him, to tell him my&nbsp; story, to explain that whatever he was considering&nbsp;&nbsp; probably wasn't worth the risk. But how do you&nbsp; start that conversation without revealing your&nbsp;&nbsp; own humiliation? How do you say, "Don't make the&nbsp; mistake I made without explaining exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; that mistake was." So I said nothing, just watched&nbsp; him scrolling and hoping and wondered if somewhere&nbsp;&nbsp; in a different country, someone was preparing the&nbsp; same trap that caught me building the same false&nbsp;&nbsp; promises and technical infrastructure designed&nbsp; to extract money from desperate people who just&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to pay their bills and take their kids to&nbsp; amusement parks. The internet has made it possible&nbsp;&nbsp; for predators to operate at scale, targeting&nbsp; hundreds or thousands of people simultaneously&nbsp;&nbsp; with automated systems and stolen credentials and&nbsp; deep fakes and extortion schemes that would have&nbsp;&nbsp; been impossible 20 years ago. The worst part is&nbsp; knowing they were right about me. I was exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; the kind of desperate, financially vulnerable&nbsp; man they were looking for. Someone with debt&nbsp;&nbsp; and responsibilities and a fragile social standing&nbsp; that could be destroyed by exposure. Someone who&nbsp;&nbsp; would pay anything to protect the few good things&nbsp; left in his life. They didn't choose me randomly.&nbsp;&nbsp; They chose me because I'd already advertised my&nbsp; vulnerability by trying to make money through&nbsp;&nbsp; content creation. Essentially putting up a sign&nbsp; that said, "I need cash badly enough to do things&nbsp;&nbsp; that make me uncomfortable. I still check my&nbsp; email obsessively, multiple times per hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; always expecting another demand that will&nbsp; arrive when I've finally started breathing&nbsp;&nbsp; normally again. The therapy I can't afford would&nbsp; probably say something about hypervigilance and&nbsp;&nbsp; trauma responses about how my brain is stuck in&nbsp; that moment of opening those first threatening&nbsp;&nbsp; emails and realizing my entire life could be&nbsp; destroyed by someone I'd never met and couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; identify. But therapy costs money I don't have. So&nbsp; instead, I just live with this constant lowgrade&nbsp;&nbsp; panic. This background noise of dread that colors&nbsp; every interaction and decision. Sometimes Kaye&nbsp;&nbsp; does something that reminds me of why I tried Only&nbsp; Fans in the first place. asks about a school trip&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't afford, needs new clothes I have to put on&nbsp; a credit card, mentions something her friends have&nbsp;&nbsp; that she doesn't. And I want to tell her that I&nbsp; tried, that I did something stupid and humiliating&nbsp;&nbsp; because I wanted to give her opportunities and&nbsp; experiences that my failure to protect her from&nbsp;&nbsp; my own bad judgment is the heaviest thing I carry.&nbsp; But she's a kid and kids shouldn't have to carry&nbsp;&nbsp; their parents' shame or understand the complicated&nbsp; ways adults fail while trying to succeed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man I was before that video call feels like&nbsp; a different person entirely. That version of Ryan&nbsp;&nbsp; thought he was being clever and resourceful,&nbsp; finding a creative solution to a financial&nbsp;&nbsp; problem. He thought he understood the risks and&nbsp; had taken appropriate precautions. He believed&nbsp;&nbsp; that desperation justified certain choices as&nbsp; long as nobody got hurt. He was naive in ways that&nbsp;&nbsp; current Ryan can see clearly but couldn't prevent.&nbsp; trapped in the past, watching his former self walk&nbsp;&nbsp; into an obvious trap while being completely unable&nbsp; to warn him or change his trajectory. What I know&nbsp;&nbsp; now that I didn't know then is that privacy&nbsp; is an illusion we maintain through collective&nbsp;&nbsp; agreement to respect boundaries. And when someone&nbsp; decides they don't care about those boundaries,&nbsp;&nbsp; when someone has the technical skills and&nbsp; moral vacancy to violate them systematically,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's almost nothing you can do to stop&nbsp; them. The locks on your digital life are&nbsp;&nbsp; only as strong as the weakest password, the least&nbsp; secure platform, the most trusting moment. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you entered your real name into a website because&nbsp; it looked legitimate, and you were too desperate&nbsp;&nbsp; to be properly paranoid. I'll probably carry this&nbsp; secret until I die, never telling Kaye or Jennifer&nbsp;&nbsp; or Doug or anyone who knows me in real life. It'll&nbsp; be this thing that lives in my chest like a tumor,&nbsp;&nbsp; growing heavier over the years, shaping every&nbsp; decision about relationships and employment and&nbsp;&nbsp; online presence. And somewhere out there, those&nbsp; files still exist on someone's hard drive with my&nbsp;&nbsp; face and my name and my moment of vulnerability&nbsp; preserved forever, waiting to be used again&nbsp;&nbsp; whenever they decide I'm worth squeezing one more&nbsp; time. That's the real horror of what happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not just the money or the fear or the shame, but&nbsp; the knowledge that I'll never be completely free&nbsp;&nbsp; of it. That every moment of peace is conditional.&nbsp; Every plan for the future is built on the unstable&nbsp;&nbsp; foundation of hoping that strangers in another&nbsp; country have forgotten I exist or found more&nbsp;&nbsp; profitable targets. I'm a ghost haunting my own&nbsp; life, scared of my own digital shadow. And there's&nbsp;&nbsp; no exorcism or purification that can make me clean&nbsp; again. Just survival, one day at a time, hoping&nbsp;&nbsp; that today isn't the day those screenshots finally&nbsp; surface and finish what they started 9 months ago.

- The MOST Terrifying OnlyFans Horror Stories Ever Told: Kind: captions Language: en at the time I was 21 years old and completely broke I worked for a consultancy firm not a major player or anything I was pretty much at the bottom of the company ladder I made just enough to get by but I had dreams of traveling the world and studying abroad to make that dream happened I needed extra cash it was around this time that only fans started to blow up for those unfamiliar only fans is a website where people mostly women share pictures and videos with paying subscribers often mature content I'd heard stories of women making huge amounts of money from their homes even though I wasn't exactly a superstar I thought why not maybe I could earn a little extra cash too I created an account recorded a simple introduction and uploaded some risque a pictures now all I had to do was wait for subscribers to roll in after a few weeks I had a small following with each subscriber paying $10 a month some even tipped or paid for exclusive exclusive content I made a promise to myself all the money I earned from only fans would go into my travel fund once I had enough saved up I planned to quit meanwhile I had a lot of work to focus on at my real job one afternoon I attended a business conference with my co-workers it was a typical networking event where I handed out business cards to potential clients I met so many new people that day their faces and names GES all Blended together exhausted I returned home later that evening before bed I logged into my only fans account and saw I had a new subscriber he went by the username Jacob Harrison he sent me a message right away complimenting me and saying I wouldn't regret subscribing I thanked him and engaged in some harmless conversation he asked simple questions if I had a dog if I was dating anyone if I lived alone I answered without giving it much thought then he asked for a picture of me pouting offering $5 I was tired but needed the money so I quickly took the picture and sent it to him he made a few more requests one of my feet one in high heels each time he paid me $5 then he asked for $10 to add him on Instagram which seemed easy enough I added him and noticed something strange he had no posts on his account but his Instagram story was active out of curiosity I clicked on it it was a video of my house filmed from the woods the next clip zoomed in on my bedroom window the room where I was sitting another story played this one was filmed from my porch window a message appeared in my inbox let me in terrified I locked my bedroom door and called the police all the while he kept messaging me threatening to come inside downstairs I heard the door handle rattling then banging suddenly the noise stopped I thought he had left but then I heard glass shatter he had smashed my living room window luckily just as the police sirens blared in the distance he was gone when the officers arrived I explained everything they patrolled the area but didn't find him I thought back to the networking event it had to be someone I met there I handed the police all the business cards I had collected that day but nothing came of it I stopped using only fans and moved back in with my parents but every time I go to work I can't help but one was it someone I had met that day a while back I started an only fans account I was single and it seemed like an easy way to make some money at first I posted tame pictures but soon I started sharing more mature content I lived with my parents at the time so I had to be careful when I created content I didn't tell anyone not even my friends but after a few months I was making more money than I expected I decided to treat myself and went shopping for new clothes while at the store I started a live stream for my followers I enjoyed engaging with them asking for their opinions on outfits and chatting as I shopped it made me feel connected to my supporters everything seemed normal until later that evening I noticed a message from one of my regular followers he accused me of having a boyfriend claiming he had seen him in my videos confused I went back and watched the stream sure enough about 5 minutes in there was a man in a green shirt walking behind me he was tall muscular and had dark circles under his eyes at first I thought it was just a coincidence but when I checked my previous streams he was in those too always behind me always in the same green shirt he had been following me for weeks maybe months and I had never noticed I stopped posting on only fans for a while hoping he would get bored and leave me alone but I was wrong a few weeks later when my parents were out of town I decided to take new photos for my account afterward I started a live stream to reconnect with my followers I was in the living room when one of my viewers commented who's the man at your window I turned around to see the man the same one in the green shirt standing outside his hands were pressed against the glass staring at me panicking I ran upstairs and locked myself in the bathroom I called my parents who contacted the police but then I remembered I had left a window open downstairs I heard soft movements coming from the kitchen the man was inside my house he called out to me using my only fans username hello flirty Fox where are you I sprinted into my parents' room and climbed into the attic pulling the ladder up behind me downstairs I could hear him crashing through the house shouting I stayed hidden until I heard the police arrive by then the man was was gone the only thing missing from my house was my laptop filled with unreleased photos I never posted on only fans again despite having clear images of his face the police never found him to this day I have no idea how he found my address

- I Spoke To An Ex-OnlyFans Creator & This Is What She Told Me. The Realities Of OnlyFans. Video 8134: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right um after I had made that uh what only fans um what video about that female who broke uh Bonnie Blue who broke that world record or whatever so yeah I got people from various walks of life who uh didn't actually comment but they got in touch with me and told me yeah you know all of us are not the same and people who are into it people are into this industry and I guess uh given my appearance I look like a bad boy um so some of them don't mind opening up the guys who actually do it and girls who provide I was even surprised uh there are some guys who do it I thought it was only the gay you know kind of thing but it seems there are guys who provide such services on only fans for ladies didn't know that was happening jigo no you call that jigo yeah so yeah uh so spoke to a couple of them but this one particular female obviously have to keep her details Anonymous I've written down the points by the way I've written down the points so I know what I'm saying because I shouldn't if someone trusts me you I should stick by the script so this female is an ex only fans okay uh why would she approach me is because she is uh Indian um half Indian half something else okay I I can't give you what is her current passp quot and so she has Indian origin as you seen her um to my surprise she was very articulate very smart educated so and at first you know obviously at first I thought this is total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay I thought yeah right you're only fans and I'm Elon musk's assistant so then she said I know that you wouldn't believe me here is and she shared a few links and I was like okay so you sure that is you so she said yes I said okay fine put on the camera and prove it means prove it means don't show just show your face that she put on her camera and lo and behold she was the same female and I was like oh okay so she said um um would you uh would you like to talk I said yeah definitely I mean I'm a content creator why wouldn't like and she said yeah I thought as much and uh I asked her like why do you wish to talk she said because you got couple of things wrong so I was like ah okay and she said I want to set the record straight um and I want you to communicate what she told me to the audience I was like oh yeah please I'm all yours I mean you know I like I like content like this that you don't get which is exclusive so why not it's like a journalist having an exclusive scoop or a reporter speaks to an actor or somebody that nobody else could get an appointment so for me it was a scoop so out of all the discussions that we had I think we spoke for nearly 2 and a half 3 hours nearly that long but obviously I'm not going to make it a three and a half hour long video it's going to be short um so what is the message that she wanted to give and why did she want to give um the reason why she wanted to give the message is because it seems that the media is portraying the wrong is giving the wrong message to a lot of youngsters boys and girls about what this industry is and um she wanted to set the record straight okay so now what the media is saying the media is always showing oh she eared 700,000 ,000 she bought a house um they made millions of dollars or U their life has changed so much and she told me that is not the case that is not the case with the all the content creators she said um I'll give you an example uh it's like uh you get uh the news that this startup has collected uh 10 million 1 million or it's a unicorn you'll hear about it but you'll not hear about the startups that started and they lost everything uh they will talk to you about this Bitcoin holder got so much or cryptocurrency got millions of dollars but they'll not share with you stories of all these people who lost everything so what she said is because controversy sells they try to package it as this is a very lucrative industry and it's not and then obviously my next question was what are you earning she said I'll give you an approximate I said yeah go ahead she said um that if you Google search people say that you earn $100 or $200 okay uh per month that that is what the figure she gave me she said I was earning a respectable 2,000 to 5,000 that was the range that she gave me so I said 2,000 to $5,000 just to oppose she that's where you're mistaken again it is not I just put a video and I sit there and I get to it's the whole day goes into um doing this so she explained to me uh there is a planning there is a script there is a professional photographer there's a professional videographer there is a professional makeup artist the house the scenery the angle and uh she also told me that there is like a you need to have a small production team or at least one or two people and for a woman especially for a woman you know you have to be at your best your nails have to be done your skin has to be done hair removed bikini wax all that and um and you have to be comfortable being naked in front of you know people okay so I was like um okay so what seems to be the issue what seems to be she said it's a whole day work okay so I was like oh okay so it's like a photo shoot whole day goes whole day goes into photo shoots and she said by the time you are just exhausted and she said another thing which you don't think about is we have to monitor our diet we have to make sure we exercise properly we are in shape we can't put on weight and when we have a that time of the month we can't do it um we also o have to make sure that um you know you cannot use like excessive filter like to make yourself look perfect because uh if the guy sees your profile and then he pays you money to have one to one sessions or whatever and you look different then that kind of affects your ranking uh I was like okay all that so I said okay you're earning 2,000 to 5,000 so where is the problem why did you want to stop when you're making she said it was not worth it because I was stuck at that level and the only way I could go higher was if I push the envelope and um you know initially it was fun you're beautiful you're sexy you're showing Instagram this that you're going shopping and guys are oogling but she said the pivotal point where things got totally messed up was when she started to get sto ERS when she started to get demented individuals and when they actually try to hack into her system uh to leak the photographs and videos which are supposed to be exclusive and she said uh that is where my nightmare started she's saying you start getting very rude emails very she said exactly like you get rude emails you get death threats she said I was getting this and not only that um The Tipping Point the point where things got really messed up was when her uh real identity was someone found out and they got into her Facebook and all that and um all her contacts connections were sent mails and messages about her them getting threatened like her relatives you know people are not involved in the industry and she said that completely destroyed the family Dynamics they said please leave us alone stay away from us uh you're making our lives miserable just imagine someone else's family and I told you know Indian origin so they had a like kind of close kind of close family they knew what she was doing but as long as you mind your own business we don't mind they didn't like it but when they started to get emails and death threats and lwd images of her um she had no choice but to get away from the family which was a very big price to beay she got into depression um it was a massive massive problem she had to make a police case and then eventually at some point you know she said I stopped enjoying that was it for me was it worth $5,000 to go through all this she said uh my relatives my friends they were all earning bigger salaries with more respect and U here I was stuck at 5,000 and if I wanted to earn more I had to go more extreme and because it kind of destroyed the dynamic she say I was not interested in getting married I was not interested in falling in love and this and that but I love my mom and dad I love my family and now I can't be with them and uh then she had to pay she sorry she had to go to the police she had to pay you know these I don't know this internet where they remove all your videos or they check where your email is and all that you had to pay lots of money for it and today she doesn't have any social media she has left the place where she was supposed to be she's changed her phone changed her address changed everything she's no longer there and she said uh where before I to live with the family I don't live with my family and her family also had to completely change their social media and she said because of me everyone got impacted and uh she was very upset about it basically he said U it was fun as long as the fun lasted but uh she said I I don't enjoy it I didn't enjoy it anymore and uh she she said uh I never thought I would want to go back to a normal life because initially the money is easy when you talk to someone and they give you tips and all that uh you think it's fun but after when you start getting these demented guys it's no longer fun and um today she lives in another country totally um completely scrubbed off all her presence online and she said um there's not a day that goes by where I live with the fear that maybe my video will be leaked or someone will find out my old pictures she said luckily I didn't do this for very long but it's always back of your head that these images or these photographs can come out um let me see what else did she say uh yeah and she said uh I kind of resonated with you because uh she said you mentioned when you young you took steroids you thought you were Invincible nobody could touch you you thought you're going to do this forever she said I thought the same thing and to get in shape she also did take medication luckily she didn't go into surgery but she said many of them did go into surgery like you know that slab from 5,000 if she had gotten surgery if she had gotten Botox if she had gotten all this and she even told me one of her friends got Botox it didn't work out well um the surgery she went uh they went to apparently turkey or somewhere and it backfired completely and U that female has to undergo surgery to repair the mess that was done so she said it was very scary so and uh finally I told I asked her like so do you want to get married have children have family she said um I miss I miss having a meaningful relation I don't want to get married I'm not looking at having children as of now but I miss having a meaningful relationship uh it's not at all easy and for her it is very hard because she can't put her images and photographs online she can't go to any and register herself she said because the minute I'm visible online then it will all link together and maybe this will come so Che to just do it by you know face to face and she is so paranoid about her photographs um she does not allow anyone to take her photograph in the new place and upload without her permission and if she knows there is a crowd and all that she makes it very clear and when she was asked why she doesn't do that she said I value my privacy I I don't like have had creeps I just don't want so sad sad and she's not not old so yeah so here is another you know the real side which the media um doesn't want to talk about oh one more thing um her her friends are still doing it old friends and but she doesn't keep in touch with them um she was also asked by a newspaper and all that if she wanted to reveal her story she said I just want to be under wraps I want to be left alone so so she has moved now it seems the third time third time to a new country in the last like you know couple of years and um covid was a terrible time so now she is revamping herself and uh doing it all from scratch yeah so yeah I appreciated her and uh there were quite a number of things that she did tell me which uh obviously if I mention the video will not only get demonetized maybe I don't know maybe he'll not be allowed or whatever serious stuff so yeah um so in case you know you see these only fans and you think wow they purchased a big house wow they're earning millions of dollars here is one young woman who Spill the Beans ah one one final thing before I conclude I asked are there people who uh regret uh and you know they shut down their only fans or they realize oish she said plenty plenty but they're just too ashamed to talk about it they they've destroyed their life so obviously you don't want more publicity it seems there are plenty of failures plenty of failures and uh there are people who actually regret it because now many of them have had surgeries and so you have to maintain it right and uh another one is taking those medicines to maintain yourself but the worst one among all is your photographs and videos remain online forever that once you put something online stays forever so anyway I thought I'd share this with you special thank you to that lady um nothing but respect um thank you for sharing this and a primary agenda of sharing this was to tell young girls and young boys which I didn't know young boys also doing it uh don't don't get into this industry it is not it has a massive price to pay and because these guys are very rich and very powerful uh they don't let out the truth so yeah that's what our media is anyway um thought I'd share this with you good bad ugly feel free comment down below and it's really sad yeah when you hear all this okay if anyone of you wants to share another exclusive story uh you know why not I'd love to share your message but yeah I definitely verify before I share it so good badly feel free to comment down below and guys um she might be reading it so just be nice that's all I can say she has already gone through enough and more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't think we need to hate her all right take care bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @PacoPappagalo [11 likes]: Cry me a river. Her situation SUX, but there's basically ZERO sympathy left, at this point, for these women who make poor choices, and drag everyone else down with them. Cluck! Cluck!!
  2. @mursalin7289 [5 likes]: I hope she finds peace in her life
  3. @kevinvaldemarhj [4 likes]: A friend told me before about someone (a competitive physique guy and a gym trainer at that) doing OF or some gay-for-pay muscle flexing online to earn money. For what? For his cycles of anabolic steroid use which he was virtually addicted to even when not competitive, so as to be big and muscular. I knew that guy as a friend or acquaintance, but somehow decided I needed to dissociate from such people due to my day job which involves education. A more neutral friend --a Muslim --told me that a lot of these guys and girls don't have that many professional skills and in lieu of traditional routes of working for others to get your keep, OF and other forms of online sex hustling become a very easy way to do so without high barriers to entry.
  4. @anandmehta2323 [4 likes]: What did she expect? Dont women think about long term? Dont they think about the consequences?
  5. @ferntom6092 [3 likes]: Very important to the teens now a days ??????
  6. @lokendrathakur6884 [3 likes]: All the people like this enjoy while doing achieve their aspiration and get what they want like money and pleasure and when they fully accomplished the life then they advice to people not to do what we have done by the way you also among those people
  7. @mad_titanthanos [3 likes]: As long as she is responsible for trying to earn money via selling herself, she doesn't deserve so much trouble. There are some really effed up creeps. I hope she gets over it all like it's a bad dream and moves on in life.
  8. @moolavar9452 [2 likes]: OohK
  9. @iamvaibbhavchachad24 [2 likes]: Have a great day ahead
  10. @swamibitchikananda [2 likes]: Swami SAYS, if ONE makes ONE'S bed, ONE must SLEEP in it. Swami SAYS, karma; ain't it a BITCH... #SwamiSays
  11. @khushalingole5931 [2 likes]: Sir ur thumbnails arre always ossum❤😂😂😂
  12. @pamela7433 [2 likes]: ❤😊GOOD DAY LOY.
  13. @Asgar-rk6zg [1 likes]: Feel sad for the girl. Please do move on with your life but don’t cheat future/potential partner.
  14. @dilipkhagram2111 [1 likes]: PLEASE DO MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS 🙏🙏🙏🙏

Your storytelling is amazing. Maybe reach out to 1 person everyday and share their story
  15. @dilipkhagram2111 [1 likes]: This was a really good video. 

I think for content maybe speaking to people online about messages they want to share is a good idea.
  16. @DrunkOnCowPiss [1 likes]: We all know you make up these stories but you slipped up on this one  when you said that they cannot work when they are on that time of the month. Ever heard of the contraceptive pill? That stops your periods. These girls also moonlight as escorts so they need to make sure they don't get pregnant.
  17. @atharva2srivastava [1 likes]: loy i in need of help . i am 19 and study in iit delhi ai course . i started doing only fans management business . where i market females account and manage it and use ai to grow their account . i  thought i will keep it as side huslte gain money and then leave . and then use the money for something else 
i have made more than 50k dollars till now . i can now use ai fully and create ai mkodels etc etc to make more than 100 k dollars and make it main income source 

BUT I THINK IT IS IMMROAL AND NOW WANNA QUIT SO SHOULD I OR SHOULD I NOT
  18. @kevinvaldemarhj [1 likes]: OF will always come back to haunt you, just like any other fetish sites if you have a presence there! I hope that girl is able to live a new life away from this now.....
  19. @kaydee3407 [1 likes]: Onlyfans like any media platform , including cinema is at its core about moneylaudnering of criminal synidicates.money ..
This is allowed and sponsored by govts and banks ..so as to generate deposit growths in a low inflationary manner via these alternate channels..so that the govt has monirs in the private sector to borrow from..
..especially in a jobless growth econimy which both explains it and is a cause of the jobless growth figures 
Google : kochi port counterfiet currency container 
Sonce 2007 this is allowed..in kochi ..which is one of the conduitd for coutnerfeit currency smuggling ...that then createf the 100 crore clubs in bollywood for even third rate movies with no crowd in the cinema halls as noticed by suchetha dalal
Google : peekay aamir khan 300 crore really suchetha dalal..
The rest of the indsutry is their that will exploit people who believe in the golden goose that is media and entertainment ..
Many r low wage earners in this industry ..
Even the media and alt.media are funded by these crimjnal syndicates via ad and PR industry..
Hindustan times are owned by former opium merchants birla ..who are still running the boggest acetic anhyidride suppliers in the world .from india ..precursor to heroin..
The whole debt system is a scam on the public ..and the role of the medoa is to keep the publoc in such a programmed illusionn...
Hemce them blatantly marketing onlyfans which os clearly a money laundering scam ..run by fronts of the criminal syndicate
  20. @Speedfando: Honestly she should share her story . Cause people like her with that story will definitely have an impact.  But I still got a question.  Respectfully.  if she ever meets a significant other . Will she still hide it or would she tell ?. 🤔

- Navigating Trust: Essential Insights to Protect Yourself on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en and like only fans drama like the whole bella thorne situation that happened with with like only fans which i i still don't understand fully what she did i know that i think she scammed people right is that what she did and that's how she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up like only fans yeah i think that's it yeah that's like the only thing that's been going on besides like people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scamming people which i don't i don't get that like if you're like people do anything for money especially like scamming people but like if you're really not like about that life like why entertain that like why [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say that you're like selling your nudes your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and all this other stuff if you're not like like stop like like like get some help oh so so you got you got uh creators that you know say they sell nudes but they actually don't and they're just getting money because they sell nudes yeah it's like literally there's this girl on tick tock that was like talking about um like you know like come see my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and all this other stuff and this dude paid twenty dollars for it it was a video of her saying it like lip singing a song right so yeah so that so so girls you know running scam accounts on only fans gotta deter guys because like then then they're looking at you know then they're looking at like you and like all right you gotta give me something [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fred i gotta make sure i see some titties cause i'm not getting ripped off again and i don't think people realize how much that really does [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the whole game because like that gives like guys trust issues with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] especially like on twitter when the guys are trying to find like girls to um buy stuff from and like there's girls scamming people on like twitter and stuff like that and so then whenever i'm trying to like sell my content i'm like a legit seller like i thought i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can't do that because they're like well damn like they need all this proof which isn't like which isn't bad like i send them the proof that like i'm legit but then it's like it's like it's still like that hesitation factor you know like like are you gonna scam me and like i don't know like i just wish that people wouldn't do that because it really does [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like the real sellers you know well yeah but with your account because this brings up a good point because with your account you have a free account right yeah so anyone can subscribe to your only fans but if they want to get like customs or you know some special [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or anything like that you know you gotta tip or put up some money or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah you ask but you on your free site you do show your show you know you show a little something right yeah exactly like right so that that should be enough like if i'm if i'm going to be you know like like i want to get stuff from you that's proof enough to me anyway like you know all right she showed her titties for free so she'll definitely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know stick a cucumber in her ass you know [Music] you

- 3 OnlyFans Horror Stories That Went Horribly Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back to Horror Stories. I know many of you use these episodes to fall asleep. So before you drift off, I'd love it if you could leave a comment letting me know where you're listening from around the world. Also, don't forget to like and subscribe if you're enjoying the episodes. Story one. This is a story I almost never talk about. It's something I hate to constantly remember, but I feel it's time to get it off my chest. It happened about two spring breaks ago, but it still haunts me like a nightmare to this day. I'm a model on Instagram and have dreams of becoming a supermodel. I live in Glendale, California, a city that's part of the greater Los Angeles area. My modeling career was just starting to take off seriously. I was beginning to close deals with clothing brands and more and more people were starting to follow me. Over time, I decided to expand my income sources and not rely solely on Instagram. One of those new sources was Only Fans. I opened an account on the platform so that my followers could pay to see more exclusive content. And honestly, at first, everything was going really well. I never got weird messages from stalkers or anything like that. Overall, people accepted my decision without issues. Gradually, I started making friends within the online modeling world and the only fans community. I even began doing collaborations with other models and influencers. That's how I met a girl named Megan through mutual contacts we had on Instagram and Only Fans. Megan was relatively new to all of this, but she was growing fast. Things were going incredibly well for her and eventually we met in person during an event. She was laidback, had good vibes, and that's how a friendship began. We started collaborating together on both Only Fans and Instagram. And over time, we even hung out just to chill. One night, while I was checking my emails, I got a text message from Megan. She told me that a well-known group of online influencers had shown interest in both of us. Yes, I had been contacted before for work, but never from an organization that size. Apparently, a supposed agent from the modeling group had reached out to Megan after seeing a picture of us together on Instagram. He said he wanted to collaborate with us on that same platform, offering a large amount of money and free publicity for our Only Fans accounts in return. It seemed like an incredible opportunity, though also too good to be true. So, I wanted to make sure this agent was legit and not just some scammer or fake. I checked his profile and everything seemed real. Thousands of followers, real posts, and a pretty professional looking page. Even the email address had a legitimate domain. Everything pointed to it being genuine. Megan and I asked him for more details. He explained that they were based in San Diego, about 2 hours from Los Angeles. They wanted to do a quick photo shoot with both of us and talk about future opportunities while we were there. According to him, they had booked a hotel room in southern San Diego and would do the shoot on a nearby beach. Everything seemed well organized, so we set a date and booked a bus ride down there. I was excited, but Megan was even more thrilled. She had only been doing this for a year and was already getting offers from big companies. It was like a dream come true for her. When we arrived at the hotel, it wasn't luxurious, but it was pretty decent. At the entrance, we were greeted by a man dressed very casually, which was a bit unusual. "Are you Megan and Lisa?" he asked with a smile. "Yes, that's us," Megan answered enthusiastically. "Perfect. Follow me. We have a room reserved for you on the upper floor." The man led us to our room, and we started settling in. Megan was beyond excited. Can you believe this is happening?" she asked me. I was happy too, although I still felt a small sense of doubt. The guy who greeted us didn't seem very professional, but maybe he was just having a rough day. After a while, someone knocked on the door. It was the same man from before. He said he'd take us to the shoot location when we were ready. So, we got ready and left. He picked us up in a pretty nice car, although something felt off. He claimed it was the company car, but it had a sticker from a local rental company. I chose not to give it too much importance and got in the car. During the ride, he kept looking at us through the rear view mirror. He asked simple questions like where we were from or how our flight was, but his attitude wasn't warm at all. Definitely not what you'd expect from someone representing a brand. Again, I started to think maybe we had made a mistake. I hesitated to ruin Megan's excitement by telling her my concerns. But before I could decide, the car stopped. We had arrived. It was a small secluded beach and honestly, it was beautiful. The shoot would be on a boat anchored on the shore, and then we would sail to a nearby island to continue taking pictures. On board were about four to six middle-aged men who seemed to be part of the supposed camera crew. The boat was big, not a yacht, but it had an upper and lower deck. Still, the whole setup felt weird for such a well-known company. There wasn't much visible technical equipment. No supervisors, no makeup artists, just those men. Before boarding, they checked our handbags and said they'd keep them safe during the trip. That alarmed me even more, but the boat started up and there was no turning back. Megan went up to the top deck to enjoy the breeze while I went below to use a tiny bathroom. As I was washing my hands, I couldn't stop thinking how strange everything felt. There wasn't a single camera in sight, and the men on board didn't seem like they wanted to work. They just seemed like they wanted to hang out. Then I saw a shadow under the door. Feet. Someone was standing there. I got nervous. Were they waiting to use the bathroom or just watching me? And then I saw another pair of feet side by side. Two people. They were waiting. They were going to trap me. I took a deep breath and gathered all the courage I had. I flung the door open and managed to shove them, knocking them down. While they were on the floor hurt, I tried to think fast, but reality hit me hard. Megan was still upstairs. Then I heard violent noises, muffled screams. It was Megan. I ran up the stairs, but one of the men tripped me. I grabbed a nearby water bottle and threw it at his head with all my strength. I managed to get up and tried to run toward the screaming, but another man grabbed me from behind in a choke hold. I struggled desperately and bit his hand as hard as I could. He screamed in pain and threw me aside. I fell over the boat's railing and landed in the water. I could still hear Megan's muffled screams as I tried to swim back, but it was useless. Somehow, I made it to the shore and a group of local lifeguards rescued me. They took me to the emergency room where I was treated for my injuries. I told them and the police everything, the boat, the hotel, the car, the strange men. They managed to catch one or two in San Diego, but the others, including the ones who took Megan, were never found. Authorities suspected they had crossed into Tijana and were hiding somewhere in Mexico. Even the Mexican police got involved, but no leads were ever discovered. Neither the hotel nor the rental car company could provide any answers. I was devastated. I lost my best friend just because I didn't speak up when something inside me told me something was wrong. When I contacted the modeling agency to ask how something like this could have happened, they responded immediately saying they had never hired anyone by that name. The account, the followers, the photos, the email, it was all fake. It was all a trap. A setup for a human trafficking ring. Megan and I were the victims. To this day, I have no idea where Megan is. This episode scarred me for life and completely changed the course of my career. Story two. What I'm about to tell you is something that even today I still find hard to believe. Strange things happen all the time. Sure. But what I experienced was completely beyond imagination. Even now, every time I hear the word only fans, my stomach turns. This happened when I was in college, so it wasn't that long ago. I was studying engineering and spent countless hours in the library, either doing homework or catching up with classmates. The library was a peculiar place. It attracted all kinds of students from campus, each with their own ideas, styles, and ways of thinking. That diverse environment made it easy to meet people with interests completely different from your own. One of those people was a very attractive young woman named Rose. Our first conversation was pretty casual. something about the weather or the shoes we were wearing, something like that. But over time, we came to consider each other good friends. Eventually, we added each other on social media, and that's when I noticed it. In the bio of her Instagram profile, there was a link to her Only Fans account. Personally, I didn't mind at all. It's something that's becoming more and more common these days. However, I quickly realized that Rose's Only Fans account was a hot topic on campus. Most students seemed to have an opinion about it. Some admired her confidence in the fact that she was so open about what she did, while others harshly judged her, believing she didn't respect herself and would do anything for money. Honestly, I didn't lean one way or the other. But one night, Rose launched a sort of promotion on her Only Fans account, and my curiosity was peaked. She was offering a free month of content, probably to attract more subscribers. The truth is, I hadn't planned to sign up for Only Fans that night, but since it was free, I figured why not? After all, everyone was talking about it. So, I used one of my spam emails and subscribed. I didn't find anything out of the ordinary. Nothing unexpected. Sure, it was a bit awkward to see pictures of Rose like that, but what else did I expect? I noticed she had quite a lot of followers. I imagined she was probably making good money with it. A week or two went by and honestly I forgot I had subscribed. It was interesting to check it out, but I had other priorities until one day a friend of mine from college called me in a panic saying something weird was going on. He asked me to check her Only Fans and social media accounts. I opened the platform and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. There was an image on the homepage with a message claiming Rose had been kidnapped. The supposed kidnappers were demanding a huge amount of money for ransom. They said that if the money wasn't raised within a few days, they would hurt her or worse. They also claimed she was being held in a secret location to prevent anyone from finding her. I thought it was a really sick joke. I messaged her through every possible channel over and over, but got no response. I asked others if they'd heard anything, and no one had. We were all panicked, not knowing what to think or how to act. Was this some kind of setup? Was Rose okay? Then we realized something disturbing. No one had seen Rose at all that week. Not even her closest friends knew where she was. We waited another day, thinking she'd pop up and say it was all a prank. But that never happened. We started searching for her all over campus, from her usual spots to the most obscure. There was no sign of her. We asked her professors and they all gave us the same answer. She hadn't been to class all week. Things were starting to take a worrying turn. Some of her friends reached out to her family, but they didn't know anything either. No one had any idea where she was. We began to feel real fear. Still, we hesitated to pay the ransom. We were afraid it was just a scam to keep asking for more money. The situation was reported to university authorities and a formal police report was filed. At first, only campus security got involved, but soon it became an official investigation. The police fully committed. They were baffled. They had dealt with kidnapping cases before, sure, but for criminals to demand ransom through Only Fans, that was unheard of. They searched the entire campus but found no leads. Eventually, they obtained a warrant to search her dorm. Everything looked normal except her essentials like her pillows and laptop were gone. That made it seem like she had left on her own before disappearing. Security footage confirmed that her car had left the parking lot on the same day she was supposedly kidnapped. The mystery was deepening. We were all terrified. Given her fame, beauty, and wealth, it was entirely possible some obsessed fan or unstable person had made her a target. Some people started gathering money and sending it to the supposed kidnappers, afraid something terrible might actually happen to her. A day later, the case went viral. The hashtag numbers save Rose was all over social media. It even made the local news. Pressure on authorities grew, and with the increased attention, the state police also got involved. The operation intensified. Money continued to be raised and eventually the full ransom amount was collected. But hours passed without any confirmation that Rose was okay. Were they playing with us? Were they going to ask for more? Then the next day, a response finally came. A highway patrol officer identified a vehicle registered to Rose, which had also been listed as missing. He activated his lights and pulled the car over. When he approached the window, he found Rose sitting alone. She was immediately removed from the car and everything was thoroughly inspected. No one else was inside. News that Rose had been found spread like wildfire. She was taken to the police station for questioning. We were all relieved, though confused. No one understood what had actually happened. But at least she was alive. However, things started to get even stranger. Rose didn't have a single scratch. Paramedics and detectives found no signs of physical or psychological trauma. Her demeanor was distant, evasive. She gave vague answers and showed no signs of having gone through a traumatic event. After several unanswered questions, she was released. She returned to campus and everyone welcomed her back with excitement. There were a lot of questions, but Rose didn't want to answer any of them. We assumed that after something like that, she just needed time. One day, after everyone had left her apartment, I tried to talk to her in private, but her behavior was still odd. She avoided every question with a strange attitude. I left confused, but I couldn't get any of this out of my head. Something didn't add up. And then the next morning, my phone blew up with the notifications. Rose had been arrested. According to multiple news outlets and people we knew, it had all been staged. Rose had faked her own kidnapping to get money and media attention. She had planned it all. The missing items from her room, like her laptop, she had taken with her. She had stayed in a secluded hotel near the coast, far enough not to raise suspicion, but close enough to stay comfortable. She stayed there for several days, waiting for the ransom money to be paid. Police tracked her down by reviewing traffic cameras. They discovered where she had gone before and after the disappearance. She was sued for all the money collected as ransom and faced multiple legal charges. Among them, she was accused of making false reports and causing public panic. The sentence was clear. One year in prison for accumulated misdemeanors. I was in shock when I found out. We all felt betrayed. How could we fall for that? How could she do something like that? Since then, I haven't heard anything about Rose. But this is a story I'll never forget. From that day on, the name only fans never sounded the same to me again. Story three. What I'm about to tell you will probably sound unbelievable. Something I wouldn't have imagined happening to me even in my worst nightmares. Honestly, there aren't enough words to describe the level of fear and anxiety I experienced that day. Never in my life had I truly feared for my safety until that moment. And ever since then, I can assure you I'll never go near Only Fans again. This happened around 2017 when Only Fans wasn't very wellnown yet. It had only launched a year earlier. One day, scrolling through my Instagram feed, I came across the profile of a very pretty girl from my town. Although we had never spoken, her face looked familiar. At the time, I was pretty introverted, socially awkward, and had a lot of people added on social media that I had never even spoken to. The only reason I had Facebook and Instagram accounts was to feel like I belonged in the college environment. For reasons I still don't understand, many attractive women would follow me back when I followed them. At first, I thought it was because we had mutual friends, or maybe because I was a good-looking guy. But I later realized it was just a tactic. follow more people to gain popularity. It had nothing to do with my appearance. Back then, I used to like and comment on many beautiful girls posts. Some people called me a s for that. And if one of them replied or liked something back, I'd immediately head to their PayPal or Cash App link and send them a generous tip along with a grateful message. I'm not proud of that behavior, but at the time, that's what fed my self-esteem. It was a sad way to try to get noticed. The worst part is that I never even dared message them directly. I didn't even try to start a conversation. And deep down, I absurdly hoped that one of them would message me first, as if money could buy attention. With all that said, you can imagine my excitement when I saw a new link in the bio of one of my favorite girls. I opened it immediately and found a page called Only Fans. I got excited. Now I could subscribe and watch any girl strip without having to constantly tip or bother them in the messages. Even though it was another money pit, I felt like I'd hit the jackpot. So I did what felt natural. I subscribed. I wanted to believe I was her first subscriber. At first, she seemed shy. She didn't show much of her body, and that disappointed me. For the $15 a month I was paying, I expected more. The content she posted felt like stuff she could have easily uploaded to Instagram. Nothing explicit, no nudity, but like a true simp. I thought if I stayed subscribed, eventually she'd notice me, maybe even message me first. Months passed. The content started to get more daring. Now there were some nude photos, though I wanted to see even more. Back then, I was studying and working at Starbucks, and everything I earned went into donations for her. In some absurd way, I believed she was the one. I fantasized that one day we'd meet and fall in love. One day, I found out that Only Fans had added a new feature. You could now message the model directly and request custom photos for an additional fee. I got excited. Now, I could get more intimate content. So, I gathered up the courage and wrote to her. I'd never been that nervous. I didn't know what to expect, but to my surprise, she replied, and that's how we really started to get to know each other. I couldn't believe it. It was happening. First, she sent me some photos for $100. Then, she asked if I was from the same city as her. She had looked me up on Instagram and found my profile. My username was my full name. Unfortunately, my browser had autofilled the information and I didn't notice before hitting continue. She realized she had seen me in person several times. I panicked. I was sweating cold. I didn't want her to know who I was. Normally, I used fake names based on video game characters. But this time, everything was out in the open. I didn't know how to react. I was terrified at the thought of her friends or acquaintances finding out what I'd been doing. I imagined the mockery I'd face at college. I thought of a thousand ways to get out of the situation, but I couldn't find any, so I just replied yes. From that moment on, the conversation flowed. She recognized me, too. She said she had seen me around campus a few times. One of her friends even lived there. We started realizing we'd crossed paths many times without knowing. We had a lot in common. It was amazing. I never imagined I could have such a deep and long conversation with someone, especially through Only Fans. I no longer cared about requesting pictures. I just wanted to know how she was doing, how her day had been. I felt like for the first time, I had something resembling a real relationship. Over time, I realized that money doesn't win anyone over. The irony was that now, without spending a single scent, she was paying more attention to me. One day, she told me I was such a nice guy that she wanted to move our conversation to Instagram. She even gave me her number to call her. I was ecstatic. Did she really want to take our relationship to the next level? Was this real? I thought I was destined to be alone, hiding behind a screen, but there I was talking to a beautiful girl. And all thanks to Only Fans. We kept chatting on Instagram and I decided to call her. It was the first time I'd spoken on the phone with someone without having a panic attack. Her voice was soft, warm. We talked for hours. Everything just flowed. We had the same personality, the same sense of humor. It felt unreal. I gathered the courage and asked if she wanted to meet in person. She enthusiastically said yes. We set a date in time. I felt on top of the world. After years of feeling invisible, finally someone was paying attention to me. I put on my best clothes, got a haircut, and ordered an Uber to her neighborhood. I was euphoric. But when I arrived, I noticed something strange. There was a suspicious guy hiding behind a tree. He had a hood up and I couldn't see his face. He gave me a bad feeling, but my excitement for the date made me ignore it. She opened the door and she was even more beautiful in person. We started walking. At first, there were some awkward silences, but then we relaxed and the conversation flowed. Everything went great. At the end, I walked her home and we said goodbye with a smile. But as I turned to leave, I saw the same strange man from before. This time, he was approaching. He tried to act casual, looking around, avoiding eye contact, but he was only about 10 ft away. "Hey, you," the man said. Yes, I replied nervously. Stop right there. Come here. I stopped confused. Then he asked, "Who are you to her?" "What kind of question was that?" I tried to come up with an answer, but his expression changed to uncontrollable rage. His eyes were filled with fury. "Are you trying to steal my girlfriend? You've crossed the line," he shouted. "No, wait. I think you're confused," I replied, trembling. I slowly backed away, hands raised. I looked at his pockets, both hands inside his hoodie. His face shifted to pure rage. He started breathing heavily, grinding his teeth. "You shouldn't have come," he muttered. And then he pulled a gun from his pocket and fired. I fell to the ground. I was so shocked I couldn't feel any pain. I couldn't even breathe. I just stared at him, adrenaline surging through me. Then he ran off. Seconds later, I screamed with everything I had. The pain finally hit me. I looked at my legs. I had two holes, one in each knee. I writhed in agony until I lost consciousness. I woke up in the hospital. My mother was next to me crying and smiling at the same time. She told me that a neighbor had heard the shots and found me bleeding out. The police arrested the attacker hours later. I underwent several surgeries. The doctor told me I'd walk again, but with limitations. I cried like never before. The pain was unbearable. I couldn't sleep for days. The wounds burned. I kept reliving the gunshots in my mind. That same day, the girl messaged me. She explained everything. The man who shot me was also one of her only fan subscribers. He obsessively followed her on every platform. But unlike me, he had serious mental issues. He genuinely believed she was his girlfriend. He watched her from the trees, stalked her house every day. She didn't know this until police checked the neighborhood security cameras. The guy thought I was stealing his girlfriend and attacked me. Months went by and my health improved, but my legs will never be the same. According to the doctors, the human body rarely fully recovers from a gunshot. I'll never run again or do any major physical activity. I stopped talking to her shortly afterward. There were too many negative emotions tied to all of it. She didn't want to shut down her Only Fans account, so we went our separate ways. I don't know what happened to the man who shot me. Part of me feels compassion for his condition, but another part hopes he spends years in prison. I can never forgive him for what he did. And that was the last time I used Only Fans.

- "Shoutout for Shoutout: A Social Media Strategy to Promote Your OnlyFans and Fansly": Kind: captions Language: en Nyota: Welcome to The Camgirl Babe's Podcast, I'm your host Nyota. On today's episode, I'm going to talk about promoting your OnlyFans and Fansly using the shoutout for shoutout strategy. Shoutout for shoutout (S4S) is a social media marketing strategy where two accounts agree to promote each other's content to their respective followers. In this arrangement, one account will share a post or profile of the other account on their page, and the other account will do the same for them. The goal of S4S is to increase exposure and gain more followers by leveraging each other's existing audience. S4S is a common practice among content creators on OnlyFans and Fansly to promote each other's pages to their own audience. Here's how to do a shoutout for shoutout on OnlyFans and Fansly: The first step is to find other creators with a similar following. Look for creators in your niche who have a similar following to yours. This ensures that you are reaching a relevant audience. The second step is to reach out to them. Once you've found a creator you want to collaborate with, reach out to them with a message asking if they would be interested in doing a shoutout for shoutout. The third step is to agree on the terms. Make sure you both agree on the terms of the collaboration. This includes how long the shoutout will be posted, what the post will include (e.g., photo, video, caption), and when it will be posted. The fourth step is to create the content. Create a post promoting your page and send it to them to post on their page. Make sure to include a call-to-action encouraging their followers to check out your page and follow you. The fifth step is to post the shoutout. Once you receive the post from the other creator, post it on your page as agreed upon. Make sure to tag them in the post so their followers can easily find them. The final step is to track the results. After the shoutout has been posted, track the results to see if it has helped increase your followers and engagement. If it's successful, consider doing more shoutouts in the future. I have used shoutout for shoutout so many times before and I can recommend this 100%. I gained fans from other creators and they gained fans from me. At the moment of recording this podcast, I don't use the strategy only because it takes time and planning and I am spending that time creating this content for you guys. I will definitely get back to it ASAP. If you want to see successful results with this promoting strategy make use you use quality content while promoting. Also, have shoutout for shoutout etiquette, follow all the agreed-upon instructions, and be trustworthy. Don't use locked content, this is not the time to sell, this is the time to promote. On Twitter, you can reach out to other creators in your niche and ask if they would be interested in doing a shoutout for shoutout exchange. You can also use hashtags related to your niche and engage with other creators to increase your visibility. On Telegram, you can join groups or channels related to your niche and offer to do a shoutout for shoutout exchange with other creators. On Instagram, you can reach out to other creators in your niche and ask if they would like to do a shoutout exchange. You can also use hashtags and engage with other creators in your niche to increase your visibility. That's all for today. In future episodes, we will explore more marketing strategies to gain fans on your OnlyFans and Fansly. So, like, subscribe, and share with a friend who might find this beneficial as well. Until next time, BYE.

- Top10 Secrets Every OF & FANSLY Creator Should Know (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en This video is sponsored by Asley. From hashtag lists and promo strategies to readytouse templates and underrated platforms, in this video I'd like to share practical tools, tips, and free resources with you my wife and I collected during the last 5 years on our own journey as adult content creators. Whether you're just starting out or you're looking to take your OFO fancy journey to the next level, these resources can help you save time, boost your visibility, and of course, make you more money. And because I can't show you most of the links and websites provided in this video, I've created a link tree for everything I'm going to share with you now and put the link in the description box below. I'm the summary guy. And now without any further ado, let's dive right in. [Music] Do you sometimes feel like you just can't think of any more captions for your posts? My wife and I have definitely experienced this more than once, which is why I started a list of captions for such situations and have been constantly adding to it. If you need inspiration for your captions as well, just check the link tree. In one of my older videos, I've already mentioned the website Lingo Jam, which allows you to convert regular text to uni-ode symbols, which then can be copied and pasted in order to make your posts and messages, especially on fancy, more prominent. The problem is that once you've published such a post or sent such a message with uni-ode symbols, it's not possible to copy the uni-ode text and for example, save it as regular text anymore. But luckily, there's this online converter which does exactly that. Converting uni-ode text back into regular text. Adding hashtags to your promo posts on Fley's for you page is extremely important because otherwise your posts just wouldn't show up on Fancy Search page when someone looks up a certain hashtag. And although the total number of views for a certain hashtag is displayed in the upper leftand corner of each search results page, Ansley doesn't provide a complete list of all hashtags which have been used so far sorted by popularity. For example, so approximately a year ago, I've spent some time and created a list with over 250 of the most popular hashtags together with their view counts myself. Last week, I updated the numbers once again and uploaded the list to Google Drive. To download the full hashtag list for free, just click on the link of my link tree down below. Even though I personally don't really get it, I guess you'll agree that custom ratings of certain body parts based on provided images are super popular on OF and Fansely. And I'm pretty sure you've probably received more than one request like that already. Am I right? Whether it's in text or in video form, these kinds of ratings are always a great way to make money. But on Reddit, there are quite a few posts, especially from creators who are new to the platform, asking how to structure and present a rating like that. In case you can relate to that, you might want to check out the next download link of my link tree list. It's a copy of our own rating template you can use for both text and video ratings alike. Before we continue, let me introduce you to the sponsor of today's video, Ashley. Registered in the United States, Ashley is literally the most powerful management software I've seen so far, made specifically for fancy creators, and it comes with some really cool and unique features. For example, it's not just another website. Instead, these guys have created their own app available for both Windows and Mac users. Run it like any other app. Create your user account and connect your fansly in less than 3 minutes. Now you have access to Asley's advanced messaging features. For example, for each one of your fans, there is this column on the right which allows you to assign a customized tag, keep track of personal informations, select where a fan came from and check their spending habits. Or you know how powerful F's automated welcome messages are, right? Well, only you have access to a feature called scripts, which is basically the same, but for regular chats with your fans. Simply set up predefined chat snippets for multiple steps in conversations with your fans. You can even add a price and media files to each script. And in case you're running a fancy agency, I would even go so far as to say that is a must-have tool for you because that's where this app really shines. Not only can you connect all your creators fencley profiles with at once, but you can even open them all at the same time in taps as you can see here. And in addition, you can display any fencley window or chat for each creator in this lower row also at the same time. Furthermore, there's a built-in employee manager, which lets you invite your whole team to Asley with you, having full control over each team member's role and permissions. Simply assign your employees to the creator profiles they work on. Switch between creator profiles in one click. Annotations for each fan always inside. Never ever send out media twice by accident again. Manage and monitor all members of your team efficiently. And boost your chat productivity with predefined message scripts. And how much does all of that cost? And this is where I was finally convinced, by the way, because instead of a fixed monthly fee, Ale goes the extra mile and charges based on your total earnings starting at $0. in case you're new to the platform. How cool is that? I mean, they they even accept crypto. Come on. After a rather unpleasant experience with tools I promoted in the past, >> I did my research this time and Ashley definitely is here to stay. Just click the link in the description box below and see for yourself. It's worth it. This next one requires a little bit of effort, but if you follow through, it can really set you apart from your competitors. The idea is simple, but incredibly effective. Any caption or message you use more than once, record it as a short video and upload it together with your regular text caption. This might sound like a small thing, but from a subscriber's perspective, it creates a much more personal and engaging experience. Imagine someone visiting your profile for the first time. Instead of having to read your bio, they find a free video which shows you telling them what they are about to experience on your profile. This first impression instantly feels way more authentic than any text ever could. Once they follow you, they will of course receive your usual welcome message, but this time it's not just text attached. They'll find a free video again which shows you thanking them personally for following. The next day, they find your first PPV message in their inbox with the regular text caption, but they don't have to read it because the first video is free and shows you again telling them what they can expect of your content behind the payw wall. All you need to do is to record yourself reading out loud all the captions you either have available already or have to write anyways. It's the same for your story posts, all your other automated messages, for example, to your expired subscribers or your automated thank you DMs when you received a tip. Every message becomes a chance to show your personality and build a way stronger bond with your followers and subscribers. Sure, it takes some time to set it all up, but the payoff is huge. While most of your competitors rely on text alone, going the extra mile by adding your face and your voice will definitely make your profile stand out. And that's it for today's video. Thank you so much for watching. Now, don't forget to check out Asley. And if you found this video helpful, please hit the like and subscribe button. It's just a few clicks for you, but it allows me to continue running this channel and to upload new videos way more frequently. Stay busy until we meet again. Happy creating and until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Helga-v6b [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing such valuable content! I’ve been applying these lessons on BongaCams and honestly, all my goals started falling into place — it feels unstoppable 🍀

- Why fansly, how it works, promote it and gain subscribers?: Kind: captions Language: en hi there i'm lexi frenchteen i'm a top creator only fans and fansly i'm so happy to be here because in a few months i made it to the top 0.8 of creators and made thousands of dollars so i want to share my tips with you if you are thinking about starting a friendly page you're in the right place in this video i'm gonna talk about why fonsley has become the first option for not save forward content creators and how to run a successful one are you ready let's do this this video is for people that want to switch to fansly from only fans or that are new to this and want to start the fansly so you're probably heard of the news of only fans banning sexually explicit content so people is freaking out searching for a new platform fansley confirmed that they will never restrict other content so it's great news for our creators but why is families the best option it's basically like only funds but way better it's as like a more intuitive interface more options you can control who can see your content it's more organized you can organize your content by albums you have more tools to monitor your incomes the earnings split is the same as only fans so they take 20 percents and you got 80 people can automatically follow your account for free and be restricted to what they can see or subscribe for a price or have a full access to everything so you have followers for free and subscribers that pay the content management is so much easier also there is no content restriction as long as it's not breaking the low another great thing is that they have chargeback protection it's so useful if you are planning to do a live streaming that way people can't reverse tips like it happens a lot on only fans there is also a web app and you can set up notifications for messages for example you have three payout methods skrill paxum or bank transfer you can set up pay for messaging um plenty of options that only fans didn't have and also fanzily confirmed that in twitter that they are lowering the pay minimum very soon which means you can request a payout whenever you want now that you have all the pros to start a fansli let's talk about how to start and sign in the first thing to do is choose your username make it appealing easy to remember if you come from only fans use the exact same name so people can find you soccer minutes about referral links make sure to use a referral code when you sign in it's totally free for you for you and it's the best way to help creators let me explain for example if you use my referral link it's totally free for you and it doesn't change anything for you but i'm earning five percent more if a creator uses your code you will earn five percent of their income for a year this isn't taking money from the other creator it's just extra so if you want to use mine it's lexitine you can also refer to a fan and earn one percent of their purchase for 90 days so great way to support each other so once you sign in and enter the referral code it's time to get verified it's really easy you have to follow the steps and give your basic info and upload two photos one of your id and one of you holding your id and an unread and note with your name today's date and return for fanzily i got verified in just a few hours make sure it's high quality photo and that you can easily read what's written on your id and the notes after that you can add a payout method you just have to select your country and choose between screen paxum or bank transfer really easy then you can go to profile and edit your profile in the about section make it appealing explain in a few words who you are what makes you special what to expect on your page make it simple but catchy then head to the creator dashboard to set up the subscription plans ok it can look overwhelming because there are a lot of options but in reality it's really easy for each tier you can decide of the price the builder the bundle deals and the content accessibility for example you can create a cheap tier for basic content or just pictures and an audio tier that has access to everything or to more explicit content or videos and also it's good to know that fans that subscribed at lower tier can buy content available to higher tier if they want one video but don't want to subscribe for the higher surprise for example so you can make posts that are only visible to specific tiers and you also add a price to the post so people can purchase it without any subscription you have to give a title to the tier for example you can go with silver gold platinum vip or any title that looks good for you once the subscription plans is set up go back to the creator dashboard and go to dm permission and decide who can send you a dm and who can message you it's very important depending on your strategy head to automated message to set up a welcome message that's when they subscribe they will receive like it's great for a presentation thank them for subscribing and guide them through your page get them excited to be here okay so the next step is to start posting before promoting your page you should have at least 100 photos and a few videos i know it can seems a lot but you have to give people a reason to subscribe you can start posting like 10 per day and the first week and then go back to a normal rhythm once everything is set up and you have plenty of photos and videos you have a beautiful description your page is ready how to get subscribers and promote your page so first make it appealing like catchy description what to expect when you subscribe set up subscription bundles or promotions if you're transitioning from only fans you can offer your current subscribers a discount or a gift link to encourage them to follow you on the new platform so to promote your family without being banned from only fans you can send a message to your subscribers with a document attached that has the link inside just use a google doc and send it as a link and that's it promoting your family page isn't that different than with only fans the good news is that there is a discovery page with suggestions so people can find you here too and it's easier so the best way to promote your page is through social media if you already have a fanbase it's great like for instagram for example it can help you a lot if you don't or if you are anonymous just like me there are other ways the best places to promote it read it and twitter because they allow full nudity tiktok and instagram can give you a huge push even if they don't allow explicit but if i were you i will start with reddit and twitter you can follow threads comment on posts post pictures there are plenty of ways and plenty of people so it's great for you also shout outs are [Music] are a great way to gain subscribers you can ask another model for a shout out for shout outs or you you just can pay another creator for a shout out on her page make sure to ask for a following statistics before and set up price together okay that's everything you need to know to start a successful page don't forget to use my referral code like sitting if you sign in and don't hesitate to ask me in the comment section below any question you have if you found this video useful don't forget to subscribe to my channel and give a thumbs up see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennw6354 [8 likes]: One of the best explanations I've heard and I've watched maybe 30 video's on Only Fans/Fansly topics, where people ramble on about off topic subjects. Thanks for being so well organized!
  2. @lexiteen1646 [5 likes]: 💕Subscribe to my private page💕
https://fans.ly/r/Lexiteen
💕Sign in to Fansly💕 https://fans.ly/application/form?r=Lexiteen
  3. @Izahpretty [5 likes]: I just started my fansly as well recently wish me luck 🤞
  4. @jniellerivers5938 [3 likes]: Are you from France or Canada? Your accent is very sexy!! On another note thank you for the tips! I was completely lost when I signed up
  5. @Sukayoutubas [1 likes]: check mine Fansly @apollonfromeu
  6. @bloomy27 [1 likes]: I started fansly but I not getting subs what can I do ?
  7. @agalIam [1 likes]: terrible vid. helps not at al
  8. @ayakizleriTR [1 likes]: Can you do an update video on fansly please?  Merci beaucoup
  9. @ninglems9077: Hi Lexi 
 Do u have a new video
I’m new in fansly.
  10. @Wakin_28: Hi I want to apply As A chatter
  11. @PepeOrtiz-ki5uu: I made 10 k with Only4feet and callingfans
  12. @JesusAguilar-ux8ii: callingfans and only4feet have more features and work well
  13. @kinkygma: Please turn up volume
  14. @HermesYTube: Акцент выходца СНГ "прекрасен". Как в шаблонных фильмах о русских
  15. @kinkygma: I cannot hear you😢
  16. @SweetDanielle48: I got only fans ..I like to try fanly is it easier
  17. @carleyeaton9879: Hi thanks for the video i have followers on fansly but no subs yet any suggestions?? Xx
  18. @Mid-No-Sense: Trying to build my following thanks for the tips! https://fans.ly/BubbleSite
  19. @quartzquantum7530: I recently became your new subscriber yesturday. I think you are hot for a young woman your age. Couldn't find you on Fansly for some odd reason.
  20. @soundbluu: This was so amazing thank you (: used your code

- This 3-Step Strategy Made Her $40,000 Per Month Fast! (On Onlyfans): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how one of my creators just went from earning $36 in a day, $40,000 in 30 days in literally six weeks. No crazy ads, no big following, just a simple six week strategy. And she executed it perfectly. So, if you're an Only Fans creator or if you're an agency owner, take notes because this strategy is what's working right now. When this creator joined us, she was honestly making $ 36 to $40 per day, which is about $1,000 per month. She was posting random content like cosplay pictures, the odd selfie, a little bit of gym content, but she just had no clear content strategy. She was just posting just for posting. It's like building a skyscraper on sand. Like there was just no foundations there whatsoever. The moment that she followed our system, it was like strapping some jets to a bicycle. Like she was off. She took to it really, really. And within the first 30 days, she'd gained over 3,000 fans. and 2,500 of those fans was in the space of 72 hours where one of her pieces of content did do relatively well. Now, fast forward like 30 days, she's now earning $40,000 consistently. So, step one is the 6 week organic content road map. And it's essentially just a six week content crash course for creators. And we designed it specifically or mainly for creators who didn't have that eye for content. They didn't know how to grab people's attention and hook them in in that first couple of seconds. So we we made it so that we could turn creators who just didn't know how to make viral content into viral content machines within 6 weeks. And we focus on visibility, virality, and value. And then throughout that 6 weeks, we're making little changes. So if something's working for this creator's target audience, we'll tell them to do more of that. If something doesn't go down so well, we'll be looking at why it didn't. We can get them to stop doing that as much. But before we make the start on the sixe road map, it's important to get the creator to choose their content verticals. And I do that in an onboarding call with them. And this creator specifically that I'm speaking about. I don't know what it was, but she was super receptive to everything that I said on that call. And I got on really well with her from the get-go. We had like a good connection and I couldn't really put my finger on why we were getting along so well. And I said to her, "How how did you find us? Like how did you come to our agency?" And she said, "Oh, I watched your YouTube channel. I watched all of your videos." And I was like, "Really?" She was like, "Yeah, they were really helpful." I was like, "Oh, okay." Being a little bit modest. And I think because she felt like she knew me from watching me speak. And then that showed me that she was like really attentive to the conversation. It just made us both like bounce off each other. And I could tell from that first on boarding call, I r my business partner up and I said, "This creator is going to be good." Like she's she's on it. Like she's fired up. So I said to her like, "Choose your verticals. Let me know what you choose and we'll go from there." So, she chose like podcasts, she chose skits, um, and a bunch of other things like really bold like, you know, out there. To say that this creator had gone from taking cosplay pictures and selfies and a couple of gym videos to then going out there and literally speaking to the camera from zero to 100. She absolutely crushed it. And I always say to anyone that's choosing content verticals, choose something that you're good at, something that you enjoy doing, and something that you can do every day without there being any friction. So, for example, if you choose podcast, yet the podcast studio that you want to use is 2 hours away and the nearest person to actually do it with you lives 4 hours away and they're only going to do it every 2 weeks, then there's probably no point doing it. So, once she chose her verticals and she was confident that she was happy with what she needed to do, I talked her through the process of what she needed to do to bulk create content consistently to stop her from burning out and to help her create as much content as possible every single week so that she can post every single day. So, the process is simple. It's right. You've got your five verticals. On a weekend when you're not filming, find these ideas that you want to use or copy or put your own spin on or write down some things that you want to talk about. Get yourself 21 ideas or pieces of content that you're going to do. Film them throughout that week, but don't post them. And hopefully you'll get them done on a Monday and Tuesday. It's going to be quite difficult to get 21 reals, but it's doable. It sounds like a lot, but once you have the plan that we give them, it makes it super super simple. So that way, she wasn't creating content every single day. She was just having one or two high impact days getting all that content ready. Spent the rest of the week just scheduling, doing captions, getting it all ready for the following week. Then when the following week came, she had three posts to post every single day. And Instagram just loves consistency, especially when it's actually good content as well. Step two was to get her to post three call to actions on her story every single day. And this is the same protocol that we use for all of our creators. We always say three call to actions, morning, afternoon, and night. And a call to action is basically telling someone to come and subscribe to your OAF. So you don't put your OF link directly on your story or use a landing page. But we want to see our creators posting three different images or videos morning, afternoon, and night with their link there and some writing telling them to come and subscribe. And it can be something simple. It doesn't need to be sexualized. It can be you in a dressing gown with your coffee on a morning saying, "Who's coming to chat? I've got the day off work and I'm lonely." The reason why you do morning, afternoon, and night is because you never know when somebody's going to subscribe. People are impulsive. People that subscribe to Only Fans, they don't plan it the night before and go, "Oh, tomorrow I'm going to come to her Only Fans if she's put some good content on." They literally are scrolling. They're in the mood for it. They see your content. Oh, I can come and talk to her. She's got the day off work. Let's go. That's how it happens. So, this creator is then posting free call to actions every single day. She's not getting her account banned because it's nothing risky. And she's when she's posting reels consistently and bringing traffic to her page, they watch her story. they see the link, even though it's in the bio, they see it on the story. It's so much easier to click, sends them straight through. Step three is to tailor Only Fans content to their specific fans. And this is a secret weapon. This is something that barely any Only Fans creator does, and it's a big, big mess up. They'll create content and they'll send it to fans hoping that it's something that they like. But we've flipped that. We've created content that her fans already proved and shown us that they've liked. So, we've gone through their chats and seen what content they've bought. We put them into lists and we get our creator to follow a plan based on what their fans like to see. So, we've studied what they like and we've just served them more of it. So, you know, it's not a guessing game anymore. It was the gourmet menu and they are starving. So, they are buying that food. And just by tracking the performance of her sales so we can see what is working and what's not. Results in higher engagement rate, higher open rate, and way higher PPV buying rate. And it's always higher price as well. When you stop guessing your audience, when you stop playing that guesswork and just praying and start diving in and going off actual datadriven decisions, you make better content and you sell it for more and more people buy it. And the final step to bring all this together, step four, is going live on social media, specifically Tik Tok. We give the creators a specific Tik Tok live strategy guide. Obviously, you can't have your OAF link in your Tik Tok bio. It's a it's a no-go. You will get banned. But there is ways to drive traffic from Tik Tok to your Instagram page and then through to your Only Fans page. So this all works as one big circular motion. So our creators usually go or typically go live on Tik Tok for 1 hour following a content vertical or strategy that we've given them which sends traffic from Tik Tok to their Only Fans page where they are posting three reels per day, three call to actions per day and then straight through to their Only Fans page where we have tailored content ready to go out at a high price. Our creators also go live on Only Fans once per week, not to put a show on, not to do some live strip tees, not to make any extra cash, but purely just to build relationships with their fans. So, if you're an OF creator watching this and you're a bit shy on going live and you're a bit like, "Oh, I don't really want to put a live show on. I don't really know what to say." It's just as simple as show these fans that you are a human being. If you can do that and just sit there on live and be like, "Hi, I just wanted to jump on. How are you?" And just be a little bit bubbly. Don't be like shy and be like, "Hi, I just wanted to say hello. Yeah, what you doing?" Just be yourself, but just have that little 10% extra energy. And if you spend one hour a week on Only Fans Live, I guarantee you as soon as you finish that live, you'll have like 20 people messaging like, "Oh my god, I love seeing you live. Like, when can we do this? Can I buy this content? Can I do this custom?" The the customs will flood in because people on Only Fans don't want to just buy content. They don't love that transactional feeling. That's not why they're doing it. They're not obsessed with spending money. Yes, there is whales who spend cash. But the reason why, especially in 2025 and the strategy has switched up so much. The reason why only fan subscribers spend money is because they become obsessed with the creator. They have an online girlfriend in their mind. So, you need to give them that experience. You need to build that relationship. Get in them chats and literally show your fans how much you want to speak to them, how how interested you are in their lives. Get that comfortable relationship going. Then they will spend money. But you going live on OF once a week and showing your presence and showing them that it's you, that's going to make you more money. So, let's recap how this creator went from $36 a day to 40k per month. 6 week content roadmap. That means it's a crash course. You need to be creating 21 reels per week, posting three reels per day based on five content verticals that you want to create. If you have no idea what content verticals are, give me a DM on Instagram at thejuke and I'll give you access to my content verticals. You also want to be posting three call to actions on your story per day, not your OF link because it will get you blocked. Just use your like your landing page link. Create specific only fans content depending on your fans wants and needs. Go live on Tik Tok for at least one hour per day. You haven't got the Tik Tok live strategy. In fact, DM me on IG. I'll give you the live strategy for free. and then go live on Only Fans for one hour per week. That is it. And just build a relationship. There is no luck in this game. Like you will not get lucky if you just keep posting on Instagram thinking this might go viral, this might send traffic, this might do this. You're just posting to your current followers. Instagram is not going to show you to non-followers. You need a strategy. You need to look at data. You need to get techy with it. If you're a creator and you genuinely do want help. It doesn't matter what level you're at. If you are earning 5K a month and you're struggling or if you're earning 50 to 100K per month and you want to make more, we can help you. Like we have systems for absolutely everyone. We know how to scale any creator. So if you do want help or if you want access to the content verticals or if you want free access to the Tik Tok live strategy, I don't care. I'm not trying to gateep it. I give it to our creators and sometimes our creators leave and take it with them. I'm not like give me that back. I will just give it to creators because I was a creator myself for 5 years. I know how hard it is and I want to help everyone be successful. It's not going to take any money out of my pocket. So, give me a DM. I'll send you over. If you want to work with us, click the link in the description. That'll take you to our website, amoreconulting.co. Click the link. There's a video on there that you could watch. It tells you exactly what we do. It's actually pretty helpful. So, maybe watch it. It's like 10 minutes long. But also, you can click apply here, fill out a form. We'll see that and we'll get in touch with you. Other than that, if you can't be asked doing that kind of stuff, just hit me a DM on Instagram and I'll speak to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaninm.c4851 [5 likes]: Can you talk about ladies who want to start onlyfans in a  unknown form as in like wearing mask doing your content...?
  2. @kaitlyngovender4327 [4 likes]: Trying to get in touch or join your agency is virtual impossible
  3. @Skyedoeseverything [2 likes]: Step one: be hot
  4. @WorthItorWaste81 [1 likes]: Can you help out with even getting approved to start. Not matter how many times I take a picture of my IF and self keeps getting denied. Pls help.
  5. @walterwhite1 [1 likes]: THANKS BROTHER. NICE TATTOOS THEY LOOK COOL 😎 ON YOU!
  6. @kadijakallon2533: Interesting 🤔
  7. @OptionSpreadProfits: Crazest dude on earth. Cant watch all that disgusting ink
  8. @ZenxbiaMusic: i think it’s funny that ppl r calling OF managers pimps but they’re helping girls make livings for themselves and it’s all their choice lmao
  9. @coffeecrispaddict: Scam
  10. @hemar5862: Could you please guide me on how to grow my OnlyFans page?
  11. @SolangeSolange-t7m: Thanks Ellis,you are an inspiration
  12. @georgiabrown1487: Loved this video thank you so much 
Going to watch all your other videos then dm you
  13. @Joe-y2r9z: Virtual pimp
  14. @BrenninScott: Trying to help my gf with her Only fans and trying to find ways to promote her what are the easiest ways to promote her pics?
  15. @Aschenlu97: Do you also work with social media automation tools?
  16. @J3wlz24: Onlyfans live? I haven't heard of this. Is there a way to stream both twitch and OF?
  17. @christopherwood2290: Only a complete moron gets tattoos on his neck and hands.
  18. @positivity29: Is this strategy only for woman?  I’m a gay creator is this system universal ? Or only for woman ?
  19. @LEELUNK-IS-A-HUNK: CRAZY HOW THESE CHICKS ARE BANKING ON THERE BY POSTING RACHET STUFF LOL
  20. @AveyaAveya: Looking for an agency

- Lawsuit: Facebook violated consumer privacy laws, agrees to settle | Latest World News | WION: Kind: captions Language: en meanwhile matters facebook has finally agreed to settle a data privacy lawsuit the lawsuit is related to facebook letting third parties including cambridge analytica access the private data of its users take a look meta platforms facebook has in principle agreed to settle a lawsuit in the san francisco federal court seeking damages for letting third parties including data of users a court filing showed the financial terms were not disclosed in the filing on friday the judge was asked to put the class action on hold for 60 days until the lawyers for both plaintiffs and facebook finalize a written statement the four-year-old lawsuit alleged that facebook violated consumer privacy laws by sharing personal data of users with third parties such as the now defunct british political consultancy cambridge analytica facebook has said its privacy practices are consistent with its disclosures and quote do not support any legal claims facebook and its lawyers did not immediately respond to a request for more details regarding the statement neither of the two law firms representing the plaintiffs have commented bjorn is now available in your country download the app now and get all the news on the move

  Top Comments:
  1. @LucyLu2019 [8 likes]: Wondering who is getting g the money. Definitely not the victims.
  2. @holly6435 [5 likes]: FACE BOOK OWES ME A FEW MILLION.
  3. @crysed7897 [3 likes]: I have left Facebook for a long time and will never return again 👍
  4. @toxicd.cancer1569 [2 likes]: I hope this shitty app will vanish.
  5. @coldness5842 [2 likes]: Yet you blame China 🇨🇳 for human rights violations. Karma for you.
  6. @ThatTriniGirl [2 likes]: Although Whats App says that your phone call is encrypted, is this really true? Is it possible for someone to be secretly listening to our calls? By giving WhatsApp access to our microphones, is there a possibility that our calls are being monitored WITHOUT our consent? Also when I have mentioned to others on a WhatsApp call that the phone call may be recorded, I received a reminder/notification that the call is "end to end" encryption.

If this lawsuit is occurring then are we all being DECEIVED? A large population of the world especially Indians and the Indian diaspora use WhatsApp.
  7. @xxoo-lp6vc [1 likes]: With Huawei equipments installed, US will lost the backdoor to spy on other countries. So Huawei must be KxxxxxxxxxxxLL
Pentagon Contractor L3Harris Buy Israeli Pegasus Spyware
15 Jun 2022 — Pegasus is considered one of the most powerful tools for hacking smartphones, including the iPhone..
JULY 10, 2015 BERLIN (Reuters) - The U.S. National Security Agency tapped phone calls involving German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her closest advisers for years and spied on the staff of her predecessors, according to WikiLeaks.
  8. @xxoo-lp6vc [1 likes]: 13-8-2022 timesnow，Facebook and Instagram can see what you do on their 'in-app' browser
Ex-Google engineer and privacy researcher, Felix Krause claims Facebook and Instagram 'Inject' their javascript code onto any website to track everything when opened through the 'in-app' browser.
According to Krause's blogpostthe host app (Instagram and Facebook in this case) can track "every single interaction with external websites, from all form inputs like passwords and addresses to every single tap." And they are able to do this "without the consent from the user, nor the website provider."
  9. @xxoo-lp6vc [1 likes]: With Huawei equipments installed, US will lost the backdoor to spy on other countries. So Huawei must be Kxll
Pentagon Contractor L3Harris Buy Israeli Pegasus Spyware
15 Jun 2022 — Pegasus is considered one of the most powerful tools for hacking smartphones, including the iPhone....
JULY 10, 2015 BERLIN (Reuters) - The U.S. National Security Agency tapped phone calls involving German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her closest advisers for years and spied on the staff of her predecessors, according to WikiLeaks.
  10. @koiyujo1543: This is what they get for being stupid and selling data for profit it's stupid and it's all they care about and wanna use the metaverse to poison peoples minds that they are being watched
  11. @irlanzrived4prower427: Iam very disapointed for app fb, my account from 2017 hacked by someone, and when i need to recover, theres had voted from someone thats not so closest to me, why fb says "connected to world", and the others my acvount when not opened 2month, was banned,, what the hell my true identity
  12. @Cookies2132: Everyone should check out Edward Snowden, he blew the whistle on this kind of stuff.
  13. @oleggeraschenko4932: The 0:39 animation is splendid
  14. @ferykaryadijaya2133: Apparently FB is a chinese company..
  15. @dertythegrower: Facebook is used against you for companies... it serves no purpose compared to superior alternatives.
  16. @dertythegrower: Uninstall it people! Why do you all use that app, never was good or different than myspace..
  17. @PassanCat: Out of all the Social media sites, Facebook is the one that censors the least.
But sadly it is also the one that shares information the most.
  18. @teresacullen682: Women. Been abused by social networking  raped hidden in cartoon characters  Google  women set up to be a used through devices  through Google
  19. @kerryjohns1485: It’s chump change compared to what they made selling peoples data
  20. @gabegrace8333: Hope someone litigates FB in Hunter Biden fiasco

- Exposing The Dark Side of America's AI Data Center Explosion | View From Above | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en Giant warehouses are popping up across the US, more than two every week. They feed AI algorithms, store photos, and answer our questions. >> Hey, Google. >> A data center compass like this can consume as much power and water as an entire city. And many of the biggest server farms are emerging from the desert. But there's no official record of how many of these are being built, where they are, or even who owns them. To be honest, I've never really run into so much resistance for records than this project. >> Big tech companies often go to great lengths to hide the details. So, we decided to build a map. >> What we designed is a system to see uh not only the individual location of each data center across the country, but also where they cluster. >> And for some, these clusters are appearing too close to home. We went to meet people who say having data centers next door is affecting their health. I >> had a hard time breathing. I couldn't sleep. I was like I thought I was losing my mind. >> Summertime is more of a during the winter it's like almost like an engine trying to start. >> So how many data centers are there in the US? And is there enough power and water to satisfy a building boom that is only just getting started [Music] where I am standing now is at the middle of the data center capital of the world. This is Lowden County, Virginia, otherwise known as data center alley. And it may not look like much from down here, but just take a look from up above. These are Amazon data centers. Zoom out and you can see tech companies tend to build data centers in clusters where there is a reliable power supply, access to enough water, as well as tax breaks and affordable land. But of course, these tend to also be places where lots of people already live, like Santa Clara County, California, or the most heavily populated part of Arizona, Maricopa County. And of course, here in Northern Virginia, the most densely populated part of the Washington DC metro area, and one of the largest and fastest growing residential areas in the US. Yeah. I mean, I was the fourth um homeowner in this neighborhood. Fourth to occupy a house in this neighborhood. >> Donna Gallant has lived on this street in Prince William County, Northern Virginia for the last 30 years. All very peaceful until 2021 when things started to change. These are Google data centers and ever since they started rising from the ground, Donna has been looking for answers. >> There's no transparency and >> into companies or with local authorities or >> both. >> So anytime you ask a question, it's, oh, we signed an NDA, we can't talk about it. Oh, we're under NDA, we can't talk about it. So there's no transparency at all. >> The site isn't complete yet, but she says the noise is already taking its toll. When I go to my room at night, the tonal noise immediately triggered my anxiety to the point where I couldn't sleep. I ended up having to go down on my first floor and put noise cancelling headphones on just so I could sleep. But for Donna and her neighbors, this is just the start. Over the next few years, they will find themselves surrounded by a string of new data centers >> that's going to go from this road here all the way and around my neighborhood. That's where the data center is going to go and that's going to be 75 ft tall dead smack in the middle of a neighborhood. >> Zoom out a little more and you can see this plot of land. It was originally meant for housing, but in 2023 it was reszoned to clear the way for the construction of data centers instead. Prince William County already has over 70 data centers. But if this master plan for a data center opportunity zone is fully realized together with London County to the north, they'll have more data centers than Russia. Donna set up a local campaign to challenge the reasonzoning, but the lawsuit was dismissed. >> Yeah, it's heart-wrenching. It's heart-wrenching. Do I have ill feelings towards the data center industry for that? Yes, I do. I think we all need it. It's the way the world is going. But do I think dropping it next to people's homes is the right answer? No. There is no definitive public directory of data centers, no official map, no single regulator to ask or government agency to foyer. >> So, you know, it's it's been really tricky to kind of get these records because the companies don't want to disclose all of that information. >> By tricky, we mean redacted records and requests denied on the grounds of trade secrets. It turns out there is one thing that most data centers need. Backup generators in case the grid fails. And anyone who wants to install a generator needs to apply for an air quality permit. So what we set out to do was request all of the permits that are issued to data centers for those backup generators. >> That meant filing public record requests for air permits in every state. They list the capacity of the generator so we can extrapolate the power needs of the data center. They also provide clues about who owns it. Take this hotspot rapidly expanding close to Columbus, Ohio. There are at least 164 emergency generators permitted here. This is a data center where the air permit was applied for by an LLC called Mellin Enterprises LLC. Um, but the company has applied for a trade secrets uh exemption. So, they were actually able to redact pretty much all the information that we wanted. >> But all of the big tech giants must disclose any companies like LLC's that they own. And by digging into their official records, we managed to pull back the mask. And it turns out that the data center in Ohio, >> it's not Mellan Enterprises LLC. That's actually owned by Google. >> This is a task we repeated hundreds of times to build this map. It's the most comprehensive tally to date of America's exploding data center industry. Every dot is a data center large enough to need a permit for its backup generators. These are the facilities either already built or approved for construction at the end of 2024. We reached a total of,240 data centers. That's nearly four times the number in 2010. >> The companies that use the most amount of power in data centers across the country, it probably won't surprise you, are Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Meta, and QTS. Of the data centers we pinpointed, 177 belong to Amazon. And we've just passed the huge Amazon data centers behind us. And already we're straight into a residential area. And you can start to see why these data centers are so controversial. Those boxes on the roof there, that's the uh ventilation for the cooling systems to keep those hundreds and hundreds of servers from overheating and overloading. And these are running 24/7. And there's nowhere else in the world with a higher density of data centers than here in Lowden County, Virginia. As much as a third of the planet's internet traffic flows through the state of Virginia, the 329 data centers we tracked together consumed almost a quarter of the state's electricity in 2023. Tight security by the looks of it. We got pretty high fences with barb wire on top. I don't think we can get much closer. >> It's rare to get a glimpse inside one of these server warehouses. We contacted dozens asking for a tour. Eventually, a small company called Lunavi in Wyoming said yes. >> Hey, Gordon. Welcome to Lunavi. Come on in. I'll show you a tour. >> This 35,000 ft data center is tiny compared to the largest ones in the US. Those can stretch to well over a million square ft. Lunari offers cloud services to customers like betting apps, mapping companies, insurance, and healthcare businesses. Zoom out and you can see that the location is no accident. Cheyenne, the capital of Wyoming, sits on an east west internet superighway. The city is also well connected to renewable energy generated by these wind farms. Wyoming is only a small player compared to Virginia. And to attract more, the state is offering generous tax breaks to encourage the big tech giants like Microsoft. This large data center began emerging from the map south of Cheyenne in 2021. And this is a site belonging to Meta just over the road. >> You're currently within the critical infrastructure space of data center 2 designed to have 800 cabinets roughly at full capacity on that side. So we take the air from the above ceiling grid. We feed it down through the computers. They heat the air up. Comes back out the back and up through the chimney above uh ceiling and then just continually circulates the air. On that perspective, >> Lunari has the space to scale up to the more energy hungry GPU processes used to train AI algorithms. >> So this big white space is future computing. The cabinets in this facility now have a capacity of something like 5 to 10 kW. If they want to build the ones that are going to do AI with graphic processing units, GPUs, that'll go up to something like 70 to 100 kW. GPUs do need more power, but they can complete more tasks than a regular processing chip and in less time. The lower ambient temperatures in the high plains of Wyoming mean data centers use less energy and water to cool themselves. Lunari say they use around 500,000 gallons of water a month when at full capacity. That's roughly the amount of water used by 200 people. The nice cool ambient air temperatures allow us to maintain a low uh PUE uh which is a power usage efficiency which then allows us to just be a lower cost center for our customers and pass those savings on. But this area has been plagued by droughts. So farmers are watching the data center campuses emerging to the south of Cheyenne and getting nervous. This is a story unfolding not just in Wyoming and in Virginia, but across the country. The average American holds hundreds of gigabytes of data in the cloud. Big tech companies, the healthcare and finance sectors, governments, of course, hold much more. We're talking zetabytes of data being stored, processed, and retrieved every day. One zetabyte is 1 trillion GB. Of course, none of this lives up in the clouds. It's stored in large warehouses on the ground. This graph shows the explosion of data centers in the US in just the last 20 years. From above, just little white boxes, but remove the roof and you can see what all the fuss is about. Rows of computer servers performing calculations, training AI models, or storing data. Your social media accounts, photos, and videos live in a place like this. All these machines need power, a lot of it. So do the building's cooling systems and water pumps. The largest data centers can consume over 2 terowatt hours of electricity a year, enough to power 200,000 homes. And just in case the power cuts out, data centers have backup batteries as well as those diesel generators that they need permits for. The byproduct of all that energy use is heat. In many data centers, massive cooling systems suck out hot air and pass it through air conditioning units in a continuous loop. The most common type uses chilled water to absorb heat and release it from a cooling tower. The cooling systems and fans emit a constant drone. The noise level is generally below the limits permitted for industrial zones close to residential areas, but these were never designed with the 24/7 drone of modern data centers in mind. Listen to this. The ambient sound of Dulles Town Center in Northern Virginia recorded on a phone. Three Amazon data centers sit roughly 200 m away. I ran the audio through noise reduction software. Only then do you realize that hidden behind the drone of the data centers, there is bird song about 20 mi south in Manasses, Virginia. Carlos Janis measures the noise from his local Amazon data centers. But again, it's uh pretty much uh what we were experiencing. >> And that's just from your deck out there. >> That's from the deck. >> So, what sort of reading are we getting? >> So, right now it's uh stabilizing, but of course, we're talking. >> He does this twice a day, usually in the evening, and logs his readings with a local residence group. This has been his routine for the last few years. >> It's not something that you just hear. It's something that you just feel and enough to the point when it's really really strong, you can even hear the windows vibrate. >> He spent $20,000 on insulation and replacing all the upstairs windows. >> Still, the sound and the feeling of the constant hum keep him from sleeping. >> I'm getting bombarded each and every night. And again, I can I can feel it. Even if I touch the wall, you could feel the vibrations on the wall. The American Public Health Association says chronic noise exposure can lead to serious health problems like cardiovascular disease or increased stress. Carlos's son started having nightmares >> recently uh with my kid. Uh he's 7 years old. He's he was waking up a few times. I was trying to figure out what was going on. And one day he told me, um, "Dad, there's a spaceship outside." And as a father, it's terrible because I can't do anything about it. >> Since replacing the windows, they've also tried white noise machines. At one point, Carlos moved his whole family down to the basement to try to escape the vibrations. After the local homeowners association raised concerns to county officials and Amazon executives, they initially tried to muffle the sound by putting material around the fans on top of the buildings. When that didn't work, they replaced the fans themselves with taller exhaust vents. The noise level did drop, but Carlos and his neighbors say they can still feel the vibrations from the data centers. An Amazon spokesperson told us the centers operate well below required sound levels. Meanwhile, Carlos feels stuck. He's worried that the data centers will reduce the value of his home and he'll never recoup the money he spent on it, even if he decides to move. And it's not just Amazon to the north. This is what the neighborhood has coming down the line in the years to come. >> I'm not against technology. Um, I'm not against growth. I'm not against what data centers can chip in to the counties themselves. I just believe there we're crossing that fine line that they need to be out away from homes, out away from schools, out away from hospitals. All of these data centers require huge amounts of water. And that's not so much of a problem where there is plenty of water to go around. But in places of drought and water stress like Phoenix in Arizona where my colleague Dacin went there, it's a completely different situation. This is a proposed site for a new data center here in the southwest of Arizona. From what I understand, the only way they're going to get water here is drill into the ground and use groundwater. As the Colorado River makes its way south from the Rockies, its precious water is siphoned off for agriculture, industry, and housing. Since 2000, river flow has shrunk by 20%. So, by the time it reaches Arizona, every drop counts. These maps show how extreme drought has gripped the state since 2000. Zoom out and you can see the entire Southwest is drying up. And then if we overlay the map we've built, you can see the mega thirsty data centers moving in. This Microsoft data center was built in 2019. And over the last 3 years, one has become five. Directly across the street is the uh new Microsoft data center that's being installed. Some of these data centers on the outskirts of town are really being it's really farmland that's being plowed under. uh for the purposes of the data center. >> And as you can see from the air permit documents we requested from the Maricopa County Air Quality Department, this cluster is likely to be huge. We're looking at a total of 280 generators at this facility. So it's a huge amount for a combined capacity of almost 800,000 kilowatts. It's located in an area of extreme water stress and also we can see that the major basin that it's drawing most of its water is coming from the Colorado River. Documents show that Microsoft planned for each of these buildings to use 1 million gallons of water a day. A total of 1.83 billion gallons a year. That's enough water for roughly 61,000 Americans or a city the size of Santa Cruz, California. All this in a desert-like climate that is getting hotter and drier every year. >> And what we found is is that up to 43% of data centers, and this is our largest data centers, are located in areas of high or extremely high water stress. And that's really shocking because data centers require huge amount of drinking water to be able to cool their servers. >> You heard right, hundreds of thousands of gallons of drinking water. More than half of Microsoft's and nearly half of Amazon's data centers are in high water scarcity areas. In many cases, big tech companies have flocked to the desert to take advantage of a string of generous handouts, including tax breaks, affordable land, and cheap electricity. But trying to find out how much water these data centers need, has been difficult. >> A number of these permits um companies apply for what's called a trade secret exemption. But we've been excited to get around 50 records that really show the granular utility uh metered water use of some of the largest data centers in the country. >> Take this example, a Google data center campus in Midlotheian, Texas. Records show it used 160 million gallons of water in 2023, about the same as a small power plant. And this Kindrill data center outside Boulder, Colorado used 84.5 million gallons of water that same year. As this map shows, droughts are common here, too. In Arizona, water is tightly regulated, whether it comes from the Colorado River or is pumped from underground near population centers. But each smaller municipality can decide how it uses its water allocation. And in many parts of the state, there's little to stop companies from sinking their own wells. The big players, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and Meta have pledged to be water positive by 2030, meaning they would restore or save more water than they use. But this is only possible via an elaborate system of water credits or offsetting. Basically, paying other people to save water or mitigate water pollution on their behalf. Another big player is QTS, a supplier of data centers where businesses can rent space for their IT infrastructure. According to our account, the company has 34 data centers in the US. QTS say they are investing heavily in water saving technologies. But not every aspect of their operations conserves water. This is a QTS data center in Aurora, Colorado. Some of these data centers are using more water to irrigate their grass outside than they are to cool their servers inside. An Aurora water official told us this one will need 1.1 million gallons of water a year just for this landscaping. Double the amount used by the building itself. And even if a data center manages to cut back water use, it's a trade-off. for example, you know, just air conditioning of some kind or closed loop systems, you're yeah, you're not going to use as much water, but you are going to substantially increase your overall power demand. So, it's kind of this balancing act where there's no real win here um in terms of what how resource intensive these data centers can be. If you add up all the power needs of the 1,200 plus data centers we tracked together, they could soon consume more than Poland did in 2023. Data centers, particularly driven by AI, could use as much as 600 terowatt hours of power by 2028. I mean, it's a magnitude that we've never really seen across the country before. It's really startling. As states race to fuel the AI boom, some are reversing their green energy promises and turning back to power from coal and natural gas. In Nebraska, the two largest electricity utility companies committed several years ago to net zero emissions from electricity generation by 2050. But just this single metadata campus in Springfield, Nebraska could use as much power in a year as 400,000 homes. One of the state's largest public utilities voted to postpone closing down two coal fired power plants here in Omaha. This image created using satellite data in June 2023 shows a plume of CO2 emissions released from the North Omaha station facility at an estimated rate of 300,000 kg per hour. And in 2025, the utility decided to build two new natural gas plants. All to meet spikes in electricity demand, mainly driven by data centers. And let's not forget the thousands of backup generators we tracked, which even if they run for just a few hours a month, spew harmful pollutants into the air. That means that utility providers are either abandoning their commitments or significantly stalling their commitments to move away from fossil fuel. Um they're not going towards renewable energy sources such as solar or wind, for example, because those resources right now can't sustain the massive power consumption demand. Big data center developers have announced massive investments in renewable projects like solar plants, wind farms, or nuclear power. For example, in Pennsylvania, Microsoft has struck a deal to buy power from the notorious 3mile island nuclear power plant when it reopens in 2027. The plant suffered a partial meltdown in 1979. But just like with the water credits, big tech companies are also looking to offset their carbon footprint by paying others to deliver renewable energy to the grid on their behalf. The big question is, can the already fragile and fragmented grid supported? And if massive infrastructure upgrades are needed, who picks up the tab? Amazon, Microsoft, and Google told Business Insider they were committed to paying their full share for upgrades to grid infrastructure like high voltage power lines. But there's plenty of evidence pointing to the fact that costs are already being passed on to customers. In Virginia, Dominion Energy disclosed that it would need to roughly double its electricity generation by 2039, mainly to meet demand from data centers and electric vehicles. The expansion could cost up to $103 billion, increasing residential electricity bills by as much as 50%. Despite the burden on the grid and on water supplies, some states are doing all they can to attract data centers into their backyards. Many regions simply don't want to miss out on the AI boom or the kudos of having a big tech employer on their doorstep. So far though, the promise of large numbers of jobs has not materialized. A Business Insider analysis found that even the largest data centers employ fewer than 150 permanent workers and some have as few as 25. But the tax breaks keep on coming. >> What we found is that massive corporations are benefiting from various taxes in different states for their data centers. We tracked 37 states offering tax incentive programs to data centers like zero tax on building materials, machinery or equipment, but also preferential rates on water and electricity. In Virginia, 56 data center projects received tax savings of almost a billion dollars in the 2023 fiscal year alone. Take a look at these data centers in New Orle. In 2017, a littleknown LLC called Sidecat went to the city of New Albany in Ohio and said, "We are going to build two gigantic data centers on about 300 acres of land. In return, could you please give us 100% property tax abayments for at least 15 years?" And the county said, "Okay." By our estimate, Scycat LLC received at least 60 million in fork on taxes. And then, you know, everybody found out that Scikut LLC is not a mom and pop a data center company, but was Meta, the parent company of Facebook. The roll out of AI across industries from social media to medical care will accelerate data center construction. In 2025 alone, Meta planned to spend at least $64 billion on facilities and equipment. Google's 75 billion and Microsoft 80 billion. And the ultra powerful computer chips driving the AI tools will consume more and more energy. A 2024 Department of Energy report estimates that their electricity use, driven by the AI boom, could soon require as much as 12% of total US electricity use. In 2023, it was just over 4%. For those like Donna living alongside these data farms, there are decisions to be made. >> I don't think a lot of my neighbors truly understand the severity of what's to come, and I'm hoping to be out before that happens. breaks my heart, but I can only fight for so long. And then I'm going to wave the white flag and I'm going to pack up and I'm going to leave Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [497 likes]: See where data centers are across the US on our interactive map: https://trib.al/7TONXv3
  2. @drew9221: I don't get why these things are being built in densely populated areas. They barely have any manpower needs, the land is more expensive, and you're going to annoy and get more push back from locals.
  3. @NachtSchreck13: Destroying so much natural habitat. Abominable.
  4. @dawnjohnson5374: Time to end them
  5. @elainemacura7173: Data centers will be the death of us all. 😥
  6. @raywalteroutdoors: Pennsylvania is going to get crushed my data centers in farmland and neighborhoods
  7. @markgonzales5583: Put them in Alaska
  8. @jmoo72: Therre building one in Utah 40,000acres the biggest one in the United states barely gave resudents notice please do a report on this facility
  9. @lonnierandall7882: Data centers, crypto currency, neuralink, and starlink are infrastructure for the mark of the beast.
  10. @PreternaturalTJ003: Idk how many people actually realize it but the more this technology grows the wider our gap will become from rich to poor and the more power this gains the more freedoms we will give up in order to live in comfort within the new system. This isn't left or right... This is right vs wrong. 👍
  11. @AndrewBalderstone: AI is Transhumanism in disguise. Aka Invasion of the body snatchers
  12. @Killabeez2612: You are really choosing technology over humans! What the hell is wrong with you?
  13. @menottu: Humanities downfall will be AI. Cant live w/ out water and thats running out.
  14. @tammyward1765: The creator of this content wants you to pay them to see the map of where ALL OF THE DATA CENTERS ARE
  15. @JD813knowledge: I'm in florida bear the tampa bay area and we are experiencing unprecedented droughts, its funny how the drought has begun  not long after the ai data centers were built. The little man gets f'd again. This country has become a whole shit show. Everything is done for the rich and the major companies. Small businesses and regular hard working folks just keep getting killed.
  16. @tammyward1765: IT'S THE BEAST SYSTEM Y'ALL.  HOW DO YOU THINK THE ANTICHRIST WILL ENFORCE HIS MARK AND WORSHIP OF HIMSELF BY THE PEOPLE? YOU WILL NOT BUY, SELL EAT OR HAVE A HOME WITHOUT BOWING DOWN AND JOINING HIM IN HELL FOREVER. PEOPLE,  GET TO KNOW,  LOVE, FOLLOW AND WORSHIP CHRIST JESUS!! ONLY GOD WILL PROTECT US AND TAKE US INTO HEAVEN WITH HIM FOR ETERNITY
  17. @drfoo1957: Can't wait until GOD destroys the beast kingdom ill be dancing a Irish jig!😂
  18. @tammyward1765: Is there no safe state in America from this bs
  19. @tammyward1765: SHARE THIS WITH EVERYONE
  20. @tammyward1765: How does anyone believe that we need more data centers ???  You CANNOT EAT OR DRINK THEM. WE NEED LAND, WATER, PLANTS AND ANIMALS IN ORDER TO LIVE.

- WILL FACEBOOK REPLACE HUMAN CREATORS? | META'S AI PLANS EXPOSED: Kind: captions Language: en Meta is testing a cloud processing feature in Facebook stories that with user content uploads unpublished photos from your camera roll to generate AIdriven suggestions like collages, recaps, or restyling. You may have seen versions of this kind of like in your uh updated iPhones. Maybe they'll show you a recap of your old photos. Well, now it's Facebook we're talking about. Although Meta claims these private photos will not train its AI models, it does retain the right to analyze metadata, including timestamps, faces, and objects, raising some obvious privacy concerns. The feature is optin and reversible for now. They're not making the promise that they're never going to use these to train their AM AI models. What they're saying is, "We're not doing that now." And so when you're actually looking at the terms of service, what they're saying is like we're not using this to train our AI models, you know, right now what we're doing is we're actually using this to customize your personal experience. So basically, they are still using artificial intelligence from what I understand, but it's specifically trained to you. So that way they can recommend recommend certain kinds of either features or certain kinds of styliz stylizations or different kinds of filters or things along those lines. But but they also are very are vague enough in their wording and their terms of service to where if and when they decide to expand this outward, they have the right to do so. They just have to slightly change their terms of service and they are free to do so just like they've always done. They just update the terms of service with whatever they want to do. They're conditioning you. They do it step by step, small little baby steps until you just accept that. You accept this and then all of a sudden you're like, well, it's not that big of a leap to just say, "Oh, well, you know, what are they going to do with my with my information? What are they going to do with my photos? What are they going to do with this? They they're already taking X, Y, and Z. And so then they just take take it to the next step. And then all of a sudden, people are shocked and shocked that we're basically being replaced by artificial intelligence. I think this is a generational conversation in the sense that those of us who grew up without all of this, those of us who grew up without cell phones, without smartphones, um, are going to find this deeply alarming, thinking that this is a hugely invasive move. um that though you're rightly pointing out that we're buying into it step by step until the generation that comes after us that grows up in this will absolutely buy into a world where this is not a problem whatsoever. They won't care that AI is training off of your personal information. Yeah, when you think about it, it's it's second nature to a to a lot of these kids. Like I I remember a day when it was super high-tech when you could pop the floppy disc into into the computer and play organ trail in in in elementary school. Like like that's I I remember a day before there was even Windows 95. I remember those too. Exactly. But but these kids, they're coming up in an age where they're inundated with artificial intelligence and technology and they take it for granted and that's also a concern because they don't realize how invasive this has become because they don't have anything to compare it to. Whereas somebody like you and I, we have we actually have something to compare it to before all this crazy technology took over. And I think that that's what's concerning is about this incremental step that Meta is taking when we know what their ultimate endgame is because they actually just invested $65 billion into developing artificial intelligence to ultimately replace content creators completely on the platform. And I've talked to multiple shareholders that of of Facebook. And they're all telling me the endgame here is to actually replace human content creators, which is interesting because it's coinciding with when Mark Zuckerberg is saying, "Oh, we're becoming more of a free speech platform." Well, of course, because you're not going to have to worry about censorship if it's all AI generated content creators that you control. Now you can have your own Overton window. You can sell, you can sell to advertisers and advertisers are never going to be pissed off because they're never going to say anything controversial or going against what any of them say. They're going to have complete control. And then what's going to happen to all the human content creators that actually help them to build what they actually want to do is they want to just turn us into all consuming blobs of flesh and they control everything. You know, there's a deeper philosophical conversation that can happen around this. And I know that futurist novelists from, you know, the 20th century explored this a lot. How humans would give a part of themselves to feed the machine and the machine would take over. The classic how story from Space Odyssey 2001, right? You you give your own expertise, the machine feeds off of it, and we're only feeding our own demise. And I don't see how we quite solve this problem right now because AI is just at that sweet spot where it's really improving a lot of human production, but it's very quickly getting to a point where meta's case in point, it's going to replace humans in a way that goes to the heart and soul what a person is, what creativity is, what humanity This

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamesconnors8095 [4 likes]: Oh Hell no..
  2. @paulrybarczyk5013 [3 likes]: Should probably stop calling it. “artificial intelligence“. It’s digital intelligence … nothing artificial about it.
  3. @sarinulek6816 [1 likes]: They should be made to make classifications for feeds online Ai enhanced, and fully Ai generated. Not everything mixed together. If people want to watch Ai content let them seek it out. Or atleast a disclaimer across the bottom that its Ai. As it will get harder and harder to tell the difference.
  4. @kevinjenner9502: USA Today 6/5/24  “Report: Israel targeted US lawmakers through hundreds of fake social media accounts”
  5. @kevinjenner9502: Israel’s Ministry of Diaspora Affairs created 600AI generated fake accounts/profiles used to target 128 US Congressmen in an influence and disinformation campaign on the Gaza War.
  6. @AllanHughes-q3x: Of course, Zuckerberg is in league with Chynah, he always have been since at least 2014.
  7. @mills-z9k: Always nice to see you Chanel.
  8. @Aint1S: When that comes, Russia will be the ONLY safe place... Now that's ironic! I mean you have Africa too, but that place has never been safe. 😂 You can't make this stuff up. Our government only needs to stop and take stock.
The West sanctioned a Democratic Russia to the point that Russia holds higher values and isn't hedonistic country that conquers every frontier to the point that they conquer themselves.
  9. @mouseinbootsadventures7516: The Big Beautiful Bill gives all AI creators and developers 10 years of absolute immunity from ANY law suits being charged against them for any harm such as physical, mental, or financial they may (will) cause. After all the DC swamp swamp politicians need American citizens for test dummies to perfect their automated operated cars. In 10 years the swamp politicians in DC will re-new the contract indefinitely while they become insider trading billionaires. Facebook is bad but not the worst of what is coming without any consequences at all for all the harm AI will cause running on full auto out of control.
  10. @TrumpEpsteinPubicSignature: Kristi Noem is 100% AS (Artificial St. Up. Idity) Trump, too. All Don's children too --- all rocks-in-the-brain-area.
  11. @derekwbell420: They already are and trumps big beautiful bill actually makes it illegal for 10 years for states to pass any regulations on ai

- YouTuber Jasbir Singh Tried to Erase Digital Footprint After Spy Ring Exposed | TSW News: Kind: captions Language: en Punjab YouTuber Jasmir Singh has been arrested for alleged links to a Pakistanibbacked spy network with police revealing he tried to erase his digital footprint following the arrest of fellow influencer Joti Malhutra Jaspir who runs the YouTube channel Jan Mahal was found to be in contact with Pakistani intelligence operative Shakir alias Jhatrand Dhawa he reportedly attended Pakistan's national day event in Delhi and traveled to Pakistan thrice between 2020 and 2024 where he met army officials and vloggers. Punjab DGP Goro Yadu said Singh attempted to wipe all communication with foreign handlers after Malhotra's arrest. Forensic analysis of his devices has uncovered multiple Pakistan linked numbers. An FIR has been filed in Mali as the probe deepens into dismantling a larger espionage network of terror operating within India just weeks after the deadly Palam terror attack and ensuring India Pakistan conflict. For more updates, subscribe to our YouTube channel TSW News. News that reveal the truth.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sulaxyakumar1240: :face-orange-frowning:

- What Is OnlyFans? Here’s What Every Parent Needs to Know: Kind: captions Language: en (calm music) - Have you heard of OnlyFans? It's been in the news recently, but many folks may not know exactly what it is or how dangerous it can be for children. Hi, I'm Caroline, a Senior Growth Marketing Manager at Bark, a parental controls company. Today, I'm going to explain how OnlyFans works, why it's so popular, and why it's definitely not for kids. OnlyFans is a website where people can post exclusive content that others can subscribe to. It has more than 130 million users and over a million content creators. Top earners on the platform can make hundreds of thousands of dollars each month. In terms of what the site looks like, think of it kind of like Facebook, but in order for someone to see your messages, photos, or videos, they'd have to pay you $5 a month or some other monthly price. Creators can upload videos they've filmed or they can broadcast live to their fans. They can also choose to provide their content in the subscription or pay-per-view model. But you're probably wondering, why would someone want to pay money for content when other sites like Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, and Spotify offer it for free? The answer is - it's complicated. There are plenty of content creators on OnlyFans that don't have anything to do with sex - like celebrities, musicians, and fitness instructors - but a lot of what draws subscribers to the site is adult content. In 2021, the site announced that it was going to ban explicit content, and quickly backtracked that decision, primarily because sexual content is what keeps the site afloat. Officially, you have to be 18 or older to sign up for an OnlyFans account because of all the sexual content. To subscribe to pages as a fan, even free accounts, you're asked to add a credit card. This is meant to help weed out kids, but it doesn't always work. Personal credit cards, prepaid debit cards, or even an unsuspecting parent's cards are often used to get past the restriction. To become a creator on OnlyFans, the verification process is more intense. This makes sense because creators will be making money from their content, which could include sexual activity. To share content, you're required to connect a bank account to receive payment. Then, to confirm your age, a third-party company takes a picture of your face. This will have to match to a form of ID you upload like a passport or driver's license. As you may have guessed though, this doesn't mean that it's impossible for minors to create an account. Or handed down, and kids can obtain bank accounts. If a child somehow manages to bypass all the restrictions and become an OnlyFans creator, they may face many dangers. They'll be able to post photos or videos that could be copied, downloaded, and shared in different places, all over the world, potentially forever. On the platform itself, kids could be contacted by other OnlyFans users and their subscribers, which could lead to predation, sextortion, and more, including aggressive and threatening messages from so-called fans. While OnlyFans consists primarily of amateur creators, the site is buzzworthy enough to have attracted the attention of quite a few celebrities. Cardi B has an account, as do pop culture figures like Aaron Carter, Amber Rose, DJ Khalid, and more. Some share adult content, but not all. Part of the appeal of celebrities having OnlyFans accounts is that fans get exclusive access to their lives that casual followers, say on Twitter or Instagram, don't get. Recently, the rapper Bhad Bhabie, you may remember from the "catch me outside" meme a few years back, made over $1 million in just six hours. We hope this video has helped you better understand what OnlyFans is as well as all of the dangers it presents to kids. If you're worried about your child stumbling across this website, Bark can help. Our powerful website-blocking tool lets you prevent access to entire categories of websites, or any specific site you choose. To learn more and sign up for a free one-week trial. (dog barks)

  Top Comments:
  1. @anuragtumane5227 [5 likes]: OnlyFans can destroy lives and careers of a lot of people from all age groups.
  2. @ninacarranza5189 [1 likes]: Prostitution the first job for women has now turned virtual
  3. @ladynana1975: THANCK YOU I'M GOING TO GIVE MY SON THE BELT BYE
  4. @Jesse-r2b7p: Dangerous for kids?  Sounds Dangerous for adults too, keeping people stuck in lust.
  5. @alisonkulatea2989: What comes around goes around !!!!!!!hope it shuts down demonic JESUS will always win over evil ✝️🙏❤️✝️🙏❤️💔
  6. @GuadalupeAvalos-t5g: I just found out my own daughter at 20 had a only fan a whore . We had a long conversation I made her take it down . I told her my daughter won't act like a whore .  I never did porn or only fan . It was embarrassing and I cried where did I went wrong . I'm a respectable paralegal who worked hard . Only fans a porn site . I made my daughter take it down . It's shameful and grounded her . Adult kids think they can do whatever they like it's my house my rules if I'm paying the bill no your still a child
  7. @nk7155: How the world allows such content and how destructive it can be.
Where are the governments and regulatory bodies on this? 
A lot of dire things could have been avoided if there was better regulation.
Onlyfans only has increased crime and misdemeanors to a great extent.
  8. @jimmycricket7385: Sex is fine but it's not a requirement.  We can actually do without it.. It's not food or air or water - all of which we need.
  9. @ronb8052: I remember working as a page at NBC in the 70's.  We had "censors" at every show who monitored the script of every show. In those days,  you couldn't use the word "toilet" in any tv show.  Now we have millions of people making porn for sale on the internet.....almost unbelievable.
  10. @DavidAdejareAmba: GOD bless you for sharing this
  11. @christanwoodcockkennedy: my onlyfans is free , I'm js
  12. @GlobalMan-k3m4u: Parents have to be so careful about their kids 😢😢
World is full of evil 😢😢😢
May God protect all kids  and youth all over the world
  13. @Madeyoushook: Just imagine if some psycho disfigured some only fans model up so bad that her career on there was completely over. Got the idea of psychos?
  14. @Gray-qt1sv: some how i know it was this im 10 btw
  15. @baddies1221: I'm 10 and I was like what is only fans I asked my mom and then my mom was like I don't know search it up see what it is on YouTube but don't download it she said so I watched this video and now I'm like okay now I know that has stuff to do with pornography and this is actually not for kids I shouldn't even be knowing that
  16. @702ringo1: Thank you for posting this video. It’s very informative and appreciate!
  17. @plutoplatters: meanwhile.................  WE   ALLOW    OnlyFans to exist  !!!!   Have to LOVE it.
  18. @cc-qu7gz: The music is horrible and too loud and very distracting.
  19. @Systematiclol: alright, brb finding a real girfriend
  20. @Systematiclol: I cannot see how a non sex workeer can have a following

- First Week on OnlyFans as a FACELESS CREATOR w ZERO FOLLOWING: Kind: captions Language: en hello I am Cara and this is my video about my first week on only fans so let's have a little relaxing chat about it full disclosure I had done only fans a long time ago and I did not have really great advice starting out and I I didn't have yeah I just didn't know what I was doing and it became um not worth it I was doing other clip sites and I was getting more from them than I was from only fan so I just stuck to those other clip sites I stopped doing that a while ago um and I'm just getting back into it I have a little bit of experience having done things like this before but not really focusing on only fans I guess I've never had much success in getting people interested in my content so what I was really wanting to do this time is like figure out the marketing aspect of it and it's week one so I have not done that yet so bear with me but I'm going to talk about the expectations and what's really happened week one of doing only fans but specifically doing only fans as a faceless creator meaning that I don't show my face in any of my content I don't show my face on any of my social media so that I think is a specific sort of of take that I haven't really seen people talking about very much so let's talk about it week one um yeah so I watched I did what all of you have done I watched all the videos that I could find on only fans right I watched everything about you know marketing about content about the best ways to promote yourself and all this stuff and really at some point you kind of just have to jump in it doesn't does matter how much research you do it doesn't matter how ready you think you are you're going to jump in and you're going to feel like you should have waited or to be like I should have done this sooner it doesn't really matter it's always going to feel like the wrong time when you do it I feel like I started my only fans page or I started everything all of my social media and stuff like that I started that um in the weeks leading up to um like uploading to my only fans and I knew that I had to get verified and all of those things so I worked on doing that before I started um posting anywhere or doing anything I wanted to hammer down sort of like the niche that I wanted to hit and I still feel like I'm struggling with that but whatever it's fine it's fine good I spilled coffee on myself already that's nice last time I did this I didn't really have a great Persona I don't think Persona meaning the way that I presented myself online is pretty much all I mean by that this time I wanted to be friendlier or to seem friendlier and so that's why you know I'm Cara but I'm Cara cutie bear so that was really important to me mainly just because I wanted to seem soft enough to be approachable right cuz I feel like I struggle with that sort of seeming nice enough for people to want to interact with me so that's why I chose that specific username and luckily that was available on like every platform so I'm pretty much car bear everywhere I was looking at all the information that I could before I really got started doing it and you know like I said at some point you just have to start and it always feels like you're it always feels over overwhelming and like you expected too much too soon I launched my only fans one week ago today so October 2nd I launched my only fans it didn't really you know it didn't explode because it never does and never will like unless you're already famous or something there's no way for you to blow up instantly right and I want to emphasize I started all these accounts out in the last like month so all of these accounts were at zero followers and I have like zero I don't have zero followers but I have like one or two Tik Tok followers I have one YouTube subscriber hi thanks I have 20 Twitter followers most bought like 20 Instagram followers I think so you know that just a couple weeks like I've gained that but I haven't gotten a lot of follows you know and I think some of that is because I'm still struggling with how to put content out not only fans content that's easier for me to do but it's hard to make faceless content on social media to get people interested in what you're doing and it's hard to show your personality if you're not showing your face if you're you know sort of reserved in that way so I'm struggling with that but I do show my mouth in some things so you know I'll make some Tik toks where I lip sync or whatever but it's just my mouth you know so there's stuff like that where I'm I'm trying things out and I'm I'm working on on things that way I looked up so many things about Reddit because it's so confusing and everyone's videos are all pretty much the same same and that they're like it's a lot of work and they're not joking about that the thing is I feel like something that isn't fully discussed about Reddit specifically is how you get karma that was something that was completely eluding me people are like you have to have Karma like you get karma from posting you get karma from this you get karma from that but I was really really confused and I set up my account and it was like NSFW you and all of this stuff and it turns out when you set your account that way that some communities don't want you to post in them at all if you link to your only fans on your profile you can't post in certain communities or not even only fans like if you link to anywhere where you're like doing something NSFW you will get banned like there are certain communities that want you to post nudes and they're like if you if you're linking to somewhere else on your you know anywhere on this site like even in other posts or like other like we will ban you from this community and I'm like that's so nonsensical I don't know why anybody I mean no offense no shade but I don't know why anybody would be like here's my full pudendum on Reddit just look like I yeah give me some money if you're going to look at that yeah I I set all that up and and it became increasingly overwhelming and I realized that I'd gotten sort of in my i' gotten myself into a little bit of a hole so I had like I'd had my account for weeks and I was at one Karma and I could not get any more karma and people are really kind of rude like if you are like this is really hard this is really tricky people just are like you must be stupid if you can't figure it out so it's it's a little bit overwhelming and then if you Google it then all these posts come up of like people being sort of a holes and they're just like you know everyone on Reddit sucks and I'm like okay these there has to be somewhere in the middle there has to be some kind of information so I did find a post that explained that the way to get your karma the way to get more karma is to interact with other Reddit users but like not necessarily in an NSFW so what I did was and this is maybe a stupid thing but I don't really care I deleted my redit account um which was Cara cutie bear and I started another one which is Cara cutie bear but has underscores between each word I re I started over and I am like I'm linking to my Twitter I'm linking to my YouTube and stuff like that and my beacons all of that in my bio but I'm not marking anything that I'm doing as NSFW I'm keeping my language clean I'm not posting any photos I'm not doing anything and I'm trying to just interact with other users so that I can get my karma up and not get like flagged as a Spam bot or not get flagged as you know not get deleted because I'm NSFW once I get enough Karma then I'm going to work on trying to get verified in different groups and stuff like that but the thing is to get karma you have to interact with other people on the site in communities and things like that so that was something like you have to respond to other people's comments you have to comment on post and have people resp like react to it so it's a lot of like interaction yeah I'm working on that I started the new account yesterday and I went from one Karma to two Karma and in the same day and that's nothing I know that but I felt really good because I'm like hey I figured it out I did it I'm I'm going somewhere with this so I'm I'm on the right track so if you're struggling with how to get karma just try interacting with people's posts the way I saw it explained was is to interact in groups that have a lot of people so like go to Mi I the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and interact with people's posts on there you know reply to their comments say something meaningful don't act like a bot just treat people like a human would treat people you know and so I've been trying that and surprised it's it seems to be working so Reddit is a whole thing I don't know when I'm even going to be able to post anything even remotely interesting interesting on there but we'll see I don't think it's going to be the biggest and most beneficial site that I promote on but I'm going to try to get more karma and then we'll work on it and I'll let you know how that goes I've made a few Tik toks I've posted some reals I've posted some YouTube shorts but like I said I feel like I started and I I felt a little overwhelmed at the beginning I felt like you know there's so many people on here with so much advice and that's great and I'm not saying that they shouldn't be giving this advice but I do think that for some people some of that advice is not going to work not even because of any reason other than like if someone's working a full-time job or if someone has any other responsibilities they're not going to be able to dedicate like 18 hours a day into making Tik toks or whatever you know I saw one person that said that you have to make eight Tik Tok Accounts at minimum and post to each of them twice a day and and I was like I can't do that like I struggle posting to one Tik Tok account and it's been suggested to make a secondary one and I'm not saying that I won't I haven't yet but it's fine I'm still figuring out Tik Tok I'm still figuring out marketing however week one and I feel like I haven't been doing the greatest I'm trying things out like they say to do and we're getting somewhere we're getting somewhere but I haven't gotten there yet but I have one subscriber on only fans and you can be like that's not that much and you're right that's not that much but considering that I've done no promotion on Reddit I have barely posted on any social media sites because they're really difficult to figure out how to post something but not your face you know um I have one and that's huge and that's a big deal and I'm excited and I'm happy about that and it's encouraging me to keep going and I wanted to make this video more as like a along with me while we make this journey as opposed to here is my advice on what you should be doing now if you want to know I'm happy to answer questions if you have them but um if you're looking for more advice things I know um My Little Panda she's posted some videos basically walking through the process of trying to of starting an only fans and you know just figuring it all out and she does some great videos that are really really candid um and I definitely recommend her Nicole Leeds or whatever I'm probably getting her name wrong like so many of these people that you've probably already seen have really great things and like here's some advice on this I'm not necessarily giving advice not yet at least it's week one and I'm just I'm owning that it was way more overwhelming than I expected it to be but I'm very excited about it I'm a week in and that's it and I have a subscriber so you know maybe next week I'll have two you know so I'm going to try to update this so that you can come on this journey with me and hopefully we can we can see how great and amazing this can be starting with zero followers in 2023 and so many people say it's possible and I'm not saying that it's not I just want to you know prove how to do it or show how to do it when you truly have zero followers I have I had zero followers on Instagram zero followers on Twitter I started all of these accounts a couple weeks ago I'm truly truly starting with zero followers I'm faceless I'm doing all of this from scratch they say that it can be done and all you have to do is work really hard and you know what that's what I'm going to do I'm going to work really hard and hopefully well not even hopefully let's see where it get let's just see not hopefully because I'm going to I'm going to get places in this I just don't know how soon and that's what we're that's what we're going to be I don't know how soon and that's really what we're going to experiment with we're going to see how quickly you go from zero to something substantial consider following me if you're interested in seeing more if you're interested in hearing more about this and seeing how I do with faceless content thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alsayid [6 likes]: I have noticed a number of adult actresses/models in recent years put out content that doesn't show their face, or they are wearing a Mardi Gras mask or something.  I personally find that a bit frustrating as a viewer, because the face in conjunction with the figure is what I like to see, but it must work for enough people or those kind of models just wouldn't get any traction, and you wouldn't see them anymore.  A couple of things that do come to mind about faceless content: It seems the girls are often smoking hot, or at least have great figures.  I'm not sure why more attractive girls would not show their faces, but that seems to be a thing.  It could also be that some of them are butter faces, which would make their reason for going faceless obvious.  The second thing is that when I see a girl who is faceless I feel like she is much more likely to be a legit amateur (or pro-am), which I like, and I think most guys like.
  2. @JoelLessing [3 likes]: Eye contact is so important for me just because I am a verbal and interactive personality. But I enjoyed this video!
  3. @ssss-ch3fs [2 likes]: I have tried to create an account and they keep rejecting faceless images. How do I do it? 😅 I wrote to them but no response
  4. @CCPlan26 [2 likes]: Did you make any money on onlyfans, not showing face now or no
  5. @sarahsmith1418 [1 likes]: This is so fabulous and helpful. Thank you for sharing your honest opinions and your journey. So real I love it.
  6. @xxLunaHazexx [1 likes]: Do you have any tips or videos about how to get over stumps of feeling like the photos/videos you take are not actually attractive? Do I just post it and hope for the best?
  7. @JasonSpielberg [1 likes]: Women: "It's so hard being a woman!"
Also women:
  8. @alesiethedon [1 likes]: Hey Cara love your videos. I was wondering, do you need a chatter for your of
  9. @emmataylor1848: I been looking and just have no idea . Step by step with video image would help !
  10. @CrybagsBeCrying: Start a OF's because that's true talent and liberation. you go gurl
  11. @2025blessall: Thank u so much u are very kind.  For sharing ur feelings  as we all feel  and ur just being real thank u
  12. @MissyMiss1026: You should change your voice cause I totally know who you are.
  13. @Betty-m7i8s: I'm having trouble getting subscriptions, I've tried advertising on Reddit, X, but I've only gotten 2 subs yet.
What tips can u give me? 
Bettysparadaise
  14. @noet7680: Hey, I appreciate this vid I am a faceless creator and only have 5000 plus followers on reddit so its quite interesting...I luv your vid definitely inspiring
  15. @fatina1011: so do you show your face on the onlyfans channel ?
  16. @tsfuthepodcast: How are you doing now??
  17. @DampzyDusky: Of course, creating content without showing your face and staying anonymous is a bit challenging, but not impossible! On Bongacams, for example, many girls stream without showing their faces and still gain good popularity.
  18. @ExoticDoll-ct3ud: Why the husky voice?
  19. @AlexBeenSmoking: Anyone need a male creator🤔
  20. @wiazowski1: Just another prostitute that doesn't have any skills to find a real job

- OnlyFans Broke 99% of Creators: The $150/Month Lie: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. So, when you scroll through your feeds, you know, it's really easy to get swept up in those glossy images, right? Oh, absolutely. The uh Lamborghinis and private jet stuff. Yeah. And that whole idea of easy money that just seems to be everywhere online. Mhm. It definitely paints a very specific picture of success on platforms like say Only Fans. It does, doesn't it? Well, uh our mission today is really to dive deep into the sources you've shared with us, right? Because what we found offers a well a starkly different reality. It kind of peels back those layers. Precisely. And what our deep dive shows isn't just like a small difference from that public image. No, it fundamentally dismantles it. The real story, according to our sources, is more like a brutal roller coaster, okay? Full of hidden battles almost no one talks about. It's designed um quite frankly to shatter the fantasy, right? shatter the fantasy you might have about just effortless digital wealth. Exactly. And it's important to get this clear. It isn't just about, you know, risque work as some might think. Not at all. Our sources really stress that it's it's much more complex. There are significant personal costs often hidden. Definitely hidden. They go way beyond just the content itself. Okay. So, if it's not just the nature of the work. Mhm. What are these deeper sacrifices creators are making? Yeah. And that's where it gets really compelling. I think the sources, they don't just hint at the stakes. No, no, they lay it out pretty starkly how creators are basically in this high stakes gamble and gamble. Okay. Yeah. They're not just making content. They are literally trading their mental health, privacy, and safety. Wow. All for what often amounts to just a shot at going viral. Just a shot. Think about that pressure. Constantly needing to produce new stuff, engaging stuff to, you know, feed the algorithm. Mh. It often leads straight to burnout, severe emotional fatigue. We saw examples um creators describing feeling like they're always on, always performing. Yeah. Blurring those lines between their public persona and, you know, their actual private self. It causes significant mental health strain. That constant need to perform. Yeah. To stay relevant. Yeah. It just sounds utterly exhausting. It is. And you mentioned privacy and safety as well. How how exactly are those compromised? Well, it's a very real risk, tangible, pushing boundaries to try and get noticed, to go viral, right? It inevitably exposes creators intense public scrutiny, uh, online harassment, nasty stuff, and sometimes even real world threats. The sources highlight this chilling reality of content leaks. Oh, wow. Yeah. Where private material just ends up on unauthorized sites, totally out of their control. A that's terrifying. It is. It's not just an invasion of privacy. It's a direct threat to their livelihood, their security. It can lead to doxing, swatting, terrible things. Yeah. It's like this constant um background hum of vulnerability for a lot of them. It really makes you pause, doesn't it? Thinking about that trade-off. And our sources, they had a pretty blunt conclusion about this whole game. They did a very powerful one. It really hammers home the inherent imbalance, stating pretty unequivocally that in this high stakes gamble, the house always wins. The house always wins. Meaning the platforms. Exactly. And it's fascinating how the sources show that the platforms control the algorithms, right? The monetization, the visibility, everything. So the creators are chasing something they can't control. Precisely chasing unpredictable metrics. Even the really successful ones can see their income, their reach just vanish overnight. Wow. A policy changes. The algorithm shifts. Boom. Their success is built on sand. Really on a foundation they don't own or control. So stepping back. Yeah. What does this all mean for you, our listener, beyond just the headlines about Only Fans or similar platforms? Well, if we connect the dots, this deep dive really shines a light on the severe, often hidden costs behind that public facade. You know, the easy gains we see across the digital economy, right? It highlights these profound sacrifices, mental health, privacy, even physical safety that creators often make chasing online success. a reality that's often just obscured by these carefully managed online personas, right? Which uh raises an important question. And that question for you to think about is this. How often does that perceived glamour of digital success stories, any kind, really hide a much more complex, much more challenging human reality. It's, I think, a powerful reminder to always try and look beyond the surface, to question the curated image. Yeah. And maybe consider the unseen battles that could be part of any easy money story you come across online.

- Experts warn explicit OnlyFans creators can face danger: Kind: captions Language: en art other states either way watchdog groups tell FOX four's Pat mcgonigle it's potentially very dangerous. If you're not familiar only fans is a social media platform like facebook or twitter but instead of connecting with friends users can connect with models who post pictures and video for a subscription fee now we talked with 2 local women who insist it's a great way to make some extra money. And a fair warning some of their work that you'll see in this story is not meant for Claire who's from the KC Metro it began with a few modeling jobs from there out of curiosity she entered the world of exotic dancing, so big and that's kind of how I started expert. And just before the pandemic began she quit both of her office jobs and opened and only fans account and she's never looked back and I can go to work for 4 hours can make what I would make in a month. other jobs and then I have so much time to focus school. Claire believes her job is more about artistic expression then, although she admits that land somewhere on the spectrum of work. I mean working would be like going to I could be. With a little time take bring mixture is not my work not but I do like many young people in the Metro and all over the world clear looks at her livelihood on only fans like anyone else who's committed to a career. I you're doing you're selling your body. For a time. I choose to be a 23 year-old that can travel world and work 2 hours a And my mom is. Fairly aware what I do she is not fully aware she is. They're Catholic haha so. Megan is another young steady income with an only fans account I was able to quit my office job that I was not happy in anymore so how much money can be made from only fans in truth most don't make that much but there are exceptions I kind of. And. Have made a $100 and there I also have like pretty good that make a $100,000 a month. And while six-figure incomes are possible but out of the reach for most what is definitely real for people posing on only fans is the inherent danger it only takes one. Doctor Stephanie Powell is director of law enforcement training for the National Center on exploitation only take word to start stocking you it would only take one 2 up physically or sexually assault you only takes one and so every time you get on camera you're and that Ris of that one they could possibly I do physical harm to you it got forbid kill you as a result of it. Aside from the physical risk of fans tracking models down Alison Phillips with the human trafficking center argues the men and women posing on only fans often develop psychological damage associated you cut yourself off like OK. This part is still me this part is business place. And the problem with doing that time after time after time day after day is it actually does psychological damage to your brain. We presented those concerns to only fans and through a spokesperson we received this statement only fans has a 0 tolerance for harassment on the platform creators are able to block users and report them to our support team for further review which may result in suspension or termination of that user account. A spokesperson for only fans went on to say that the platform has a vigorous anti piracy team, they're tasked with preventing people from stealing are duplicating content from only fans now as far as all that money that's being spent on only fans. Only fans keeps a 20% cut generates now we have a wealth of additional information on this story online just look for this story on FOX 4 KC dot com. Pat mcgonigle FOX 4

  Top Comments:
  1. @joytimmons: Making money on Onlyfans is not the way to earn money. I am glad I do not only have fans, but I will never join this platform. I would rather earn 7 figures from selling books, courses, products, and services during my creative field career.
  2. @KirstinLye: How hard is it to take someones face and edit it onto someone elses body, and say its them?
  3. @bdub420: Proud lil street girls, all fun and games till the IRS comes knocking

- 3 TRUE Only Fans Horror Story: Kind: captions Language: en What if the platform you trusted to build your dream job turned into your worst nightmare? Imagine sharing a piece of your life online, chasing freedom and fame only to find yourself stalked, exposed, or hunted by someone hiding behind a screen. That's the dark reality some Only Fans creators have lived through. Tonight, we're diving deep into two horror stories from the platform stories so unsettling. They'll question everything you think you know about the app's glamorous side. Grab a blanket, dim the lights, and let's uncover the chilling tales that lurk beneath the surface of Only Fans. Only Fans has changed the game. Launched in 2016, it's a platform where creators share exclusive content, fitness routines, cooking tips, art, music, or yes, sometimes adult content directly with their fans for a subscription fee. It's been a gold mine for many. In 2022 alone, the platform reportedly paid out over $5 billion to creators worldwide. From college students paying off loans to influencers diversifying their income, only fans promises control, independence, and big money. But here's the flip side. When you open your life to strangers online, you're not just inviting fans. Inviting anyone. And sometimes those anyone's have motives far darker than a monthly subscription. The stories you're about to hear aren't urban legends or creepy pastas. Their real experiences shared by creators who faced terrifying situations because of their work on only fam. I've spent weeks digging through forums, interviews, and firsthand accounts to bring you these tales, carefully protecting the identities of those involved. These aren't just cautionary tales that glimpses into the hidden dangers of a platform that's as risky as it is rewarding. Before we jump in, hit that subscribe button and ring the bell. We post chilling true stories like this every week. Now, let's get into the first story. One that'll make your skin crawl. Asterisk story one. the stalker who knew too much or her first story centers on a creator will call Mia, a 24year-old graphic design student from a small town in Ohio back in 2020. Mia was drowning in student debt, $40,000 in counting. With part-time jobs barely covering rent, she turned to Only Fans after a friend raved about making thousands a month posting cosplay and lifestyle content. Mia wasn't into anything explicit. Her page was all about her love for anime, crafting detailed costumes, and sharing behind-the-scenes looks at her life as a creative. She set her subscription at $10 a month, posted regularly, and within three months had over 200 subscribers. The money was life-changing. She paid off half her loans, and even started saving for her own apartment. But then, one subscriber changed everything. Dot. Mia first noticed loyal fan 92 about 6 months into her Only Fans journey. He was a top tipper, dropping $50 or $100 on her posts with compliments like, "You're my favorite creator." Or, "This cosplay is perfection." At first, Mia was flattered. big tips meant she could buy better materials for her costumes, but loyal fan 92's messages started getting weirdly specific. One day, he wrote, "That blue shirt you wore last Tuesday looked amazing." Mia's stomach dropped. She hadn't posted anything about a blue shirt, and she never shared updates about her outfits. She brushed it off, thinking maybe she'd mentioned it in a story and forgotten, but the messages kept coming. Love how you always get coffee at Brood Awakening, he wrote another time. Brood Awakening was her local coffee shop, a place she visited almost daily, but she'd never mentioned it on Only Fans or anywhere online. Dot Mia started to panic. She double checked her posts, her Instagram, her Tik Tok anywhere. She might have accidentally shared her location. Nothing. She hadn't even used location tags. Yet, loyal fan 92 seemed to know her routine. Saw you walking your dog in that park with the red benches. He messaged one evening. Mia's dog, a scruffy terrier named Pixel, was her constant companion, and they often walked in a nearby park with, yes, red benches. But she'd never filmed or posted about those walks. Her mind raced, was this guy guessing, hacking her phone? Following her, she blocked loyal fan 92 immediately and reported him to only fans, but the platform's response was vague. We've noted your concern, and we'll investigate. Meanwhile, Mia stopped going to her usual spots. She avoided the coffee shop, changed her walking route, and even started covering her webcam when she wasn't streaming. For a few weeks, things seemed quiet. Mia hoped it was over. Then, one rainy night, she got a new message from a different account. True fan forever. Attached was a photo that made her heart stop. Her car, a beat up Honda Civic, parked outside her apartment complex. Timestamped. That very evening, the message read, "Missed you today, Mia." She screamed, dropped her phone, and called her best friend, who rushed over. They reported the incident to the police, but with no real name or address for the account. There was little they could do. Mia installed a security camera, changed her locks, and made her Only Fans account private, only allowing existing subscribers. She thought moving might be her only option, but she couldn't afford it yet. So, she stayed, jumping at every noise. Barely sleeping, desperate to escape, Mia saved enough to move to a new city 2 hours away. She didn't tell anyone except her closest family, deleted her social media, and started over. For months, she felt safe again. She even considered restarting Only Fans under a new pseudonym. Then one morning, she checked her mailbox and found an unmarked envelope. Inside was a handwritten letter. No return address, no stamp. It read, "You can't hide forever, Mia. I'll always find you." Her blood ran cold. She'd never shared her new address with anyone. The police took the letter for fingerprints, but nothing came of it. Mia quit Only Fans for good, terrified that loyal fan 92 or whoever he was, was still out there watching per every move. To this day, she lives with the fear that he's waiting, biting his time. Mia's story is a gut punch. She started only fans to chase her dreams, but it turned her life into a horror movie. What's scarier is how common this is creators across platforms. Face stalkers who exploit the personal connection these sites encourage. Mia's case shows how even safe content can attract dangerous obsession. She's slowly rebuilding her life, but she'll never feel truly safe again. Let's take a breath before we dive into our second story because this one's just as haunting. If you thought Mia's experience was chilling, wait until you hear about Jake. His story proves that no matter how confident or careful you are, the wrong fan can turn your world upside down. Let's jump in. Asterisk story 2. The fan who wanted Jake's life. Jake was a 32-year-old fitness coach from Los Angeles. Known for his chiseled abs and infectious energy. In 2021, he joined Only Fans to share workout routines, meal prep tips, and okay, a few shirtless flexing videos for his fans. His page was a hit, pulling in 500 subscribers at $15 a month within his first year. Jake loved the platform. It let him connect with fitness enthusiasts worldwide and fund his dream of opening his own gym. He was open about his life, posting about his golden retriever, Max, his favorite dive bars, and his grind as a trainer. Fans loved his authenticity, and Jake thrived on their support. But one subscriber, FitFam Forever took that connection way too far. FitFam Forever stood out. Early on, they commented on every post, bought every custom video, and sent Jake a $500 tip with a note. You inspire me to be you. Jake thought it was a bit intense, but sweet after all. Inspiring people was his goal. But then, FitFam Forever's behavior shifted. They started posting on other platforms like Instagram and Reddit, mimicking Jake's life. They adopted a golden retriever that looked eerily like Max, copied Jake's workout plans verbatim, and even got tattoos matching Jake's a barbell on the forearm and a quote strength and struggle on the bicep. Jake noticed when fans tagged him in FitFam Forever's posts, saying things like, "This guy is your twin." At first, he laughed it off, thinking it was just an overzealous fan. But it didn't stop there. Things took a darker turn when Jake got a call from his favorite bar, the Rusty Anchor. Someone claiming to be Jake had ordered drinks all night, racked up a $200 tab, and left without paying. The bartender described, "The guy, same height, similar build, even wearing a shirt with Jake's gym logo. Jake was stunned he'd been home that night. He started digging into FitFam Forever's online presence and found posts bragging about living Jake's life." The fan had started contacting Jake's friends, pretending to be him, asking personal questions like, "Hey, when's Jake's next workout session?" Some friends fell for it, thinking it was Jake on a new account. Then FitFam Forever showed up at Jake's gym demanding to train with his clients, claiming he was Jake's partner. Clients were confused, and Jake's reputation took a hit. Jake messaged FitFam Forever demanding they stop. The response was chilling. I'm just your biggest supporter. Why are you mad? I want to be like you. Jake blocked the account, but new ones popped up. Each more aggressive one sent him a video of someone driving past his gym, narrating, "This is where Jake builds his empire." Another sent photos of Jake's favorite bar, captioned, "Wish you were here." The story three, the shadow who knew her name. Our story centers on a creator will call Sarah, a 26-year-old from a quiet suburb in Texas. In 2021, Sarah was working a deadended retail job, barely making ends meet. Inspired by stories of only success, she joined the platform to share her love for baking. Her page was wholesome recipes for cupcakes, decorating tutorials, and cozy vlogs about her life in the kitchen. No explicit content, just flower dusted aprons and warm smiles. At $8 a month, her account grew slowly but steadily, reaching 150 subscribers in 6 months. The extra income meant she could quit her job and focus on her dream of opening a bakery. Sarah felt on top of the world until one subscriber turned her dream into a living nightmare. It started with a user called Sweet Tooth77. They were one of Sarah's top supporters, tipping $20 or $30 on her posts with messages like, "Your cakes are as sweet as you." Sarah appreciated the support. Tips helped her by better equipment, but Sweet Tooth77's comments soon felt off. That red apron you wore yesterday was perfect. They wrote one day. Sarah paused. She hadn't posted about her red apron. It was just something she wore at home while baking for herself. She checked her videos, her Instagram, her Twitter. Nothing mentioned the apron. uneasy. She replied politely but kept a distance. Then came another message. Love how you always stop by Sunny's Market for ingredients. Sunny's Market was her local grocery store, a place she'd never mentioned online. Her heart raced. How did they know? Sarah's unease turned to fear as Sweet Tooth 77's messages grew more personal. "Saw you at the park with your sister last weekend," they wrote, describing the exact outfit Sarah had worn a yellow sundress she hadn't photographed. She hadn't posted about her sister or the park either. panicked. Sarah scoured her accounts for leaks. She'd been careful. No location tags, no real-time posts, no personal details beyond her first name. Yet, Sweet Tooth77 seemed to know her routine. She blocked the account and reported it to Only Fans, but the response was a generic word. Looking into it, desperate, she stopped going to Sunny's Market and avoided public places. She even taped over her laptop camera, terrified someone was hacking her devices. But the messages didn't stop. A new account popped up with a chilling note. Missed you at the store today, Sarah. Where have you been? One night, Sarah came home to find her apartment door slightly a jar. Her blood ran cold. She lived alone and no one had a spare key. Trembling, she called the police, who found no one inside, but noticed something odd. A single cupcake wrapper on her kitchen counter, the kind she used in her videos, with a handwritten note that read, "Made this for you." Sarah hadn't baked that day. She broke down, realizing her stalker had been in her home. The police dusted for Prince, but found nothing conclusive. Sarah installed a security system and moved to a new apartment across town, keeping her address secret, even from friends. But 2 months later, a package arrived at her new place. No return addressed. Just a photo of her at her old apartment's doorstep, taken the night she found the rapper. The note attached said, "I'll always know where you are." Sarah quit. Only fans immediately. She deleted all her social media, changed her phone number, and moved again, this time to a different state. She shared her story anonymously on a creator forum, warning others to protect their privacy. The police never identified Sweet Tooth77 or SugarFan 88, leaving Sarah haunted by the thought that her stalker is still out there watching from the shadows. She's given up her bakery dreams for now, too afraid to be in the public eye. I thought I was sharing my passion, she wrote, but I was sharing my life with a monster. Sarah's story is a stark reminder that platforms like Only F can be a double-edged sword. The promise of freedom comes with risks no one warns you about. A single obsessive fan can turn your safe space into a prison of fear. Sarah's life is forever changed. Not because of what she shared, but because of who was watching. If this story shook you, drop a comment. What do you think about the dangers creators face online? And if you want more true horror stories, hit that like button and subscribe for weekly chills. With that said, thanks for watching and until next

- The ACTUAL Best Traffic Method For OnlyFans Creators (forever): Kind: captions Language: en As a creator, the hardest part about making money on Only Fans is actually getting the subscribers. That process of learning how to put yourself in front of as many people as possible and get those people to subscribe. Because it is so hard, it's only natural to want to lean onto what other people inside the industry are suggesting. But the issue with that is the majority of what they're saying is complete [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can guarantee you if you look up right now top five best Only Fans traffic methods or the best way to get subscribers in 2025, you'll see hundreds of videos all the exact same. If you set up your black hat method like this with 150 proxies and 50 dating app profiles or you set up 30 Instagram accounts and you post blah blah blah on all of them or you can try Reddit like this and Twitter like that and DA still works, bro. Shut up. It doesn't work. It's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's so easy in this industry to throw out buzzwords that get people excited. A word that seems exciting and fancy and shiny and new and never used before to make people think, "Ah, what I'm doing right now isn't working. That's new and exciting. I'm just going to jump straight onto that." And what you'll notice is the majority of these videos you see out there are made by agencies targeting other agencies. It's never for the creator specifically. And if you're looking at content made by an agency for another agency, you'll also realize that they're often just trying to pitch a course. They're trying to pitch some kind of upsell. We've got this fancy traffic method that doesn't make any sense. Doesn't really feel like it would work. No idea what it is, but it's new and shiny and exciting and you've never heard of it. I'll give it to you if you pay me. Here's my course, X, Y, and Z. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? It really comes down to a handful of traffic methods. The only ones that really, really work these days are much more simple than you think, but there's only a few of them. So, what are the traffic methods everyone's using, good or bad? There's around six main traffic methods that I'll get into. There are others, don't get me wrong, but they're either too niche or too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to even be mentioned. So, if they're not in this video, probably just don't worry about them. All right, Instagram, Twitter, or X, Tik Tok, Reddit, threads, and dating apps. I'll go through all of these one by one. These are the main ones you're going to see people talking about. I'll talk about the pros and cons as we go through, starting from worst to best. If you watch any of my other videos, you'll know that this is my least favorite traffic method. dating apps or DA. The thing is with dating app traffic is it makes a lot of people a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money, but it used to make a lot more people a lot more money a couple years ago. So the way dating app traffic works is you match with someone on the platforms whether it's Tinder, Bumble, whatever it may be. Hinge was never really a big one, but Tinder and Bumble were very big. So you get a match on there, you move them over to a different platform. So Instagram, Snapchat, Telegram, it can't be Only Fans straight away. You get them there and then you funnel them over to the Only Fans. you start making your sales. It's good in theory, right? Because it's it's a dating app. They're there for specific reasons. Reasons that align fairly well with Only Fans if done correctly. So, in theory, it sounds really good. But the issue is you need to be getting so many matches so often that so many subs are converting. Not only are they converting past the chatting stage because you have to get them off the platform and then convince them to subscribe. Not everyone is going to do that. A small percentage of people will do that. So, you need to be getting so many matches that it doesn't matter if a few drop off here, you're still going to be getting 30, 40 subs a day. So, how can we guarantee thousands of Bumble matches and thousands of Tinder matches every single day? Well, it comes down to running multiple accounts all at the same time. Multiple accounts matching with hundreds of people every single day, funneling them off platform and then to the only fans constantly. But the issue is these platforms don't want you to have multiple accounts. They just want you to have the one. Matter of fact, if you have one account and that gets banned, they will ban you every single time you make a new one. And accounts do get banned. So, it's about finding that loophole that allows you to make so many accounts that even if a few get banned, it doesn't matter. We can still make hundreds more and keep them all running at the same time. So, the people that are really big in dating apps and love this traffic method have to find that loophole. And to do that, they spend thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars to figure it all out. Not to mention the countless time, energy, hours they put into this trying to figure out this tiny little method that works for two weeks. Cuz this is how it looks. You make your multiple accounts. You figured out your loophole. Sweet. It's working. We're flying. The earnings are pumped up. All of a sudden, this loophole breaks. Tinder being the multi-billion dollar platform that it is with the crazy cyber security team that it has patches the loophole. up all of your time, all your effort in the bin. Start again. You have to put all the time, all the money, everything back in to find the new loophole. All the effort that you just put in has now been wasted. Yes, you made might have got crazy amounts of subs and made crazy money for a month, if that. But now you're back to square one. It's not really sustainable. Doesn't make sense. So much time, money, and effort goes into this for something that's not sustainable and not reliable. That's why it's my least favorite. For me to rate dating apps, the success of them is about three out of five. if you have connections, if you have the money, the time, the method. Dating apps, like I said, can make a lot of money. So, there are three out of five, but sustainability of them is an absolute zero. The methods always get patched. You got to spend more time, more money, more effort. We've gone over it. It's not sustainable at all. It's a constant cycle of rinse and repeat, fix, solve, go back to square one, that sort of thing. The accessibility, 0.5 out of five. Especially for a solo creator. If you're a creator, there's absolutely no point getting into dating apps because it's way too much work. It's too niche. You got to know too many people. It's if it was for solo creators, it would be an absolute zero as well. But for the few creators that work with agencies that have this sort of method working well, there's a 0.5 there. But overall, it's three zero and a 0.5. Don't like it. Next one is Twitter and Threads. And I'm just going to put them together because they're essentially the same platform. Same operation, same posting style. It's all pretty much the same, but they're just run by different companies. What I really like about Threads and Twitter and the strategy I'm going to talk about after this is they're perfect for solo creators. So, creators that aren't working with agencies can run these methods super easily and it does get good results. For a creator, the content style, the posting setup, and the engagement strategy of these platforms is super sustainable. For example, the content style on these platforms now it's leaning much more towards the more homemade selfie just picked up your phone, took a photo, no proper camera, no real setup and lighting and that sort of thing. Just making sure the content looks good, but it feels natural and authentic. That content style is so easy to make for solo creators. It doesn't take time and effort. just a little bit of attention to detail and you can get really really high quality content for Twitter, for threads and for a lot of other platforms because these days a lot of the audience is moving more towards favoring that homemade easy to take, not forced content. I'll show some examples. If you check out the description, I'll put a whole bunch of examples of content there. There is a bit of debate around what posting setup you should use. So, how many times you should be posting on your feed on these platforms. Some people say four a day, some people say eight, some people say, I don't know, 300. It really doesn't matter. It depends on your strategy. But for a good benchmark, four to six posts on your feed a day is super solid. Most strategies do revolve around that four to eight kind of mark. But the bonus with this, which is super helpful for solo creators, is while the content style is super easy, you can reuse it as well. It's not like Instagram where you can't repost the same reel over and over and over again. If you have a photo or a video that you've posted before, as long as you wait a few days so the audience doesn't get uh exhausted from it, you can just repost the same content. It's completely fine. The platform allows it. Some people say you need a spoof and this sort of stuff, but in all my time testing it, and all the people I know, they don't bother spoofing it. It has really no effect, right? So, not only is the content super easy to make, you can also repost it multiple times. Now, engagement. The engagement is a lot bigger on Twitter, it seems. What I mean by that is you'll see a lot of creators get the majority of their views and followers and subscribers from comment baiting or engaging under other profiles posts. So if there's a post whether it's of Ronaldo, whether it's of another Only Fans girl, there'll be some Only Fans girl in the comment dropping a photo of herself saying something along the lines of come check out my profile. And if it's not that, it's that indirectly. So, it's more subtle, more smooth, but at the end of the day, what these people are doing are commenting under massive posts, me mega viral posts. So, when people check the comments, they see a pretty girl and they think, "Oh, I'm going to subscribe." That's the engagement strategy for Twitter. There are a whole bunch of different gimmicks and things people do, like if you use this text and that text, at the end of the day, that's what it is. There's a viral post or a post that fits your niche. You put a photo of the creator in the comment section, the viewers are going to come across to the page. It's as simple as that. Threads has the same thing, you completely can do the same thing on threads, but it doesn't seem to be as powerful. What works a lot stronger on threads is your posts. So, where Twitter has less strength in the posting and a lot more strength in the engagement, threads is a lot more dominant from the posting. If you can figure out a good caption and good photos for your posting, you can do really well. So, that's the difference between the two. But other than that, they're completely the same except for one point. With Twitter, they have retweets and retweet groups. Now, this is again a lot of debate in the industry whether or not they are actually worth it. But if you're a creator and you're trying to get your account off the ground, you can definitely join retweet groups. Especially if you have friends that do well on Twitter, they can add you to these groups where other creators will shout you out on their profile. Essentially, it's kind of like a shout out for shoutout thing. It gets you quick engagement, quick followers, quick subscribers. It's definitely worth doing if you're new, but it can damage the health of your account if you do it long term, just so you know. So, what are the downsides of these platforms? For Twitter and threads, it's very hard to break through. If you're starting a fresh account or you've got a very small account, it's really hard to get that initial boost or get that first viral post. Unless you've got a following on another platform that you can bring across to kind of boost your organic growth, it is really hard to to get your feed off the ground off the ground like you're flying. Like I said, you can use those retweet groups to get you started and get the ball rolling a little bit, but it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to break out and do super well. Which is why for me, Twitter has always been a backup traffic method because it can do really, really well, but it might take a long time. But for us, it doesn't matter because we've got that main traffic source pulling a lot of the weight. But we've got a full social media team, so it's a little bit different. It's still super viable for solo creators, a great traffic source for solo creators. But an issue you will face is standing out. It's very hard to stand out on this platform, on threads or Twitter, because it's so two-dimensional. It's just a photo with a caption, or it's a comment with a photo and a little bit of text. There's no way to stand out deeper than that. You can't have a funny video showing what makes you unique, hearing your voice, having a strong hook, doing something special that allows you to stand out from other Only Fans creators. When they're scrolling, just seeing photos with a funny caption. Yeah, the caption might be funny, but at the end of the day, they're looking at you and everything just becomes sexual. There's no emotion, there's no personality, there's no depth. It's all surface level image, what they're seeing. And the secret to success on social media is having that visual that they want to see, but also pairing that with some depth, with some personality, with some uniqueness, something that's going to make you stand out. But these platforms don't really allow you to do that with a simple photo or a short video and some text, right? Twitter and threads just have a smaller audience anyway. There's less people on there for you to put yourself in front of. But with a platform like Twitter where they're so used to seeing 18 plus content all the time, they've become so desensitized to that. And if you think about promoting yourself on somewhere for a price where they can just see all the stuff they want to see for free, you're competing in a pretty harsh market. All of these Twitter users that are getting their 18 plus content for free on Twitter are never going to see your pay wall and think, "Oh, I'll pay for a change. Why not? And hopefully I'll see what I want to see." It just doesn't work like that. And all of those users are engaging so heavily with the fully explicit content they're seeing on Twitter. And you have to compete with that. All of this content that's fully explicit that gets heaps of engagement, you would be posting less explicit content because it's behind a payw wall, but you still need to compete with that to go viral or get engagement. It makes life so much harder for yourself. But that being said, Twitter and threads are both great platforms if done correctly. So what do we rate it? The success rate for the subscribers is around 2.5 for these platforms. A lot of the subscribers that do subt are low spending as well, but it's just harder to succeed on these platforms to to grow, to stand out as we mentioned. So, it's about a 2.5 for success. Sustainability 3.5. It is much more sustainable than dating apps. It is much easier to run. It's definitely doable for a solo creator or a smaller agency. But the issue is a lot of the strategies do involve a lot of posting or a lot of comment replies. If you're doing that every single day, it can definitely get tiring or you burn out or you get bored of it if you don't hire someone to replace you. So, the sustainability on that end is a bit of a pain, but it's quite easy to hire and train someone to replace you for that. So, 3.5. Now, the accessibility, there is honestly not a more accessible or easy platform to run for creators specifically. For agencies as well, but agencies have more access and they spend more time researching that sort of stuff. for creators and agencies. It is by far the most accessible because there's no secret trick, there's no rules, there's no uh skill level or barrier to entry to use these platforms. Just about anyone can use it and do well. As long as you can take good photos, you can do well on these platforms. If you look at all the YouTube videos about Twitter and threads and the strategy, it is all super basic and super just common sense really. Watch a few videos of those. That's all you need to do and you're good to go for these platforms. Super accessible. Now, Reddit, I do slightly prefer Reddit over Twitter, and some people may disagree with me there, but there's a few reasons for this. Reddit gives you a lot more options to stand out, be unique, and find your own market that Twitter and threads don't allow you to do. I'll get more into that now. The content style again is exactly the same on all platforms. The content style is moving more towards that homemade quick selfie, not highly produced. It feels more authentic and connected. So the content is still exactly the same as the other platforms, but where you post them and how you allocate yourself allows you to stand out and kind of build a community because you can target the people that you want to target. You can target the audience that you know will resonate with your content because the way Reddit works is there's subreddits. So as the name implies, there subcategories of the platform. So there's communities, there's groups, whatever you want to call it, of specific things. And when I say there's groups, I mean there's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] groups. Like there is groups for everything you can think of. The goal is essentially to find your people. Who likes your content the most? Who resonates with it the most? Who's going to enjoy it? Find their subreddit and post in it. Now, obviously the goal is to post in one that's got as many people as possible. If you find one that's got three people, probably not going to do great. But if it's got thousands of people, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, amazing. And trust me, it doesn't matter how weird or how unique your content is, there will be a subreddit for you. There's subreddits for everything from feet to parkour girls to 23-year-old blonde Chinese 6'4 pilots. All right, that literally everything. Maybe not that last one, but you get my point. There's subreddits for every niche. What? No matter what you make. The only issue is when you find those niches that would suit you, you need to make sure they have enough members. Because if you're joining a subreddit and posting your content in there, but it's only got three people in there, who are you selling to? Who are you marketing to? You need to be looking for the biggest subreddits that also fit your branding. Which is why for Reddit, this is this is what allows it to stand out from Twitter and threads because you can actually be unique. You can stand out. You can show a bit of depth and personality through the subreddits. You can find your own lanes, your own subreddits that you specifically suit. Even if it's something as little as Colombian subreddit, Australian subreddit, um I don't know, Thai subreddit, something as simple as your nationality. That simple thing allows you to stand out for the people that are looking for that specifically. That way you stand out from the other millions of creators that don't suit that. It gives you that extra level of separation of uniqueness past what Twitter and threads allow. Now, the issue with Reddit is that they're super anal. They can ban you for absolutely no reason and you'll never get your account back. But on top of that, each of these subreddits are ran by regular people. They're not run by Reddit. They're made and managed by just regular Reddit users. That also means the moderators that are controlling the account can kick you out, can ban you, can delete your posts whenever they'd like. And they do. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do. The moderators are probably the hardest part about Reddit because if you don't follow their rules to a tea, if they don't feel like looking at you that day, if you're posting specific stuff in a different subreddit that they don't like that is was in there first and they they came second, they will just kick you out. They'll delete your post. They'll ban you. These Reddit moderators are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pretty much. But if you play by their rules and you listen to their game and you know each subreddit has their own list of rules, if you can strictly follow those, you should be fine. You can be you can do really really well on Reddit for a long time without any issues if you follow all of their rules. But one little slip up, your account gets banned. So most people that are on Reddit and use Reddit successfully eventually will get banned and you just have to start again. It's fine. It's what happens. But just don't be precious to an account. Follow the rules. do what you can and expect a ban will come eventually. But like I said, I do really like Reddit despite the bans because it allows you to post his content and stand out in your own little unique circles. The subscribers that you find from Reddit, despite it having the same kind of qualities as Twitter with the 18 plus content being allowed, the subscribers that you get from Reddit are usually higher spenders. But that comes down to the uniqueness of the content. So the fact that people are there specifically for you in that subreddit, you've stood out. You're not just someone that they subscribe to amongst the 50 other people they subscribe to. You're someone a bit unique and special. That allows more high quality subscribers. Whereas Twitter doesn't have that. So what are we rating Reddit for the success? It's a four out of five 100%. From the quality of subscribers you get to how many you can get. It's crazy. We have creators earning 30 40 50k a month purely from Reddit. But that's because the quality of subscribers you get are so so good because you can target those certain subreddits. As we mentioned, sustainability is a 2.5, and that's purely because Reddit is never a sure thing. Everyone that does Reddit a lot will tell you that bans are just a given. You can't run a Reddit account without expecting a ban coming eventually. Moderators can just change their mind and ban you. Reddit can change its mind, ban you. Of course, you can start again. It's not like dating apps where you're banned forever. You can just start a new account, but you got to start from scratch. That's the issue. So, for that, rate a 2.5 for sustainability. Now, accessibility 3.5. There are rules and tricks and certain things certain things you need to learn to run a Reddit account successfully, but for the most part, it's fairly simple. A few YouTube videos, it is quite easy to learn. They're just small small tricks, more than Twitter, more than threads, but less than other platforms like dating apps. So, yeah, super accessible. You just got to do a little bit of your own research and make sure you keep that in the back of your mind when you're working on it. But overall, love Reddit. Hey, I hope you're enjoying the video so far. If you are, it really helps me out if you could leave a like. That way I know you're liking what I'm doing. But if you got anything to say, any questions, any feedback, good or bad, I don't care what it is. Any feedback you have is the most valuable thing for me. I want If you have any feedback for me, please let me know in the comments. I want to make changes. I want to make this better for you guys. If you like what I'm doing so far, consider subscribing so you can see a bit more. Tik Tok. Everyone knows and loves Tik Tok, but is it still the go-to method for getting subscribers on Only Fans? No. To give you a short answer, it's not. A few years ago, Tik Tok was the method, the best method by far. A few years ago, it was super easy to go viral, get thousands of views, thousands of subscribers, and make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money using Tik Tok. But it's not the same anymore. The platform has got so much more strict with having links in your bio, so much more strict with what you can show in your content. They've put in place so much higher security for account setup and proxy location and all that sort of stuff. They're making it so much harder on purpose. So, for that reason, Tik Tok isn't the go-to method anymore, but it is still by far one of the best. It beats any other one that we've spoken about so far, and that's for a few reasons. Tik Tok videos, they allow you to do essentially everything that you want. You can show personality, you can show depth, you can show your uniqueness, your interest, your personal, like, you can show everything about you that's that puts you above everyone else showing physical features. So, yes, you look amazing. You look great and the fans love that, but so does millions of other creators. Now you're showing your personality and what makes you interesting and the stuff that you love and the stuff that you're passionate about. The audience resonates with that. So you look great, but I'm now resonating with a deeper side of you. And Tik Tok allows you to do that. The only issue with Tik Tok that the next platform doesn't have is how strict they are with what you can show. So if you're not fairly covered up, they can restrict your videos, take it down, even ban your account, that sort of thing. So in an ideal world, we have a traffic method that allows you to be unique, show your personality, show your interest, stand out from the crowd, but also show off some physical features as well. That way, we can hit both sides of the male brain, right? In an ideal world, we have that traffic method. But even then, there are celebrities being made on Tik Tok every single day, following the rules, posting highquality, engaging content. But that's 100% doable for any Only Fans creator that's willing to put in the work because it does take a lot of time and effort to succeed on this platform. And I'm going to be 100% honest here. It's gotten harder. Tik Tok specifically has gotten a lot harder to grow organically, build a following, go viral. It is much harder. A lot of agencies and creators are kind of giving up on it because there are better ways to succeed. But one thing that is still strong, not as strong as it used to be like everything, but still very, very strong for Tik Tok is lives. Tik Tok lives to this day are a crazy traffic method. Yes, they did work really well back in the day, but they still work well now. Because think about it from a business standpoint. If you were Tik Tok, your goal is to keep as many people on the platform for as long as possible. And people scroll, they get bored, they leave the app. But if Tik Tok sees that you're 20 minute, 30 minute, 1 hour long live is keeping people engaged on their platform. They're going to show that live to more people because that means more people on the platform for a longer amount of time. I can show them more ads. I can make more money off them from a Tik Tok standpoint. So, if you're going live, retaining viewers on their app, they're going to show you to more and more people. And what we found is when you go live in conjunction with posting Tik Tok videos, everything grows all at once because the people watching the live check out the videos. The live gets pushed to more people. The videos then get pushed to more people. Everything grows. Everything compounds when you can do both. But it's just about figuring out what's an engaging live strategy I can do because heaps of people can do lives. Everyone can do lives, but if they're not fun, if they're not engaging, no one's going to watch them. And if no one watches them, it's not in Tik Tok's best interest to push you to more people, right? It has to be interesting. You have to be getting people on there. Then Tik Tok will see, "Okay, let's show more." So, what are we rating Tik Tok? For the success, I'm at a four out of five, but I'm even skeptical about that. The success rate people are having on Tik Tok is so rapidly decreasing that for an overall population, I think four out of five might even be too high. But if you do things right, if you have the right strategy, and you're really careful, Tik Tok can be a four out of five. So, I'm going to let it sit there. Sustainability, three out of five. Because Tik Tok is a lot more strict. They ban a lot more unfairly. They are they're really weird with what they ban and restrict you for. Like, one day you can post this and all of a sudden your whole account gets banned for posting something completely normal. Obviously, they're more strict with what you can post overall. There's just a whole bunch of weird things with Tik Tok and nothing's ever clear. They don't have like a miseri like Instagram has the the head of Instagram that just gets on his uh Instagram lives and says, "This is what's going on on Instagram. I'm going to answer your questions. This is behind the scenes." So, you know, Instagram's intentions. Tik Tok is very up in the air, so you never really know what's going on. Accessibility is 100% a five out of five. Everyone has Tik Tok. Everyone knows how to use Tik Tok. It's as simple as that. Not everyone knows how to use it properly, but absolutely everyone and anyone can use Tik Tok. That's where most people start and realize it's a bit harder than it looks. But yes, 100% the most accessible out of all of them, I would say. My favorite, Instagram. Like I said before, in an ideal world, we could have a platform where we could show a little bit more explicit content, but still show our personality and our interest and what makes us unique. Instagram. That's it. Don't get me wrong, Instagram isn't an 18 plus platform. We can't do whatever we want, but we have a lot more leeway than Tik Tok. Everyone that's growing a big following, everyone that's making a lot of money are all using Instagram. Instagram is by far the best traffic method for 2025. But if you look at the fundamentals of Instagram, you'll realize that it will be the best traffic method forever. The core fundamental for Instagram is the content. No surprise there. The content you're able to post is why it's by far the best traffic method for Only Fans. You're able to be unique, show your personality, show your interest, stand out from the crowd. But not only that, you can show physical features that the audience wants to see, giving you so much diversity in what you can use for hooks, for your rewards, for your content, for everything. It adds so many more levels to your game because now you've got everything to play with, especially everything that the male gaze wants to see, who is obviously the audience. Every creator just does the same thing. They all copy each other. They all do the same dances. They all do the same trends, and they complain, "Why is it so much harder to succeed on Only Fans these days?" And the truth is, yeah, it is harder to succeed, but you're just not adapting because there are creators out there going from zero to 100K this month, but they're doing things that you're not. Another big fundamental for Instagram is their feedback. Their feedback is so strong and so reliable that it's our secret to success. We let this feedback drive us. If we're being told that our audience likes this video, they like this hook, they like this outfit, they like when we do this, we do more of that. Plain and simple, no questions asked. If the feedback is telling us something is working, our audience likes this, we do more of that because it's so reliable. The feedback from Instagram is so high quality that it makes the decisions for us. We don't have to guess. We don't have to play games. We just do what the audience says they like, right? It's as simple as that. But we can take that a step further. If you're a new creator who doesn't have an audience, or haven't got any feedback yet, you can see what the market, what Instagram is already enjoying. you can see the feedback other people are getting through views, through shares, through saved, that sort of thing, and you can replicate that into your own brand. Now, the key isn't copying the video exactly. It's getting the video, spinning it to be in your brand, whether it's something you would say or your outfit or your location, and doing the same thing because Instagram's feedback is so good that the format or the DNA of a video, if it performs, it will perform again because Instagram is so good at tracking what the audience likes. So, that's massive for us and for you. Another foundation that I love is the reliability. Unlike some of these other methods, your loophole isn't going to close. You're not going to have to go back to the drawing board spending countless hours and dollars figuring out what's the next strategy. Instagram will forever house the next celebrities, the next influencers, the next comedians, whoever it may be. And as long as you're willing to adapt to what the platform likes, what the platform allows, you can succeed on this platform forever. That's why it's so reliable. As long as you're willing to adapt and move to the way Instagram is going and the the terms and conditions and what you're allowed to do, but also what the audience likes. If you're willing to adapt and you're able to adapt, you have a reliable subscriber base income forever. Which brings me to the next foundation, wrapping this up as the best traffic method, and that's longevity. The longevity with Instagram is unmatched. There is no other traffic method that can even touch the longevity that Instagram has. It's not like Reddit where you're building up this profile for months and months or even years to eventually get banned, inevitably get banned, or a dating app method that the loophole closes and you're back to square one. With Instagram, you spend months, years, whatever it may be, building a following, building a fan base, engaging with your audience and that's stuck with you. You grow a personal brand that is tied to you. That compounds your success, your following, your network exponentially. The bigger you grow, the faster you grow and the more resources, the more access, the more subscribers, the more money you make. Instagram is the only platform really with that power. I say this sparingly because there is a catch to it. But the longevity with Instagram is so strong that if you spend those years building a personal brand, engaging with your audience, having a strong following, if you want, you can pivot out of Only Fans. And it's been done heaps of times before. If that fan base is there, if that following is there, if you built a personal brand around you and your unique self, as long as you haven't done like a Bonnie Blue situation, it is quite easy to pivot out of Only Fans and have success in other industries off the back of the brand that you've built because the longevity with Instagram, like I said, second to none. Now, after me glazing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Instagram, what are the downsides of it? Because there are downsides. Number one is there's no hacks. There's no express ticket. There's no fast pass. There's no loophole you can jump through to skip the queue and have millions of followers. really really fast. Doesn't work like that with Instagram. And it doesn't have that Tik Tok live ability that Tik Tok has where you can go live, draw in an audience, and grow the rest of your posts. It doesn't work like that. It doesn't have any of those features. The way Instagram works to actually succeed is the effort. putting in the hours, posting consistently every single day, looking at the feedback, listening to the feedback, looking at what other people are doing, studying, learning what's the market doing, what's performing, putting in the time and the effort into this platform, which makes it by far the most load intensive, the most work inensive all the methods, but it is the best. But effort is nothing without the skill. Yes, you can brute force it. You can just just create create, but you'll burn out. You'll lose energy. You'll waste time. You have to have a level of skill. You need to know what to look for when you're looking at pieces of content. You need to know what has when this creator went viral, why did she go viral? You need to be able to recognize what parts of that piece of content did well so I can replicate that for myself. Or when your own piece of content does well, how do you recognize what piece of that did the audience like so I can replicate that again? Because you're given feedback. You're given numbers, but there's an extra skill level to read deeper than that, to look into the content and know what an audience likes. And even then, you need to have a skill for understanding what social media likes as a whole. So you can script ideas, you can plan, you can do things from the beginning. On top of ideation skill, you need to have content creation skills. You need to know good lighting, good framing, good angles. You need to know how to use your camera, all that sort of stuff. So there's skill involved. There's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of effort involved. And there's no fast pass. There's no hacks. Instagram is a lot harder than the other platforms, but it is still by far the best. Instagram, what are we rating it? So, for success, I've got a 4.8 out of five. And the reason for that point8 is because Instagram, as we've said, is more demanding. It requires more work, more testing, more feedback, and it takes more time to succeed on. But if you can push through that, if you're willing to put the work in and you do all the things right, you have a good strategy, the success that comes from Instagram is just nothing touches it, nothing competes with it. It's by far the best platform for that sort of thing if you're willing to put the work in. Hence the the point 2 um deduction. Sustainability is easily a five out of five. Yes, the initial stages can be bumpy and tricky and figuring out your way can be hard, but once you're in a role, once you've got the systems down and you've got a process for content ideation, content creation, content posting, everything just flows. It becomes so easy. It becomes second nature, especially when you're looking at the feedback and reading off that, letting the data make decisions for you. Everything becomes so easy and sustainable for a long, long time. Accessibility. Again, similar to Tik Tok, everyone's got Instagram, everyone knows how to make reals, it is super accessible to absolutely anyone. So, if you combine how accessible it is with how sustainable it is and how much success you can see from it, it just is clearly the best traffic method. The proof is literally in the pudding on Instagram because as you scroll, you see all the success people are having. It's it's uh broadcasted to you. You can see, okay, this video got this much engagement, this video got this much engagement. It's all you don't need to go behind the scenes and know all the secret tricks and methods that other people are using. It's given to you. You have access to all of that, right? Cool. That is definitely the best traffic method. My favorite. The truth is short form content and specifically Instagram is the way of the future. Yes, it's harder. Yes, it takes effort. But nothing that's worth having is easy to get. These platforms and this content style has literally changed lives, made celebrities, and made millionaires. And just think twice before you listen to these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos saying best traffic method 2025 when 99% of the people making those videos don't even know how to use that traffic method themselves. But anyways, the point is if the world's most successful creators are doing something, you should probably be doing it, too. Yes, it is harder. Yes, it takes more time, but that's what's made these creators so successful. Like I said, nothing that's worth having comes easy. And just remember, next time you're watching a video like this, try think to yourself, if this traffic method that this guy's trying to convince me to switch to is so good, why aren't the world's biggest creators using it? I highly doubt Sophie Rain's management team has 50 Tinder profiles set up for it. But if you do want to know how Sophie succeeded so fast, I've got a quick video on the four-step framework that she's used to become a millionaire. Check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ares5495 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for releasing this content for free, especially as an agency that’s already at the top. It’s been incredibly helpful. 
If you could cover the Reddit topic in more depth or offer some extra guidance, I’d really appreciate it, because I just can’t seem to get it right on my own. Thanks again for the sauce!
  2. @3lennard8 [1 likes]: good video bro
  3. @InvariantConsulting: Good breakdown. I’m curious where people think the bigger bottleneck is right now? getting traffic, or monetizing the traffic once it lands? I see a lot of pages where strong traffic hides weak conversion and retention underneath.
  4. @luismiguel4362: Brother realy good  Video !
  5. @thefryingpan951: The problem is getting reddit accounts to live… any guidance on that?
  6. @TwizzyPop: If anyone needs Reddit NSFW traffic for their funnel, I currently offer this as a freelance service. I help creators move Reddit traffic efficiently before sending to OF. Open for collaboration. Providing Reddit → Snap traffic setup for creators who want better conversion.
  7. @Wishvngwell: Incredible best video I have seen all year. Thank you!
  8. @MissKat_1: This is very helpful, I totally agree with you on IG. Most of my whales come from IG! 👌
  9. @MadameKinkster: I personally like YT but most aren’t on here which is great for me lol
  10. @KrystalGrandison: thank you so much for this!

- How to Find Creators on OnlyFans (Search for Your Favorite Creators!): Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to the channel today I'll guide you on how to find creators on only fans if you're new to the platform or simply trying to locate specific creators or discover new ones this tutorial will walk you through the steps to begin open your web browser and go to WR single quote onlyfans.com log into your account using your username and password if you don't already have an account you can create one by clicking on sign up and following the registration process once you're logged in there are a few ways to find creators the first method is using the search bar at the top of the only fans homepage you can type the Creator's username or their name if you know it into the search bar keep in mind that only fans doesn't have an advanced search feature so results are limited to exact matches or close approximations if you're looking for a Creator and don't know their username you might need to check their social media profiles many creators promote their only fans accounts on platforms like Twitter Instagram or Tik Tock look for links in their bios or posts mentioning their only fans page another method to discover creators is by exploring third-party websites or directories these websites categorize creators based on niches popularity or location be cautious when using third-party services to ensure they are Trust trustworthy for those who want to follow popular creators you can check only fans forums Reddit communities or social media hashtags creators often use these platforms to share updates and attract new subscribers if you've subscribe to a Creator in the past and want to find them again you can check your account subscription history or messages to locate their profile lastly some creators use referral links these links may appear in New newsletters or in collaboration posts from other creators clicking on such links will take you directly to their only fans profile and that's how you can find creators on only fans see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ivanivanovic7596 [1 likes]: Finding creators like your favorites isn’t easy there. ExploreFans allows searching for similar profiles by photo.

- How to Find Creators on Onlyfans (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hello guys, what is up? In this video, we are going to show you how to find creators on Only Fans. Now, if you are using your desktop or your PC or your laptop, it's quite simple. Once you are logged into your Only Fans account, the first thing, if you're brand new, the first thing you're going to see are these Only Fans posts, right? Because you haven't subscribed to anybody yet, right? So, subscription only fans have two types, free and paid, right? Uh, but if you haven't followed or subscribed to anybody yet, uh, you're going to see only fans the their main account. That's the only one you're that's the only thing that you're going to see on their feed. Now, it's it's a way to find, you know, people that you might want to follow or subscribe to. So, just go to their their profile and just search for all the posts if you like what they're posting or if they're they're they're posting the people anyway. They're posting the girls anyway. So, for example, you you like this one. So, just click on her, right? And for the most part, a lot of Only Fans models have two accounts, free and paid. So, just click on this and you'll be able to do so. Another way to just look for creators is just go to your right hand side and just go through the sub uh the suggestions. Right? So these are suggestions. Just click on the next, see which girls you want. And if you haven't seen anybody that you like, just click on the refresh. There you go. It's going to refresh with a new batch of people. So pretty much it. That's the video. Hope you liked it. Like, comment, share, subscribe, ring that bell icon. See you on next video.

- How to Become an OF Chatter and Start Earning Fast (Step-by-Step): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever feel like you want to make money online, but you don't know where to start? Maybe you've tried different side hustle, but nothing really clicked. Well, let me tell you about something that worked for me. Almost a year ago, I started working as only funds chatter. I had no experience, no special skills, and honestly, I had no idea what I was doing. My first month, I made just $300, but I stuck with it, figured out how things worked, and little by little, I got better. Fast forward to today and last month alone, I made over $3,000 just from chatting. In total, I already made over 10,000 doing this. And I'm going to show you exactly how can do the same. Now, here's the thing. If you skip even one part of what I'm about to tell you, you might end up wasting time applying to run agencies or even getting scammed. So, stick with me and by the end of this video, I'll show you exactly how to start and how to make real money doing it. All right, let's break it down. If you're watching this, you probably have three big questions. What does an Only Funds charter actually do? And do you need any skills to get started? How do you find a job? And where's the best place to apply? How much can you actually make? And what's the best way to earn the most money? So, first, what exactly is the job? If you don't already know, an only funds chatter works for an agency that manages Only Funds models. Your job, chat with subscribers, keep them engaged, and sell content on behalf of a model. That's it. It's really that simple. And here is why it's one of the easiest online jobs to start. You don't need any prior experience. You don't need a degree. You don't need to invest any money. All you need is a laptop and internet connection and desire to make money and learn. That's why this job is so beginner friendly. Now, the best chapters, the ones making the most money, develop key skills over time, like sales, emotional intelligence, and knowing how to read people. But here's a good news, you learn it as you go. And another big plus, you can work from anywhere. Whether you want to work from home, travel, or just make money on your own schedule, this job gives you complete flexibility. If you can chat, you can get paid. All right, now that you know what a charter actually does, let's get into the most important part. How to get hired. Here's where the most beginners mess up. They apply for the first job they see. Such a big mistake. Not all agencies are good. Some will underpay you. Some will make you work ridiculous hours. And some straight up scams. That's why you need to know where to look and how to pick the right agency. The best places to find legit chatter job, Telegram channels, Reddit subreddits and specific website where agencies post daily vacancies. There are tons of opportunities out there, but you need to check multiple sources. If you are only looking in one place, you are missing out on better offers. I always recommend checking at least two, three different sources before applying. The more you look, the better job you'll find. To make it easier for you, I've uploaded a full list of verified job sources in my Telegram channel. So, check the link in the description or the pinned comment. Now, once you found a few agencies that look good, apply to multiple at the same time. Don't just wait on one. Compare payment terms, working conditions, and agency reputation. And don't be afraid to ask questions. What's the pay structure? What are the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] requirements? What's expected from you daily? If the agency feels legit and everything checks out, you're good to go. And the best part, you start making money from the day one. But now the real question, how much can you actually make? Let's break it down. All right, let's talk money. Because at the end of the day, that's why we're here, right? There are three main ways agencies pay charters. First one, hourly pay. Usually around $3 to $5 per hour. It's stable, but it's the lowest paying option. The second one is hourly pay plus commission. We get $2 to $4 per hour plus 5 to 10% of sales. A good middle ground. And the third one, commission only. You earn 10 to 25% of sales. And this is where you can make serious money. And here's why commission based pay is the way to go. It rewards you for getting better. Let's do the math. Let's say you are getting 20% commission and you sell 10,000 worth of content in a month. That's 2,000 of earnings just from chatting. But if you had taken an hourly job at $3 per hour working a full-time, you'd make only $624. Do you see the difference? Even on a lower commission, let's say 8% of sales, you can still make around $1,124 per month. And that's for a beginner. As you get better, your sales will go up, your commission will go up, and your earnings will increase. And here's what's even more interesting. This job isn't just about chatting. You are learning how an Only Funds agency works. You'll see how traffic is brought in, how sales are made, and how the agency operates. And that means you have options. You can stay a charter and move up to a manager role or you can specialize in traffic marketing or you can even start your own agency down the line. This industry is growing fast and getting in early is a huge advantage. So now you know everything you need to become an only funds charter. What the job is, where to find the best offers, and how to maximize your earnings. But here's the thing, your success depends on choosing the right agency. Some will pay you well, some will completely waste your time. That's why I put together a free manual for new chatters so you can know exactly which offers to take and which ones to avoid. I've uploaded in my Telegram channel so check the first pin comment or the description to get it. And if you are serious about making money, watch my next video on how to sell more and improve as a chatter. Click here to watch it now. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ajibolabalogun3715 [3 likes]: I have been applying sometimes 15 job offers daily ....and bo single response 😢😢
  2. @OFM_Warrior [2 likes]: 👉 SUBSCRIBE TO MY TELEGRAM CHANEL: https://t.me/OFM_Warrior
  3. @RamramAlonzo [2 likes]: To whoever is reading this, I’m humbly asking for help. I’m in a difficult situation and urgently looking for a work-from-home or part-time job. I badly need extra income to cover my bills and daily food expenses. I currently have a job, but it’s not enough to support myself and my family.

I’m a 23-year-old male and the main provider for my parents and siblings. Any job opportunity or help would mean so much to me. Sorry for commenting something unrelated to the video—I’m just really desperate right now. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
  4. @panos7296 [2 likes]: Where we can chat?
  5. @MagnaRads [1 likes]: Bro is pretending to be a woman 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @lourechellegeediy2386: How
  7. @elkapnino: Brother can you help me to land a job, im a newbie in this industry but im willing to learn and a very fast learner
  8. @preciousokafor212: Can I use my phone for this?
  9. @Captainbunz01: I got one that pays $1 per hour 💀
  10. @johnsorongon3745: HELLO HOW TO APPLY? I HAVE EXPERIENCE. PLEASE REPLY AND THANK YOU
  11. @Joy_customs2512: I have applied to the website which you posted up in ya telegram any response please 😢

- Former CIA Reveals How to Disappear Completely in Under 24 Hours: Kind: captions Language: en if you need to disappear immediately you got to get the heck out of Dodge I'm going to tell you how to do it right now I am former CIA Officer Jason Hansen and I do Consulting on this with good people meaning people doing nothing illegal but maybe they have domestic violence situation or some other horrible situation so if you got to immediately leave your house first you got to have your Gob back you have to have something you can grab and immediately vanish which means you put it ahead ahead you put it ahead ahead of time you put it together ahead of time so that is number one a go bag two do not do the office obvious so what do I mean by that if somebody's hunting you and finding you what are they going to do they're going to check the airports they're going to check the train station they're going to check the rental car places they're going to do the obvious you need to have a hunker down site where you can go to while things cool down and it could be like somewhere in the woods you're not going to be sleeping in the Four Seasons it's not going to be five stars but do not go to your best friend's house you can't go to anybody who knows you you can't go to a relative you can't go to an ex-boyfriend you can't go to your F favorite yoga studio and see if they'll let you sleep in it or go sleep in the gym for whatever it can be nothing you have any ties to so if you're favorite Park to go for a walk is you know 123 Main Street park in your city you cannot go hide in 123 Main Street park it really has to be a place you've never thought of the best places I like to use are places you've never been before so we all live in towns and there's places we probably never visited maybe some park or just something and you're like you know I should go there I've never been there well that would be your place cuz you've never been there nobody's going to look for you there so that is very very important that's number two is make sure that you break your habits and do not go anywhere you have ever been before and then they're going to look for you and go hunker down for a while and what's number three you're not going to like number three it is patience you just got to sit there so hopefully in your go bag you've got enough stuff for 3 Days meaning you got enough water for 3 days or water filter and you have enough food for 3 Days doesn't have to be a lot of food you can go fine a couple days without eating I've done it plenty of times and then you just got to sit there while things cool down well that person who's looking for you is exhausted all their means and is regrouping he saying ah maybe I shouldn't go after him or maybe I'll you know maybe I'll I'll do this later or whatever and they lose interest obviously it depends on the level of your threat and how bad a stalker it is but if you can have patience and this is the problem most people unfortunately don't have patience and discipline and just hunker down for several days you will be much much better off that is what it takes if you're overseas and maybe you were a CI CIA officer and foreign intelligence was looking for you guess what they get bored after about 3 days too and they go do other things I know you don't believe me but again let's call it a hunch let's call it a guess right what would I know so anyways those are some steps to quickly get out of Dodge quickly but also something else important when it comes to protecting yourself making yourself Vantage is you've got to make yourself vanish online too the way I like to do that is through a company called delete me the sponsor of today's video is delete me but there's something exciting that delete me just did they have expanded their core services and what this means that not only can you protect yourself but you can now protect all your family members so you know Grandma Grandpa whomever you do have to be 18 years or older so what I like about the new family plan that delimi put together is each member can have specific data sheets tailored to their online footprint and also that information can be made private meaning if you don't want somebody to see your own data sheet within delete me you can set privacy prot uh privacy settings that way you're protected nobody else can see it um every single member of the family's digital presence is protected so it reduces the exposure of stocking spam scams all kind of stuff and of course the reason I really like it is it's user friendly you don't have to be a PhD uh or a rocket scientist to figure out how to use it it's got good easy controls gives me peace of mind which is why I use delete me if you go to join delet me.com Hanson and use coupon code Hansen you can get 20% off your plan so if you value your online privacy like I do definitely go to join delet me.com Hansen all right few more things here if we're talking about disappearing we got to do it lightning fast after you've hungered down for a couple days right maybe it's under a bridge maybe it's under who knows where in the woods whatever you still have to be very very careful and can't go contact your best friend you can't go contact your mom your dad your grandpa your whatever right hopefully in your go bag you have some cash because you're going to start moving and using a lot of cash meaning go find a taxi and pay cash get yourself somewhere else go to a hotel pay cash you're not going to go to some fancy hotel but Mom and Pop hotels will allow you to pay cash that is what it's going to take so that's the biggest mistake is what I'm talking to people they like all right so 3 days I hung her down and then I can go to my best friend's house in Tampa and I'll take a you know buy a airline ticket no you're not people are tracting you and hunting you they're going to see you buy that airline ticket that's why You' got to stock as much cash as possible which is what I do I'm very conservative I try and always have a decent amount of emergency cash cuz if you got to go on the run it's the taxi cabs with cash you're not doing Uber using the app and track and all that stuff because guess what you're not using a regular cell phone you're getting a burner phone from Walmart which is easy to do I do it often you take it up to the Walmart counter you say please activate this for me they do everything it's not tied back to you whatsoever so those are the some of the things they can do anytime you think about hey I'm going to whip out my credit card no you are not you don't want to do that you will have no electronics whatsoever besides your burner phone because you're going to have nothing that's tied to you no iPad no iPhone no whatever Gadget is going to be invented by the time you know in a few years from now so have extreme discipline have no electronic gadgets pay cash and always go slow all right hopefully you're never going on the run and hopefully you don't have a stalk or anybody coming after you but check out my other videos if you do I've got some very in-depth how to disappear videos and of course Please Subscribe I appreciate it greatly thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethchao1678 [1 likes]: This is great

Please zero zero zero zero music 


This is great 😮😮😮😮😮😮
  2. @machlineOfficial: wow my dad must've watched this video
  3. @RickyGrice-h3e: Take a plane with armed security guards all the way to the airport have anthor kill squad on the other side of men ready to rock and roll go somewhere beyond seclusion set a primator and shoot anyone that crosses their property lines what Ima felon and just a guest all the guns and shit ain’t in my possession lolz
  4. @Marian-fu2vr: Now i have some problems for watching Yur videos. Anyway blessings and thanks.
  5. @AJMiller-w7z: Yes, turn down the music Lower ...  too distracting ...
  6. @boburwell9921: What like jumping a cruise boat and collecting the insurance? Former cia jackass
  7. @paulettemalekian1517: Very useful information 👌👏🙏But you know what I was thinking? 🧐😅🤓 right now, they are checking to see who’s watching your videos, liking and commenting😎 we are all gonna be in a blacklist 🤣
  8. @amymasreliez8957: What do you recommend with the new Digital currency modernization act? This limits your cash to $600 and banks are required now to track deposits and withdrawals of cash at $600 or above?
  9. @THECOLOURORANGE-y5c: Thank you.
  10. @THINKforYOURSELFinstead: .
Cash is a stretch because SO many places that do legitimate business, won't take cash because that's exactly how criminals operate. Hotels, motels, rental anything. And then it pegs you: Oh yeah, the guy that bought X for $513.13 in cash. Like a finger print in time. It's how we catch 'em. Being very memorable.
  11. @THINKforYOURSELFinstead: .
If you are seriously being pursued, it is way too easy to be tracked with gps tracker on your car, that you won't find. So, you might be done for. 💀 Think: private investigators, insurance companies, anyone you owe money to, law enforcement, the gvt., crazy divorsees. Yep.
  12. @rob5763: Interesting but I can do without the music.
  13. @BustersLastYear: I want to go away. Forever. To anther country. New name and everything. I dont want my country to find me and i dont want a passport here either
  14. @hibiscus1974: very important topic, please don’t put any music
  15. @tenantjames2967: And you know why
  16. @tenantjames2967: This made me angry
  17. @kirkjohnson6638: You forgot to mention that you have to always be on the lookout for your doppleganger(s) because you'll need knock them off and take over their identity.  Alternatively, you may need a sophisticated 3D printer and silcone mold system to create a mask like on Mission Impossible. 😂😂😂
  18. @usa91787: Ditch your name, ditch your current vehicle, put everything into trusts that you control the asset in, buy an RV or older truck and travel trailer, put it in the trust and just keep moving. 

The only reason you have a burner phone is for emergencies like breakdowns. 

Pay everything online using a VPN. 

Any bank accounts are in the trust name and any money transferred into it like Socialist Security goes into the account set up with the trust. 

You don't care if they think you're dead or not because really in a few years anyone you want to hide from aside from the cops, gov't and criminal cartels will stop looking. 

At that point, you just start living again in a new place with a new identity.
  19. @corby6956: Buy a small faraday bag to put your burner phone from Wal Mart in when you're not using it.
  20. @LisaMiller-pf1bu: Anyway to turn off the music

- How to Use AI To 10x OnlyFans Growth (Full OFM Strategy 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Only Fans is still the most revenue efficient way to make money even now in 2026 as you can see right here. And quite frankly, it literally isn't even close. What I will say, however, is that it also has never been harder to grow and scale creators. The amount of of creators and strategies and ideas and overall saturation and competition across the industry has never been higher and agencies and creators are looking for absolutely any edge they can possibly get. That's why now it's almost absolutely a requirement to use AI as much as you possibly can, especially from a content perspective. And in this video, I'm going to give you my full perspective on the landscape of Only Fans and how AI can be used to give yourself an edge in an extremely challenging landscape of what OFM has become and how you can introduce cuttingedge AI strategies and technology into your Only Fans agency or solo operation for yourself. I'll be honest, I've been caught in 4K here on YouTube less than a year ago denying the notion that AI was going to 100% take over this industry. But here I am today to tell you that I was completely wrong and this is indeed the direction that this industry is going. And if you don't adapt, you're going to be left in the dust and all your time and effort on growing your agency or your brand is going to go to waste. But how do you adapt? In order to answer this question, you have to first ask yourself, what is the biggest challenge or bottleneck in this industry? When it comes to really any business, speed is the absolute number one most important element to success. But what prevents you from being the fastest at posting trending or viral content? It usually comes back to the speed in which you ideulate, create, and post the content, which a lot of times ultimately comes down to the creator's availability to manually produce content herself. You could be working with the absolute most beautiful creator in the world with the absolute best mindset, with the best dedication, the best tools available to her to create the best content, the best chatters, the best VAS, a unicorn setup. But if an opportunity comes up to post viral trending content, and the creator isn't able to make it immediately, we all know that means a thousand other creators are going to beat you to the punch and you're going to miss out on the initial spike of views that viral content produces. The bottom line is no matter how great your team or your creators are, the bottleneck always comes down to how quickly you can create and post 10 out of 10 highquality viral content. That's where AI comes in. If you can remove this variable of the creator's speed to production and almost immediately create trending piece of content with minimal production time while at the same time looking like 100% real content, you can really start to cook and reap the results. Let's break this down, though. If you're genuinely considering using AI content within your operation, which you should be, there are two different types of strategies that are extremely popular right now. Option A, which is using a hybrid setup with a real creator and real reference images and content and then using AI to supplement her success with additional content and strategies around speed to production that I had mentioned before and to also multiply and amplify the output with that creator, which I'll actually talk about a little bit later in this video. And then there's option B, which is using a 100% AI creator only for front-end marketing material and then either funneling to an AI friendly platform like Fan View, for example, where you can also make and sell 100% explicit AI content or funneling to a real Only Fans creators account who perhaps is okay with you selling their content as a result of your 100% AI traffic efforts. Just don't use AI content on Only Fans itself because you will get banned for that. This is a much more challenging and skill-based approach when you're using a 100% AI creator, but the reward is typically much, much higher. For the purpose of simplifying this video, I'm only going to be talking about option A, which is the hybrid setup, which quite frankly, I also think is the more practical option at this moment in time. But if you become really, really good at this, option B of doing this with a 100% AI creator is a very real option as well. At our agency, we still primarily work with real creators in order to add more value to what we do as an agency. We've been working at implementing AI content strategies in tandem with the real content that the creators are already making themselves. But how do you actually make AI content? The most beginnerfriendly method and platform you're likely going to want to use is called Higsfield.ai, which is basically an all-in-one hub for so many different AI platforms to make pictures, videos, and whatever your heart desires. I'm not sponsored by Higsfield in any way, shape, or form, guys. It really is the best noob friendly tool to start getting acquainted with making AI content within Higsfield. The most commonly used tools as of this moment in time are Nano Banana Pro for images and then Cling 3.0 or Cling Motion Control for videos, although there are a ton of additional options as well. Cling 3.0 know is prompt based where you take base images and create videos using your own written input into prompts. And then cling motion control is more copycat focused where you grab a reel like maybe a viral trending reel off of social media and then use a photo of your creator and then bring it to life based on whatever video it is that you submit and tell it to replicate. I'm not going to really get into the depth in the actual process of using each individual tool in this video because it would literally take hours to go through every single possibility, but generally speaking, the more creative you are at using multiple tools in tandem with each other, the better. Like making AI images to base the AI videos off of and then making AI based on other AI. You can get really, really creative and get in some crazy rabbit holes, but it all ends up working pretty well if you do use this creativity and these different systems. And one really really important thing to remember as well is that if you plan on posting content to Instagram is that you should always change the metadata. Otherwise, your content will get labeled as AI on IG. And likely a lot of other platforms are probably going to start doing this as well, which ultimately destroys the whole purpose of doing this in the first place. I added a very easy to use tool to change the metadata linked in the description of this video. So, if you want to check that out and use that before any AI content that you make, go ahead and use it. But guys, it's crazy how fast these tools are improving and getting more viable and more realistic. It's gotten to the point where if you're not using AI to help produce content, you're likely getting left behind in the industry just because it's simply impossible to keep up if you're still trying to 100% use real content only. And the updates that are coming to these tools are making the content look more and more insanely real, too. It's currently the beginning of April right now while I'm making this video, and I'm willing to bet by the time that we get to June of this year, they're going to basically be completely perfect, and you're not going to be able to tell the difference between real and AI content. Now, when it comes to some of the strategies associated with using AI for content curation, there are a couple things you can do. First of all, AI works the absolute best with models who have minimal or no tattoos. It can be done with tattooed girls, but it makes the job a lot harder. You also ideally want to do this with a creator who is still motivated to continue to make their own real content alongside the AI content that you're producing and not just 100% relying on AI content. And the reason why is because you want to include that authenticity factor and personality element that only the creator themselves can bring to their content. For example, personality based skit content, lifestyle content, and so on. Our goal at our agency is to run roughly a 70 to30 ratio of AI content to real content where 70% of the content that gets used on social media is AI content and the other 30% is real content. And keep in mind, guys, a lot of this AI content that gets used on Instagram, for example, ends up as trial reels, so it doesn't flood the account's feed. And while we're on the topic of Instagram, let me actually give you an example of what it looks like running this strategy on Instagram today. For example, let's say you're running Instagram and relying on 100% real content, which is fine, but just remember what a strain that puts on you, the creator you work with, and what an overall bottleneck this can become, especially when it comes to producing new viral trending content very, very quickly. Maybe you're posting one to two reels per day, and maybe every other day you're going to be posting a carousel post and then some lifestyle content mixed in all the time. Now add AI content production into the mix where you can multiply your content output without asking your creator to slave over more and more content every day to keep up. Let's say you make four reels per day using AI. If you pair that up with the two reels per day that your creator is already making, then you're already 3xing the production. And honestly, if perhaps all the AI reels you make aren't perfect, just post them as trial reels. You're going to still get views one way or the other. And if you don't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the models page with any AI content that is somewhat questionable, but still want to use the content, trial reels are an amazing way to get that content used without posting suspect content to her main grid since trial reels won't be shown to the creator's followers. It's a win-win. Another strategy is Tik Tok. You can replicate current viral trends with AI and take advantage of that speed to production element that I keep referring to and then pay for Tik Tok promote a couple hundred worth and your odds of producing a viral Tik Tok go through the roof. Same thing with meta ads on Instagram or Facebook. You're basically cheating the system. Copy viral content, pay to boost it because you know it's already viral content and rinse and repeat. And this all these strategies and all these things that I'm talking about are great, but if making AI content just creates another manual system that you personally have to manage and learn yourself, it can become a big nightmare on its own. This is why you need to have a process of outsourcing this work. The entire process A to Z, ideiation, AI content creation, quality checks, scheduling, posting, all of it still needs to be outsourced eventually so that you aren't just sitting there at your computer all day making AI content for yourself. And quite frankly, outsourcing this specific type of work to someone else is probably one of the hardest things to outsource. the level of patience, knowledge, and creativity whoever it is that you're outsourcing this work to needs to have day in and day out to make AI content every single day. Even with these amazing tools at your fingertips, it's not easy, but it is possible. Trust me, talking as a person who is currently building out a system around this for our agency, day by day, it does get better and more realistic. And if you're a solo creator, book a call with us right now by DMing me on Instagram or Telegram, which both links are in the description of this video, and let's talk about working together, especially with this AI element. But that's pretty much it, guys. OFM truly is going from who can physically make the best content to who has the patience and knowledge and systems to make the best, highest quality AI content at a large scale. Business is always changing and we are currently witnessing that change right now within OFM. Appreciate you guys watching. Make sure you like, share, and subscribe. I'm out y'all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kyleexxfit: Patty always on the cutting edge 💯
  2. @emperorareh2297: Gold

- Onlyfans Bans Adult Content & Here’s Why: Kind: captions Language: en nico [Music] so today i'm here to talk about i was gonna talk about something else but you know trending topics only fans um before we start this conversation if you like this kind of content make sure to follow me on patreon.com aesthetics if you like video games make sure you follow me at the twitch.tv slash [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aesthetics i rarely stream but you already know what it is if you like discord uh follow the i do join the girlies on discord you can find in the link tree at the bottom um if you like first traps nico's aesthetics twitter and instagram if you like personality i'm sorry i'm trying to remember this all the top of my dome um nico's aesthetics on twitter.com or whatever you call it nico synthetic no s no ass but yeah all right let's get started so essentially i was gonna come over here and talk about a popular only fans performer coming out and talking about how anyways we're moving on to actual only fans only fans um essentially came out and said no we're moving adult content you know on our platform come october and you know i'm not gonna be like i told you so i told you so because i but i told you so you know that kind of thing it's not like a holier than now it's a i've been telling you guys to read between the lines for months you know i i've been telling you to look at the writing on the wall the constant removal of big name only fans girlies the locking of content the changing of the tip system the constant legal issues of you know child p you know what i mean um the legal issues of people being recorded without their permission the issues of public sects being banned off of the platform like they've actively told you guys with the writing on the wall and the reading in between the lines that they were going to remove only fans adult content just like how tumblr removed adult content and the thing is only fans said we are removing all adult content we are banning it the only ones that will be allowed will be artistic nudity that is not sexually explicit so like you know photograph nudes or whatever but i've been telling you all this i've been telling you all this and they said at this point from the article that i've read they said that they're doing it because you know how you know how most banks have a morality clause which means that they can turn away service uh from people that they believe the money isn't up to their standards such as porn stars uh strippers etc mostly usually mostly anybody in sex work they told the company that we don't want to associate with you because of the clientele that you have that is bringing in your money so at that point the headquarters said we would rather just remove the adult content rather than lose our entire website so from that standpoint i mean even though you know that that may be what they told the press if they're coming from that standpoint i understand trying to salvage your company but at the same time we can't sit here and pretend like only fans was not made a media mainstream outlet by sex workers the same thing happened with tumblr sex workers were popular and bringing in names and then once tumblr got into legal issues because a child pee and because of leaked baited nudes because we're not going to stay here and pretend like people don't leak people's nudes for a buck they got shut down they were getting threatened to be removed from the apple marketplace and at that point they just removed all pornography so i mean if that's their standpoint if banks are literally saying it's either you get rid of them or you lose your banking rights i mean they have to do something or else they're not even going to be able to do the payment processing properly so i feel like that's just an excuse though i genuinely feel like that's just an excuse because just like tumblr once you remove pornography you are now open to a door of investors that feel more comfortable investing in your product because only fans was not originally made for sex workers the only sites that have been made for sex workers have specifically been just for fans and fans only i think that's the one but i know just for fans for sure and even just for fans made a tweet about it once it was announced saying that so many sites take in sex workers and use them for visibility and then spits them out once they are mainstream staple same thing that happened on patreon if we're being honest so they said we are a site made by and ran by sex workers and we put our community uh first you know we put our revenue and establishing yourself with your fans and getting a good working relationship with them at the top of our to-do list but at the same time just for fans has a terrible customer support system i mean i i actually signed up for some because you know i actively support only fans just for fans you know i support porn stars and sex workers because they are legitimate workers that's work so i was signing up for so much just for fans i didn't get the correct login so i tried to log in and it wasn't going through i'd already paid and it was signed up for a monthly subscription so i couldn't even access the content so i'm trying to get in contact with customer support nobody helped i tried their twitter channels you know their twitter dms to get customer support nobody helped so it's just i had to essentially get a new debit card just because i'm not going to be billed monthly for something that i can't even access so that's what i'm going with like just for fans i do appreciate that they're fan that they're a site made by enforcex workers but their site is not as fine-tuned as only fans um it does not have the same customer support as only fans because when you get scammed only fans they can get you your money back so i mean there's ups and downs to just for fans but what they stand in they stand in we are a site for sex workers and that's what we're trying to provide access to as for only fans a lot of girls are going to be out of jobs and that's not a oh go get a job because sex work is real work it's more so especially in the pandemic a lot of people have made that their only source of income especially those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that are like oh i make so much money oh i get all this money oh look at all the money i get off of only fans well i bought a car oh i bought a house now you don't have a you don't have that income anymore and i mean i feel bad for sex workers that were generally making their income you know not the scammers not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that like to floss and be like oh i made this much money and y'all are just jealous and broke i don't care about having the divisions but i care about people that have actually been putting in actual work to get this income in this hard time because our economy is not that great right now especially in another wave of covet with the variant so it's going to be interesting i definitely believe only fans is going to take a fall just like tumblr did because as soon as tumblr removed the porn sure it's still working sure is still active sure it has its users but it's not as popular and i believe that's going to happen to only fans but if it comes down to if the baking statement was true i can't be mad at them if the banking statement is true that it's either we cut off adult content or we lose our entire website so i can't be mad at them for that part but like i said the writing has been on the walls for months now and i think that was just the excuse that they're leading with because they've been actively trying to remove and you know restrict adult content but yeah definitely leave your opinions drop down comments how you feel about the whole situation don't be like oh that's what y'all get and blah blah blah get a real job because sex work is a real job like i'm not going to debate all of that it's a real job so definitely add your input how do you feel about companies taking in sex workers for the media attention and then spitting them out once they hit mainstream status because i mean at this point only fans has literally been in a beyonce song so it's like they've they're established and they don't necessarily need adult content anymore even though that's what their entire brand has been made around even though they didn't originally create their brand to be that it was meant to be like a skillshare kind of thing you know but yeah definitely drop your opinions down below and once again a quick thank you to all my patrons on patreon and a quick shout out to my third eyes here patrons your support means everything to me and helps me do this a lot more smoothly i will also be listing this week's live stream topic in case anybody wants to join in on the fun i will see you guys there

  Top Comments:
  1. @moisdawg [8 likes]: Onlyfans became so mainstream that it almost hurts to see it ripped off like that, even for those of us who never made one. I wonder what this means for people’s online presence, like those link trees everyone has, and how people will reorganize themselves now that the “catchiest” platform is leaving
  2. @DataUnagote [8 likes]: Adults aren't allowed to bring adult money made as an adult and need an adult app someway where people under the age of 21 should not be allowed to surface, 21 and up checkpoint where if your not 21 and up like some bars and clubs you'll be kicked out. Banks are kind of sad because when It comes down to it, sex work is valid work, adults companies or "banks" not accepting adult money to live the survive as an adult making adult content for other adults at said banks it doesn't make sense lol
  3. @raaid22 [4 likes]: I think that onlyfans did it's content creators dirty. Instead of waiting for the credit card companies to give their ultimatum, onlyfans should have been working with it's sex workers a whole ago to come up with policies that would strengthen the legitimatcy of the platform and remove content and creators that uploaded questionable/illegal content. They had time to figure something outna while ago, and when the credit card companies did the same thing to pornhub, onlyfans should have seen that as a hint to clean up house. The content creators have been speaking out about how the platform never respected them, communicated with them, or valued them as assests. I think that onlyfans doesn't want to be known as a sex platform. They probably see this as their chance to become family friendly and make even more money.
  4. @Earthsylewind [3 likes]: If people know how to make a website or find someone on fiver to make them website then it’s not a big deal just tell your fans and supporters that you’re moving to another plate form
  5. @Strylover [3 likes]: Good video.  You make sense.....I am curious though.  If "Only Fans" is finding it hard to deal with the "banks", because of the adult content......how does/will  "Just For Fans" deal with the "banks"?
  6. @dramonmaster222 [3 likes]: It was only a matter of time.
  7. @onyx081 [2 likes]: So basically Onlyfans is about to go out of business.🤣 No one cares about any content on Onlyfans other than porn. I'm expecting OnlyFans to collapse like Tumblr and a new platform will take its place.
  8. @kevaunthesunflower [1 likes]: Pheonix Fellington made his own website, PlayFella. Everyone better follow suit! 😂
  9. @DonnieMajestic [1 likes]: they'll bounce back !! plenty of other sites to do the same thing. It's the site that WILL crumble ! and I don't feel sorry for them.
  10. @MisterCoachDriver [1 likes]: So this why the Gurls back on YouTube. 🤣✌
  11. @navarronewtonmusic [1 likes]: im surprised they didn't move into cryptocurrency payment method the way PH did.  I may have to invest in JFF stocks. The mass SW internet migration.
  12. @dancinboi89: What I find hard to understand is how did we allow 2-3 companies become the gate keepers of payment processing. Like v!s@ and mast£rc@rd can take you out the game so easily, with no other alternatives for accepting card payments. And shame on OF for not working towards making their platform work for the users that made them who they are now, and also works within the banking systems BS. (Like actual porn site do).
  13. @RyanDash91: It’s like if these websites Give people access to do all the unethical things like, child P, human/child s trafficking, allowing users to post content that wasn’t approved by the other party in the video, or stealing peoples content and posted it social media or websites that allow leaked content, then that’s going to give them a reason to shut down or modify what people can post on these websites.
  14. @RyanDash91: OK here’s what I think Nico. So you know how we’re saying the reason why the sites like Onlyfans and Tumblr are getting rid of sexually explicit content bc of child p, ppl posting vids of others without permission etc and the same thing that happened when Pornhub did something similar but they just deleted videos that weren’t verified, I have a feeling that once the new site that’s gonna be the next onlyfans blows up the same people that are doing the unnecessary stuff and then eventually having their website get rid of that type of content, due to litigation, is going to keep happening in my opinion. And when that keeps happening, All these content creators are gonna go to the next biggest platform then someone else is gonna  to ruin it for us. I can just see this going in circles until we’re all out of sight sister view personal x-rated content. What do you think?
  15. @BadWolfCowboy: sex work is one of the oldest occupations.
  16. @BadWolfCowboy: isn't that illegal???? Can't onlyfans sue for discrimination????
  17. @tygrallure6895: Yea if the banking statement is true then I definitely feel like they didn't have a choice. Also I don't have any sympathy on the girlies who was throwing in everyone's face how much better they were because of their only fans revenue. Well be interesting to see how they bounce back from this. Hopefully they were able to save up until they can become gainfully employed, again.
  18. @naries21: onlyfans finna be like tumblr child the gurls came for the X work and stars and they finna leave because of it, it most defintely want me the same i think they shot themselves in the foot for this decision
  19. @RockWithTrey: I really feel so bad for the OF girls, but like you and many seasoned sex workers have said when one falls another will rises. 

Rentboy gave way to Rentmen, Tumblr made Twitter boom, and now OF will make another site rise.
  20. @Hobo42pt: The big banks shy away from OnlyFans, but cozy up to organizations such as the Taliban. Fact not fake news.

- Employee Confesses After Blowing $100,000 On OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en sensor repair and protect sensitive areas to like protective. >> Okay, I'm just going to close the door for our privacy so we can sit here and talk. Yeah, actually, can I have you sit over there? Sure. I'm going to sit this chair cuz I have gun belt on. I can't fit very well. >> That's fine. So, I just got Thanks for coming down um to speak to me. Like I said, I have case [clears throat] that came up. Your name came up. I want to clear some things up, just talk to you about it. I know we've always been real cool and you know, we got along really good. >> Yeah. >> Door is closed. Like I said, once again, it's for our privacy. You're free to leave at any time. Just thought we'd sit here and talk about what I got here. Okay. >> Okay. >> Um do you have any idea why I called you down here today? >> Zero clue. >> No clue. Okay. So, um what happened with you and you no longer work there? I was caught fudging my hours a little bit, you know, adding another half hour here and there and they let me go. >> How long ago was that? >> Uh they fired me at the beginning of May. May. Okay. Sorry to hear that. I mean, we always got along really good and you helped us out when we had stuff going on down there. >> Sorry to hear that you're no longer working there. >> Yeah. Well, my was my fault. It >> was your fault. Okay. What do you mean by that? >> I I they I was like I said, I was, you know, padding my hours a little bit. >> Just adding a little bit of time on or >> Yeah. just here and there like every every other every couple days, you know, just doing my >> Okay. And what were you down there again? I mean, were you like >> I was the >> assistant manager or something or or front desk manager? How do you >> They never really gave me a title after all the pe all the upper people got fired or like left and everything. They just kind of >> like it was almost like an assistant store manager, but it was more like Cuz the customer service manager would have been like a broad term then. >> But I I think the correct term would have been like the front end manager. So, anything else that happened at the store while you were there as far as you know? >> Not that I know of. >> Not know of. Your employment there was pretty decent, you're saying? >> Just unfortunately the way things worked out, they worked out that way, huh? Well, sorry to hear that. Um, well, I got a complaint there from Darren. Do you know Darren by chance? >> He's the owner. >> Owner. Okay. You had a lot of conversations with him or anything like that or >> um, they always went well >> whenever I talked to him >> other than the >> your termination. I get you. >> Yeah. So, is there any other things that were going on at the store that you know you think Darren would have contacted me about? >> No, >> nothing that you know of. >> Only thing I know is my termination >> and the reasoning behind it. [sighs] >> Well, he brought up some discrepancies to me >> and there was your names attached to them. Okay. >> So, I just want to see if you have any knowledge about these discrepancies that were brought up. >> What kind of discrepancies? Like, >> okay. Who did who did the the weekly reports for the store? >> Well, I was one of the people that did them. >> You did it by yourself or was there somebody else that did those with you? >> Uh, like the I only did the daily reports. >> Daily reports? Yeah. >> Okay. What's some of the things that are like on the daily report then? >> Um all the >> I mean I know it's kind of hard for you to remember cuz you're not working. >> It would have been like all the sales and um like the cash that went in the debit cards and what department sold. >> All that stuff. That's pretty much >> So cash in and cash out kind of thing or >> kind of. Yeah. >> Okay. So throughout the day you were kind of in charge of that when you were working up in the front or was >> that was like more of a morning thing. >> Morning thing. Okay. >> So you took care of that every morning? >> Like the weekly if it's like the weekly report. I didn't have anything to do with any of that. >> So how did it go from the the daily report to the weekly report then? I mean >> I mean it's uh it's a like spreadsheet that has a whole week on it. So maybe that's >> okay. So that was entered into like a computer or written out. >> It was entered in computers. So what are some of the other things for like you got your money going coming in from the bank? I take it. Right. >> Uh it's coming in like going to the bank. >> Oh to the bank. Okay. >> You you didn't have like money coming back from the bank like for change or anything like that? >> I Yeah, we would have change coming back. >> Okay. like we would bring uh the safe that we had, they had $4,000 in there and um every day we'd count it out to every [snorts] morning and night. They count it out to hopefully be exactly 4,000. If it's a dollar here and there, it usually comes back. Um but we take um say [clears throat] you need like five probably like $300 in quarters. You take $300, bring it over to the bank. They count the money and then give us the $300 a quarters, bring it back. >> So, other than the money going out to like registers and stuff going to the bank, were there any other like >> deposits or anything like that that would come out of there? >> The deposits would be the stuff that would be done during the morning with like the weekly report or the daily >> Okay. And then those get stored into the safe and brought over to the bank every day. What about uh I was told there's an ATM at the store that you guys took care of. >> What can you tell me about that? >> Uh we take money out of the deposits and put it into ATMs. >> And who usually did that or what time of the day you guys do that? Uh it was uh every a couple days we'd put it in and fill it up, put some more money in >> Who was was who was in charge of doing the money into the machine? >> Mostly it was mostly me. >> Mostly you. So I guess the reason I'm asking about it cuz Darren brought up, you know, a bunch of money that was missing from the weekly report compared to what the reports from the ATM had. So, do you know anything about that money being missing? >> No. >> I whenever I put it in there, I would put it in there. And you do that usually in the morning? >> Oh, some after I would get some cashiers and people would be around to man the registers while I did other jobs. >> Okay. So you have no idea where money would go missing in that >> going from the daily report to putting into the ATM? >> Okay. So I got uh this is an email I got from them that's about your termination. We don't need to look at that. But from Mr. Here's a statement. It said from December 2023 until May of 2024, we have approximately $100,680 in cash that was went through the ATM local amounts on the daily bookkeeping form. The cash that was reported as going into the ATM was not the amount that was loaded into the ATM per the ATM report. Whenever I put money in there, it was it went right in there. >> Okay. There's no chance that any of that money could have gone missing. >> Not. No. >> Okay. And you're the one that was loading the money in the machine >> most of the time. Yeah. There I think the only time that other people were doing it is um when I was gone, which was very minimal, and I it was maybe once or twice. So, you no clue where that money is? >> Give me one second. I got to grab some other paperwork. I'll be right back. Just relax. I'll be right back. >> Work is a pain in the apps. My files are in this app. My chat's in this app. Projects in that app. >> Oh, wow. >> You're really working your apps off, Daniel. You need ClickUp. ClickUp is the AI powered work platform that unifies your entire team and all your tools together [music] in one place. No, no, not like that. No. It's a single place for your projects and docs, whiteboards and dashboards, calendars and chat, so your work goes from scattered to seamless. [music] [clears throat] Plus, you get a fleet of AI agents to help you move at warp speed to get more done. This is the future of work. With ClickUp, it's like having your own assistant. >> ClickUp. What should I focus on today? >> Okay. Schedule time to work on these tasks. >> I want [music] an assistant. We've been over this, Greg. >> Before ClickUp, your work apps couldn't talk to each other. With ClickUp, a project can go from a whiteboard to a dock to a task to your team's chat. That's because all your work tools speak the same language, unlike you and the night cleaner. >> Thanks. I've been working out. >> ClickUp turns your projects on autopilot with AI agents that assign and prioritize your team's [music] tasks. So, the work is visible and everyone knows what to do, even Randy. ClickUp is like your work bestie who always has your back. >> The intern is taking all of that on. >> Good for her. Click up. What did I just agree to in that meeting? [music] And how do I do that? Okay, send it to my team for review. >> ClickUp streamlines work from fastmoving teams to multi-billion dollar companies. See how the future works. Get ClickUp for free today. I mean, look at Keith. He's using it. He loves it, right? I don't He can't hear me. It's all right. Sorry about that. I should have grabbed this when I first came. Tripled that chair. So, do you know what days you were like not at the store or gone? I was like >> pretty much every day. >> Pretty much every day. So, go through the process of how you guys put the money into the machine. >> Um, so, um, I would normally check to see how much was in the machine before like as I walked in for the morning. >> How do you do that? I mean, how do you do that? >> There was just like, you know, entering the code and um, you can check the like see how many bills are left in there. >> How I mean, how do how do you do that? I mean, do you have to punch it into the front of the machine or you open it up first? >> There's a pin pad that you, you know, type in however it went. You type in the pin number. You would enter it in. Then on the screen, it'll pop up with like the operator functions or whatever it was called. And you press all your stuff, get to the right screens. >> Mhm. And then after I would see, you know, hey, it needs it's getting low, I would go with my deposit. You would have to take the money out of the deposit to put into the machine. And then that money would get entered into our spreadsheets. And then um later on in the day whenever I had time to I would enter it in you'd have to do the same process but not go as uh before you would go as far as entering the cash that you'd be putting in. So, you'd uh get to that point, go further, open up the bottom uh cache cartridge, whatever it would be called. >> Um, and put it in um make sure it runs smoothly. And >> how do you make sure it runs smoothly? I mean, >> it runs its whole process. So you wouldn't want to walk away while it's running its like I I wouldn't >> Is it like like a testing thing you're saying? >> Yeah, it has like it has like a test it would do after you put the money in like it runs it make sure that the nothing jammed it wouldn't be jammed up in it >> and then you [snorts] it'd be done. So after you got done with all that, do you like get like a print out or anything or or >> Yeah, we there would be a little print out that print out after it. >> Okay. But there's Was there any other way to tell when the machine was like low on money or or >> I mean the only time it would say is if it was out of money. It'd say um not in service or something like that. >> Okay. Wouldn't like send you Does it send like an email or something or No, >> you'd still have to do what? Uh you would have you would just have to check it if it didn't say like on the screen say that it was out of money. >> Okay. The only way really to check it or do anything was with that with the pin van >> have to go into the functions. Okay. I just didn't know if you had to like open it up and go inside first or >> No, you you normally you wouldn't go inside unless you have the cash on you. Okay. Well, like I said, I'm trying to get to the bottom of this because we got a lot of stuff going on here, >> right? >> And and it's, you know, it's a a large amount of money, >> And like I said, you've always been a really good guy with us. He's been real honest. And I'm just trying to get down to the the truth of it all and figure out what happened here because like I said, we're getting kind of like some really really weird information. And you're saying you're the only one that was putting money into the machine. Yeah, I know. For a while it was needing to be filled pretty constantly because of the holidays. >> Like uh between you said December. >> Mhm. >> Like between December and February, [clears throat] we were having to fill it almost every other day just because people were coming in taking money. Well, going from the first day of it says the amount was short was $1,500. We got your name on it. It says how many bills are put into the machine. So, number of $20 bills deposited. 25. Only $500 went in there. So, it's saying there $1,500 that's missing. Okay. And then basically this is a print out of the the weekly sales report I got and everything and it shows that you put on there that you filled out the weekly sales report and you had it on there that this was much money was going on for the ATM and on this bottom line here. Okay. >> So it's saying that it was $1,000 and $1,000 on these two days, the 7th and the ETH, right? For a total amount of 2,000. There's only 500 actually deposited. So, we're missing $1,500 >> That's >> That's on that short that first shortage which was deposit was made on that day. >> [music] >> airport. So guys, >> Uncle, how are you? Yeah. Awesome. [cheering] foreign. Yes. Yes. Yes. BYEBYE. Get So then next one kind of like the same thing. Okay. 9th 10th and 11th. Okay. He had a total amount here of $2,500. Actual deposit made in the machine $500. $2,000 missing. I no idea. That's No. Whenever I put money in, it went in there. I don't know why. It would be discrepancies. Well, I have 32 of these. Okay. And they range from all kinds of different amounts. This one's $2,000, $2500, $4,000, $5,000, $7,000, $5,480. That's $6,000, $3,000. and you know so on and so on for this whole stack of paper here, >> Okay. And the weekly sales report has your name on and it has you going in the machine. We also have it that we know that those are the days that you were at the store working cuz we already checked that record as well. >> Okay. And like I said, I know you to be a real honest guy and tell the truth and I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this and get the truth out. >> Yeah. Obviously. Yeah. I don't blame you. No, I no idea. >> I wish I knew that. That's too much money for me to be, you know. [clears throat] Well, like I said, I it really looks bad for me. I I can see that. But I honest to God have no idea. Well, where do you think the money went then? >> I don't know because if it's not entered in the I I would have entered it in the machine. >> Well, entering in the machine is one thing and but they actually checked inside of the machine as well and they got that report. >> The ending result is showing that we're missing that money. Okay. Now, the weekly sales report and the ATM report were two different reports, and they didn't do an audit on that until just recently, and that's why the owner came forward. Okay. [clears throat] So, we know this money's missing. >> Right. Like I said, I just like you to be honest with me and tell me what what's going on here. >> I'm I'm being honest with you and I have >> So, you have no clue where this money could have gone? Zero clue. >> Okay. Well, you were working at the store. You were handling the store's money. So, we're >> Right. Like I said, >> we're looking into that. >> It It really looks bad for me. And I wish I could give you a better answer than I have no idea where that money would have went. >> No clue at all. Zero. Any chance I can get you give me a written statement? >> Yeah, I can. about what you know about this? >> I I can Do you know anything else about this from the store as far as No, the only the only times that I didn't uh like put in the report, I would tell someone else to, hey, we need some money in the machine. I forgot to do it today. Could you do it tomorrow? I won't be here. That's the only other time that >> So, even though I got your name on this and got your >> Yeah. Everything saying that you're entering that money, but the money numbers are off by quite a bit. >> Mhm. [sighs] I'm just I No, I I understand that you're just trying to get to the bottom of it and >> Well, it's it's quite a bit of money. >> Yeah. No, I >> It's a large amount. I I wish I knew what happened to it cuz that's stupid amount. >> I picking my brain. I can't think what or who. Well, from the evidence I have in front of me right now, I mean, that's >> it's all leading to me. Yeah. >> Yeah. And and and cooperation would probably be better for your benefit to tell me more of what's going on here because that goes a long ways, if you know what I mean. >> Yeah. No, I I understand that. If you have any information on where this money where it may have gone, now's the time cuz I mean I mean if I had it, I would have come I would have told you already. That's obviously what it looks like. I'm taking money. That's what it does look like. Yeah, cuz we're missing >> a large amount. >> Very large amount. >> Very large amount. [clears throat] And like I said, everything's pointing towards you because you are the one that signed on the weekly reports. >> You're the one that has logged into the ATM to put those deposits in. >> Okay. The AT keeps track of how [snorts] many $20 bills are put in. That's what you punch on the machine, you know. >> And like I said, that unnumber of what you punched in and what's currently in the machine and what's been withdrawn. hit the two different they they all the number that you're the number that you've put in, right? You put like on this one 25, right? That correlates with what the machine got put in there and with what was withdrawn from the machine. Okay, >> that correlates together. >> They know that they had this many withdrawals and you put this many, you know, $20 bills >> so much more than what the withdrawals are. >> Yeah. If the money was there, there would be a lot more $20 bills in there right now, >> right? Yeah. >> And there's not. >> And they they just don't disappear. >> I mean, that's like a that thing's like a safe at the bottom. You know that? >> Yeah. Has a whole, you know, double key system to it. >> Yeah. It's locked up pretty tight. And you were handling the money, >> So, No idea where the money went. >> No idea how it disappeared. >> cuz I mean it's kind of one heck of a magic trick right now as far as what I see over $100,000 over $100,000 be gone, >> In roughly about a six-month time frame. >> Yeah. No, no idea. >> But it was once in a while. No other ideas of how that may have gotten taken out. >> No, cuz once like like if I leave the store, I'm gone for the day. >> I have no idea. >> Well, let me get you a piece of paper for right now. Your written statement for this case. If you have this, stay right here. I'll be right back. Okay. back to the channel. Love, it's your [music] go-to crypto buddy here. Today, I've got something really exciting to share. Trading View, yes, the most trusted charting platform for crypto and stocks, is now giving [music] away a full 1-year premium subscription, totally free for their 15th anniversary. No credit card, no [music] payment, no strings attached. All you need to do is click the link below this video and it'll take you straight to Trading View's official download page. Just install the [music] app. It works only on desktop Windows later on all devices. Super simple. I installed mine in under two minutes. Once you open the app and log into your account or create a new one if you're new, the premium features will automatically be activated. [music] You don't need to enter any payment info or use a promo code. That means you instantly get access to multiple charts, realtime data, volume [music] profile indicators, and so much more. It's seriously powerful if you're into trading or just starting out. I actually tried it yesterday [music] and tested it again on a second account today and it worked perfectly both [music] times. No charge, no expiration trick, just pure value. If you've been using free [music] trading view, this is a huge upgrade, especially if you're tracking BTC, ETH, Forex, or even PSI charts. Now, honestly, even if you're not a prot [music] trader, having this premium access can help you make better decisions and see the market more clearly. That alone can be worth a lot. I've seen platforms charge monthly just for alerts, [music] and Trading View is giving you the whole year. So, don't miss out. Just click the link in the description, install the app, log in, and that's [music] it. Enjoy one full year of Trading View Premium, 100% free. [music] If it worked for you, too, drop a comment below. Don't forget to like, subscribe, and share this with your cryptofam. [music] Let's make smart moves together. See you on the charts. It's school challenges. Is Rose School. >> So, few more things. Who else had access to this machine at the store? Um, the only other person when I was doing it would be Jen, but she only did it on the days that I told her to. >> Days you told her to. >> Yeah. Like if I wasn't going to be there for, you know, I wouldn't work Wednesday, Thursday, and we needed money in there. Like say I saw that it didn't it I left the store and it said it was out of money on Tuesday. on like Wednesday, I would have her um I would have her do it. I don't know if she started doing or I didn't have her start doing it until probably more March time frame. >> Okay, >> that's a that's you should >> Who was doing it back like December area when I first had that first discrepancy? >> It was probably me. um before I knew you or I was the only one that I know of that was doing it. Um cuz that was after Rick had been let go and Candy or Ra quit and then Candy got let go. So Joe didn't do anything like that. When did those people get let go? >> Uh Rick would have been I think she quit last summer. >> Okay. And then Candy was let go October, November time frame. >> Do you guys all use like the same code for the machine? >> I don't I think only Ra knew how to do that. >> Only Rick did. >> And Candy, she didn't want to learn how to do that. >> The person who was doing it before me was Diana, but she was always in the back room. >> And she was always gone uh by like 1:00 every day. Okay. And when was Diana gone >> Uh well, she she's still at the store. >> Oh. >> Um she she got moved to the back room when Candy became the store director, but I don't remember when that was. >> Anything you can give me that would help me out and this would be great. >> It always looks better for you if there's something more that you can give me. Once I got fired, my brain kind of just shut them out. So, I don't really >> Well, I'm not >> looking at them. I'm trying to help you here, >> right? No, I that whole, >> like I said, any information that you can give me will help me out for this case. Help you out in this case. I have nothing. That's pretty much it. I just have nothing for it. >> Can I get you to fill out a written statement of that? I'll have you go ahead and fill that out for me. If I have any more questions, I'll be back. Okay. >> Hey, Lucas. I'm Officer Ruff. Hi. >> You've probably seen me. All right. So, I have some questions. All right. So, um, so on these reports, how who else has access to this bag that you're talking about? >> Uh, it would have been several several people cuz it was just sitting in our safe. >> Okay. So, it just sits in the safe. The safe is not secure or secure. Uh, >> how do you get in the safe? >> Every night it gets locked and every morning gets unlocked. Um, we used to keep it like half I would say half cocked to being unlocked. Um, but >> so it's free open >> kind of. Yeah. And anybody who has access behind the counter would just be able to with how the new store ran their things. They wanted everybody just to be able to get their own change for >> Free movement. >> Who verified what was in the safe then? Like if someone's like say you're free flowing this cashier needs money, they go get whatever say that they're grabbing the right money. How is that verified? Like do they track it? >> Uh the only tracking would be every morning it would the safe would be counted and every night it would be counted. >> To make sure even to it it's >> Did they count? >> I was going to say did they count the money in the ATM bank in the same >> that I don't know >> if they did or not. They they shouldn't. >> They shouldn't. >> They shouldn't be. >> Why not? cuz they wouldn't they're not supposed to I wouldn't say they're not supposed to have access to that, but they wouldn't >> Well, you said it was this like in a bank bag that has a zipper on. No lock. Right. >> So, what would prevent somebody from going in there? >> Just grabbing a thing of you said you put the bills with like a paper clip or >> paper clipper or something. >> There wouldn't be anything stopping anyone. Was there any checks or balances as far as like like I said what I said earlier, you have like you're saying this day, this day, this day, you put $1,000 each day for ATM, right? >> Was there any checks and balances before you went to the ATM to make sure that you still had that $3,000 in there? >> I would. >> Or did you just go and count the money before you put it in the ATM? >> I would just count it before the ATM. >> Did you ever see So, say you do that. So then is there like a a book that shows, okay, so someone took this money, put it in the bag, and it's waiting to be deposited into the ATM when the next thing goes in. >> That would only be like on that spreadsheet. >> Okay. And who has access to that spreadsheet? >> Me or whoever did the daily report? >> Uh Jen. And then uh the only other person that would have access to that spreadsheet would have been Joseph. But >> so once you enter your numbers, can they be deleted or changed? >> Uh yes, they could be. >> And was there anyone else working that you can remember from December to May that is no longer there? >> A lot of people >> that would have had access to the safe where you would have put money. >> A lot of people. I don't know who particular, but I just know that there was a lot of what is that word? Um like in out people would start and get fired or quit. >> Was there ever a time cuz you said you put in $500 to $1,000, right? um that you would put in more >> uh if it was like extremely low. Well, if it was like at a zero balance and I knew that a [clears throat] big like New Year's Eve or something where people are going to be wanting to take a lot of money out, >> it would probably only be up to like $15 to $2,000. >> Okay. What's the most you ever remember putting in? >> 2,000. Um, how much does that ATM normally hold? >> Uh, I never wanted to put in more than [clears throat] like 25 at a time. >> Okay. And that was done daily, weekly. What was the >> uh it was like every like the most I put in there was like every other day. Sometimes it was >> Okay. And how do you keep track of that? Like so you take the money. I'm trying to like picture this, but you're taking it out to deposit it. You put it. So you counted it. You've got $1,000. >> Right. So then you go to the ATM. So like how does that is it the ATM? Does the ATM give you something that you put in? Does it make a print out of what has been entered? Uh, so we would enter into the the main or our daily spreadsheet, excuse me. Um, and then we would I I would enter into the daily spreadsheet the $1,000 after I did my daily deposit, make sure that that equals out the cash I have equals out to our cash that we received the last day. Um, and if I needed to take the money out of the ATM or for the ATM, I would take out that money, set it aside, finish up my deposit, put the uh the money that would go into the ATM into a different bag and keep those two separate. Um, and then, uh, by the time that I have another [snorts] cashier, more help up front, I would go over to the ATM to enter it or put it in. >> Yeah. Um, so the ATM I would then if I have time to put it into the ATM that's when I would do it. >> Okay. But how does how is it tracked on the ATM? That's what you put in. >> Uh, we would have to enter in like say 25 bills or 50 bills. >> Okay. So, for instance, okay, so this one, so like deposit you're claiming is you're going to put $1,000 in there, correct? >> And then this actual deposit, where does this number come from? >> Actual deposit >> that was made into the ATM. How do they get that number? Uh, would it be >> That's what I'm saying. Does the ATM give you a receipt? >> Yeah, it prints out one after the money gets put in there. >> Okay. And what do you do with that receipt? >> Uh, normally I would just throw it into a drawer for it to just >> They never really told us to do anything with those, so I just kind of threw them into a drawer. Do you ever remember that being off? >> Every time that I put it in, it would match whatever I just put in. It's hard to believe that you guys were making, you know, these daily 1,000 into that bag and then when you came into when it came time for you to put the deposit in, it's only 500 bucks going in, >> right? It makes no sense. Is there a way when you log it that you could put the wrong amount in the wrong spot when you put numbers in? >> Uh, that was pretty separated between the other numbers from what I remember like are you talking about on the >> Terrible. Hold on. Let me go get the weekly spreadsheet. I'll show you. I remember that one. >> Like when you Yeah. Like say you're going to put $1,000 into that ATM. Like is it possible that you put in the number that you were >> like in the wrong line? >> Correct. Like we're talking about a spreadsheet. You're entering all these >> figures. From what I remember, it was the spreadsheet was pretty um like the ATM spot was pretty separated from other things. >> There you go. Open that up. >> So, you can see ATM is like >> Yeah, the ATM's up here. And the only other thing that would be put in is the cash paid outs. So you have ATM here. >> What else numbers do you enter on this? >> We I if I were be doing we enter everything in this. >> You enter every number on this. >> Yes. >> Holy. >> So how do you get all these numbers? >> There's a date. Uh so the only number that we would get uh well like our we have a I don't know when they switched over systems. I think it was back in September. So that would have been uh it was it's called it retail. >> Um and they have like a daily there's a whole slew of reports that we print out daily. Okay. and uh like we'd have to go down the list like this, this this this and type it in every single number. >> Okay. So that's on a different thing than the print out. Do they keep those print outs that are given from that report that you're talking >> Uh yes. So, they keep that, but they still have you enter it into like >> Yeah, cuz they want to have all the Cuz we don't uh we didn't send out the paperwork every day >> uh for them cuz it wouldn't get to Colorado until like say if we sent it out on Monday, they wouldn't get until >> So, when you go into your report every day, you would Okay, so say you worked Sunday, you'd go to Sunday, this number, and then you'd figure out all these and through this, how did you decide ATM money. >> Uh, so like this it says $900 up there, I think. >> Um, we would if I saw if I saw that the ATM needed money that day, like it was at zero balance and it absolutely needed it and we only had $900, I would have taken $500 for that. >> Because I couldn't take a,000 obviously cuz it would have to come out of our >> and it always had to be 500 or a,000. That's what I That's what I >> numbers. >> I never did an odd number. >> Like, >> okay. >> 6,400 or $640, something weird like that. So, >> this is a deposit record, right? >> You guys were pretty consistent always for what you punched in the machine at either 25 or 50. >> Okay. So, that was either a,000 or 500. That one time it was an odd thing where you had 520. I don't know how that got to be an odd number, but it was. That's what the only one that was different. Everything else your 2550 2550 lots of 25s and the 126. Okay. >> So that looks like everything's pretty much normal. Okay. But then when you go to this one for the shortage amount, this is how they figured out, you know, that's going off of what your daily amount that you had put in there and what had gone into >> minus what actually went in the machine. >> Mhm. these. That's why we got that 1,5. It also shows your hours on here that you were working on all those days. So, that's how everything got figured out so far. And like I said, everything's pointing with you towards your name, >> And that's why we're still trying to figure out how this all happened, Cuz it was pretty consistent, like I said, other than that one you gave it 26. was either 25 or 50 bills. >> How often was this ATM used? >> Uh, sometimes it was used all day, some or are you talking about like by customers? >> Um, I sometimes all day, sometimes not at all during a day. >> I mean, for 6 months here, when it really comes down to it, we went from 350 bills that the machine had >> at the start, right? Mhm. >> And at the end there was,251 bills that had you know it went up you do math that great >> just under 1,900 >> 900 and one for that 120 that you know or that day we had 26 in there it kind of threw it off. So yeah, 901 bills is what you actually put in the machine, but yet if you do the math with this number for the 100,000 >> that's a big difference in money. >> And you said you didn't you only deposited like once a week. >> Uh maybe sometimes more. >> Well, some of these days you can see we have like two on there. Some days we have five days. It shows he took the money but there was taken to put in that bag but [clears throat] only deposited one. >> Only deposited that smaller one. Yeah. >> Do you have any more room to write on your written statement there? I think I got everything that I wanted to that I told you guys. >> What do you think should happen to whoever took the money? I don't even know what the process for that would be. >> It's like a 100,000 lot. >> It's not a We're not talking about a little chunk of change, but what do you think would be a fair thing to ever took that? >> [sighs] >> I honestly don't know what consequences or what would you like to see happen to that person that took this much money >> at least found minimum but for what that should happen to them. I have no idea. >> I mean they're making it look like you did it. So >> right >> they don't look good on you. >> No I I like I don't know. >> They make you mad. >> Very. You think they should go to prison >> for $100,000 at least jail? Yeah, not right. >> stop taking meeting notes and let ClickUp AI Noteaker do it for you. It allows you to focus on your meetings, not your notes. It captures everything from action items to key decisions. And >> do you ever have any big bills or loans or anything that you had to pay? >> Uh the only loans I'd have or the only loans I'd have to pay were like when um Joseph would go to he would go to Oaklair to pick up like uh we had cuz our me our deli department became more education >> you personally. >> Yeah. we'd have to he would take money from our safe to go uh purchase food over in Oaklair um to bring back to the store to be used and then we would have to cash out through our register. >> But you like you was an individual. Did you ever have like loans that you had to pay? Did you ever get scammed? >> No, not ever. When I worked, the only real scam I had was when they uh an employee steal some lottery tickets. >> But I'm talking you personally, not at home. Not not work. >> Do you have school loans? >> Okay. So, do you have like home loan? Do you have family that has debts, gambling? >> Medical bills? No. Like any big bills that you can't pay right now? >> No. I had a I had a loan out. Yeah. But I with my savings that I had from working at the store, I cuz I knew I wouldn't have a job probably for a little while. I went and paid that off right away. >> How much was that one for? >> Uh it was just over $4,000. >> Okay. Not not bad. Okay. Do you have big car payments or anything? >> Nope. Uh my grandmother. She gifted me my car. >> Who do you live with right now? >> I live with my brother and my grandmother. >> Yep. >> Not You don't have rent or >> No, I my me and my brother, we started a business back in February and because I the like the main person who between the both of us who does it, he doesn't really make me pay rent. >> Okay. What's your business? >> Uh we sell trading cards online. ever deal with scammers in that? [sighs] we don't know if we did or not. Um, there was a gentleman who bought a $700 card from us and he didn't like the quality of it, so we sent it back. You >> sent the card back? >> Yeah, we refunded him and sent the card >> Okay. Okay. How much did he make off of that? >> Off of that, I think we would have made like Well, we did technically make it, but he didn't get the card for a couple weeks. Um, uh, I think we made like off of a $700 card, [gasps] just under 600. >> Okay. How'd you get all your cards? >> Uh, we buy them from uh like eBay and stuff. >> Okay. [snorts] How long you been doing >> Since February. >> Well, we've been buying like go to a card shop, buy some cards here, buy some cards there. how much you spend when you do that. Normally, [sighs] >> um the cases of cards vary. Like we try to get at least one case of cards in a week and that's usually like $800. But um I use my PayPal credit to and then we just kind of cycle whatever we sell to pay back. >> What do you think you're making on that right now? uh >> like weekly, monthly, whatever you can whatever you can figure in your head. >> Well, the last time I looked at how much we made, it was like like 15,000 we made so far since February. >> Since February? >> How much money do you think you put into it? >> It started off with just a $3,500 investment. >> From my credit card. Do you have a lot of credit card bills? Credit card debt? >> Nope. >> Since we started this business, I paid it off. Interesting. >> Would you be willing to like show us your finances by chance with your consent? I mean, just to kind of like show us what you have for moneywise. Uh, >> yes and no. Why is that? >> Just personal reasons. >> Who do you bank through? >> I bank through Chime. >> What? >> It's a bank out in >> They do the prepaid credit card or debit card things, don't they? >> Right. Yeah. You can get paid like 2 3 days in advance. So, you don't have like an actual bank like you don't go to like Lady Smith Federal or >> I have a bank at I have an account at Lady Smith Federal, but that's just a savings account. >> I've never heard of China. >> It's It's an online banking app. >> Yeah. It's kind of like a debit card kind of thing from what I know of it. >> Never heard of it. >> So So why don't you want to What What would be in your finances that you don't want us to see? just charges and stuff. >> Well, I'm going to be honest. I could probably draft a warrant and see it anyways. >> We're just asking. >> Just prove me we're wrong. >> Clear your name of it and we'll move on to hopefully someone else to figure out who took a thou $100,000. >> I mean, you have like online stuff that you're embarrassed about >> I mean, we've seen it all. I mean, >> yeah, >> it's not like nothing sex crimes most of the time. So, I'm not worried about >> I mean, if you're if you're not paying for like we're not going to be too worried, >> Okay. I mean, if you're if you're ordering other stuff like Only Fans or whatever, do we're not going to judge. We're just We'd rather do it where you're cooperative and give us the consent to your legal stuff or your financial >> and we don't need a copy. Just show me the record. Show me on your phone. Scroll through. Okay. But that's up to you. >> We can do it either way. All >> in your court on that one, >> Okay. Anything else? >> I don't. >> Okay. Can you go ahead and go ahead and sign the bottom of that and make sure the rest of that's filled out >> for like the um like bank statement. >> Because I do have like it comes out of my chime for my credit cards and stuff. Mhm. [clears throat] That that like that's pretty much all you'd want to see. >> Yeah. We don't really need to see exactly where everything is going. We just want to see what your flow of money kind of like. Okay. >> Like I said, we could easily draft up a warrant. We can pull pretty much everything you have for financial credentials because right now with all this stuff that we have right here with your name on it. Like I said, we like honesty. We like honesty. It goes a long ways. If you have any information whatsoever of what happened to this money, I suggest letting us know before we do other legal actions. Okay. >> Right. Um I did it. >> You did it. Yeah. >> I'm sorry, >> Lucas. It's fine. Okay. We're not here to judge you. We're here to get the honest truth. When you say you did it, what do you mean? How did you took it? Can I ask why? [sighs] Same reason why I was stealing time. Well, help me understand. [snorts] Just promised a raise and I never got it. Oh, started taking money. I promise multiple raises. >> That's pretty much it. >> How did you take the money? >> Took it kind of just out of the bag. saw you guys thinking. >> Did you even know how much you actually took? >> No, I did not. I already known that. I would take it that much. >> [snorts] >> Did you use that money to start your little business or cross my heart? No, did I? No. >> I paid off my PayPal and [clears throat] with my paychecks and then we started the business and that's the whole business is its own thing. >> Okay. But how did where did the money go that you took? >> Um, buying stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] online. Like what? >> Like only fan stuff and like books, games, just random stuff. >> What's What would be the charges? >> Well, with that amount, I think you have a pretty good idea. >> What would be like a felony or jail time? >> Well, I don't know what comes out of court. Okay. Like I've said in the past and [snorts] I said earlier, the truth is much better for you when it comes to the court system. Okay. >> Sorry for flying. >> Is there any of that money right [snorts] now that you still have at home? >> I think I have like $1,000, but Is there anything in that statement that's true right now? The second sentence would be every time that I put money into the ATM, I double counted it and made sure that what I had there was what was getting entered in. >> Are you willing to write out a different statement for me? >> Okay. You go ahead and do that. I'll be right back. But do you just want me to write the uh every time that I or do you want me to write down that I >> I don't want you I don't want you to be influenced by what I'm going to say. I want you to write down what happened. >> Right. No, I So >> how many papers did you give him? Do you want to write apology to the business or Darren? >> Yes, please. Go ahead. I'll leave you to be for a little bit. Are you okay? I need a water or something. Sens repair and protect sensitive areas to like protective layer form is a three times stronger repairation. Sensodine [music] repair and protect. >> When did you last hear your car's engine? Zigg delivers unmatched engine protection, performance, and fuel savings. This is what a ZIK engine sounds like. Listen to your engine. It speaks volumes. Z high-tech lubricants limited. How you doing? >> I think I got it. >> You haven't signed it already? >> Okay. Is that the letter you want to write or is that something else you're doing? >> Well, this was just me whatever I needed to write down. Do you want me to write on this one on one of these pages for the apology? And >> how do you want to do it? I can probably make sure you can get a pad of paper and something up stairs if you want to do it upstairs later on. >> I could just write the apology on here. You want it on the same sheet or a separate one? >> Let me uh You want to write it on just a regular piece of line of paper so it doesn't have it on the Lady Smith notes or Lady Smith written statement paper? >> However, I it's either or. Okay, give me a second. Might just have you write that on there to write to Darren. Yeah. Sorry. Making the pen. That all done? >> Okay. I can make sure that gets to there. Okay. >> Awesome. >> So, two questions for you. >> I just want you to answer. I'll read it out to you. Did you take the missing 100,68 days? $680 from the market. >> So, I don't know where that other 20 came from. Like that extra 20. That makes no sense. But yeah. >> Okay. Did you have consent to take that money from the store? Okay, that's all I really wanted is when we have that clarified, >> right? And like I don't that I think so I think that that 20 cuz that wouldn't have been entered in. >> It's weird that you had 50s and 25s and the one was a 26. >> I I think cuz the the system screwed up when it was doing like a reset and they had actually called me to make sure it was, you know, running properly. Mhm. >> They had to send some tech out to come fix it or maybe I don't remember if it got fixed that day by them. >> Um but I think that's why it was such a weird number that day. >> Is because it was um they there was some discrepancy with like their terminal and our terminal. It wasn't connecting. So I had to take the money out, put the money in, take the money out, put it in, and then do so much with it. >> Yeah. I guess we're not overly concerned about the $20 price compared to >> that, but >> the the larger amount is what we're really, >> you know, I appreciate you being honest, Lucas, and like I said, this isn't going to change. You know, like I said, we've always got along. I I think you're still an outstanding person. Sometimes people make mistakes. >> Okay. It's I I'm happy that we're coming to a conclusion for this so we can close this out. Okay. Do does it feel a little bit better to kind of get it off your chest? >> Yes and no. >> I guess I understand that. >> Well, I guess we all have to face consequences for our actions. Correct. >> Come sooner or later. >> Yeah. Well, [snorts] like I said, doesn't change the way I feel about you, man. I still think you're a good person. >> Thank you. >> But unfortunately, I have to do my job just like you. You know that. >> Mhm. Okay. So, um, you want to stand up here? You ready? Okay. >> We're We're going to have to take you to the jail. Like I said, it is a felony. >> Since you're being cooperative, >> look how you did the front. All right. >> It's like a grand. >> Are they all right? Are they too tight? >> No. We're just going a little ways if they >> That one's a little loose still, but this one. Yep. >> They'll be off in no time. Okay. >> Like I said, I appreciate the cooperation. I'll make sure that Darren gets this letter. >> When did you get a When did you become a cop? >> Uh, we're going on month 11 here. Here. >> We We just We give the job to anybody. >> I can see that. >> All right. Since you're coming with me, I have to search you. Do you have any thing else on you? >> I have my wallet and my phone. >> Is it in another pocket? Uh they're both in each pocket.

- A.P.E. Network: Onlyfans Using Watermark Feature: Kind: captions Language: en if you haven't yet turned on and set your watermark feature and only fans it's a good idea to do that for your account although all of your content is DMCA protected and you do maintain all ownership rights to your content it just helps to have that little watermark down there in the corner in order to get to the watermark feature go to your drop down menu get down to your settings and it's settings select security the bottom security you're gonna see watermarks turn it on for photos turn it on for videos you should have something over here that's your user ID you can go ahead and highlight that and type in whatever you want it today don't forget to hit Save Changes only fans action buttons are all blue if you don't hit Save Changes it'll revert back when you leave the page now what does this look like if you leave it generically this is what it'll show up in the bottom of video or the bottom of the picture as soon as you name and put your specific name in this is what you're going to see

  Top Comments:
  1. @tillyknight5294 [2 likes]: Amazing photo at the end 🤠
  2. @mikefuller363: how do you freaking turn it off?"  i uncheck the box but it keeps appearing in posts
  3. @Shasha2322: Thanks!

- How to watermark your video in 1 minute: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to Watermark your video in one minute start by heading over to clipchamp.com where you can create a free account and then once you're logged in you're taken straight to the home page now you'll head over here and hit create a video and then you'll be taken inside the editor where you can get creating firstly upload your media by heading over here to the plus button clicking on browse files or uploading through one of our Integrations selecting the media and then hitting open it will then load into your media library like this and you'll simply drag and drop it straight into your timeline next you're going to add in some text that will turn into The Watermark by jumping over to the text tab selecting the plain text option and dragging it into your timeline it will be highlighted in green so that you know that it's selected then just head over to the right and expand the sidebar and then here are all of the editing options for your text click on this edit text button and then jump into the stage to type out anything you want your text to say this is going to be your watermarked text then you can choose whatever font you'd like including your own brand font if you do have one you can change the font size with this slide like this you can change the alignment or style and you can also change the color to whatever you want but because this is a watermark we're going to keep it set to White you'll probably want the watermark across your entire video so just click on the text and drag the end across until it meets the end of your video like this now we can use the freehand tool to move it around and position it on the screen where we want the watermark to show for example I'll keep it here in the bottom right lastly to create the watermark effect click on the text and then jump back into the sidebar then head into the colors option you'll see next to the color code there is this percentage figure and this is just the opacity percentage of the text so by changing that to around 20 and hitting enter you can see the transparency of the text has minimized and a watermark effect has been created you can have a play around and move the watermark anywhere you want on the screen make it a little bit bigger or you can adjust the figure to be a bit more visible if that's what you're after and it is as simple as that lastly to export head over here and click on export so like to video quality and then once your export is complete it'll automatically save to your device all ready for you to post that's how to add a watermark to your video in one minute

  Top Comments:
  1. @nr01vid [4 likes]: Hi, it would be nice to be able to define the duration of the watermark on the timeline because if the video is long it takes a long time to drag the watermark timeline all along the video, best regards
  2. @Kasey_McPhetridge [1 likes]: Very easy to understand. Thank you!
  3. @Math-Drive [1 likes]: When I drop the logo or watermark on top of the video bar, it is very tiny (maybe for 1sec) so there is no way I can extend it for the entire video, any idea how to resolve this glitch? I thought this is due to free version, but even premium version shows the same glitch.
  4. @Myevolutionreimagined [1 likes]: Is this shot using the premium version? I noticed some features in this video are different to whats in the free version
  5. @trenishadaniels8235: It doesn't work, every time I click create a video nothing happens
  6. @Magno.el.grande: 👏👏
  7. @waseemhamayun: Thankyou
  8. @StitchandStyle001: Bullshit. Doesn't work
  9. @iSniper_Queen: doesnt work cant drag it and its different now
  10. @Mrppppppp: ❤❤❤
  11. @EricYu1: i have a Issue with bthe text bar it is not like the one in the video it is just a stick it ios impossible to drag
  12. @shinobi339: thanks
  13. @YOUTUBEZORO_0: Thanks so much ❤
  14. @Smartphonekanalen: I have a video almost 3 hours long, this will take time... Im, a paying customer and I have about 14 complains about Clipchamp.
  15. @fetidcreeper: Yes, but why is my watermark text fading out within 2 seconds? There's no setting for this anywhere.
  16. @Tacker69: Can we have a moving watermark on video?
  17. @manikantajupudi4129: Thank you so much for this video
  18. @dandanu2526: I want to add my watermark not a watemark...
  19. @ChiefSheef86: This definitely works 100%
  20. @AereoDrones: The whole process takes over 10 minutes if you want to do it correctly, at least 10 minutes,  and that's given you are fast.  Title is misleading.

- Watermarking 101: Why Every Creator Needs a Watermark: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. So, I'm going to steal some of your content. Yeah, I'm taking one of your photos right now and I'm cropping off the corner and I'm re-uploading it. Question. Uh, does anybody still know it's yours? Or are they thinking, "Hey, it's a Tuesday. I get a free picture of a pretty girl on the internet." Yeah. Uh, that thought kind of makes my stomach drop a little bit, too. Um, and that's what we're going to be talking on today. I don't know if y'all remember my golden rules that I set for myself when I began content creation. Okay, today we're going to go pretty in-depth on one of those golden rules. And that golden rule is, say it with me please, watermark your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [music] Watermark it. I don't care. Oh, it's just a sensor. Nope. Don't care. Oh, it's just a selfie. Ah, don't care. Watermark your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right. So, today we are going to break down what a watermark actually is. Why you must must must must must must must use one on every single piece of content you post. And how to make it the right way. and how to place it also on your content so it's not this glaring annoying thing but it's also glaringly annoying to remove y'all. Let's start real simple with the French toast as a watermark. It is just your digital signature. That's it. It can be text. It can be a graphic logo. It can be both. It's up to you. It sits on top of all of your photos, all of your videos, all of your content, and says, "Hi, I made this. This is mine." That's it. That's really all it is. But that little itty bitty tiny watermark does a snark ton of heavy lifting for you and your business. So, here's why you need it day one. Okay, day one. Don't be like me and have your content used to scam someone else because you didn't do this day one. Okay, first thing you need to know, content theft, real, real, and rampant, you guys. People screen record, they download, they scrape, and then they repost and they profit off of your content. You know, when your mark is on top of that content, you make it a bit harder for anyone to claim that your work is theirs. Second big important thing about watermarks, brand protection and recognition. You guys, stuff gets scraped. It's going to I'm sorry. Your your content is going to get shared off of your platform where you never planned it to be. I can't stop that. You can't stop that. If you put content out there, that will happen. Okay? But if someone sees your image with no watermark, again, pretty girl free on the internet. However, if they see, let's say, your handle for your watermark, they have a direct path to kind of walk on back to you, y'all. Third is a legal backup. If you ever are in this situation where you have to file a DMCA, a visible watermark is taking it away from your word verse theirs. Now you have proof of ownership. A literal signature baked into that content itself. And finally, y'all, it looks professional. Yeah. A clean, consistent watermark quietly says, "Hey, I did this. I'm proud of this and I want to protect it." It builds recognition over time and it helps your brand look pretty damn polished. So, what goes in a good watermark? Okay, we got to keep keep that funnel tight. Okay, we're going to keep it focused. The only one single thing you absolutely must include is your brand name or handle. That is it. Nothing else matters. The rest is just cherry on top. That is the point. That is what people need to know who have found it. They need to know who made it and that will get them back to you. That is a quick search. Y'all don't get me wrong. Don't paste an entire URL on there. It's not cute. It's tacky. And most places will not allow it. And even if they do allow it, it's not effective. Your handle alone, that will do the job. So, if just a text handle is all you want, boop, stop right there. You're done. You nailed it, girl. If you want to personalize it, get a little bit more creative and flu with it, right? You can definitely add a small logo or a simple graphic element that fits your brand. The key word there, big keyword, simple. Simple. My own personal watermark for my content creation is literally just my name. That's it. My handle. And sometimes I'll use one that has a little rope element behind the text, but that's it. My name is in rope. The graphic fits. It boosts contrast. I'm a chabari. I specialize in chabari, so it fits. But that is all you need. Clean, on brand, readable, and recognizable. So, let's talk design best practices so your watermark looks damn good on every photo and every video. First, we already said that keyword. Keep it simple, simple, simple, simple. If your stage name is super long, super complicated. Try and tighten it down, right? Uh, avoid those long complicated names and avoid super intensely detailed ornate logos or even busy busy art with teeny tiny details, okay? They will not fit nicely or they will not scale down. So, stick to your stage name or handle and a simplistic logo. If you use a logo, pick the minimal version. Be very cautious though, y'all, again, of the rules of where you're posting. So, for example, Reddit, let's just look at subreddits individually. Like, a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of them will only allow you to use your exact Reddit username as your watermark. This is another reason why it's such a good idea from day one to make sure all of your accounts and all of your platforms are named the same damn thing, your brand. Second, it's got to be legible, but not this big. This big. It's got to be legible at tiny, tiny, tiny sizes. Most watermarks end up tiny and often even semi-transparent. So, those fancy swoopy script cursive, you can't. They are going to vanish once you place them on an image or even worse a moving video. Test it. really test it out. Plop it on your image. Zoom out far far far. And then ask yourself, can I still read this? And I'm not talking on your computer screen. No. Look at on your phone screen, tiny tiny screen, right? Throw it on a really busy background and ask again, can I still see this? If you can't read it under those conditions, it's got to change. It has to be applicable to all images and videos. Third tip I can give, use really high contrast. Your watermark is pretty much garbage if it's going to disappear into the image itself, right? We don't want to be obtrusive, but we need to be there present. So, the two easiest options around that that work across almost everything are white text with a black shadow or flip it and reverse it, black text with a white glow or outline. If you're placing text on top of the logo or a small like graphic shape, make absolutely sure that text is still so clearly visible. If not happens, try adding a semi-transparent like background box right behind the text. You really need it like semi semi-transparent. Think around like 40 to 60% opacity. that little itty bitty box of color or light or whatever that can be the difference between gone into the background or actually legible. Fourth, simple yet hard to remove, right? Those are the goals. Simple, hard to remove. Okay, this is about how you build it and place it. Think multiple contrasting tones in the watermark itself make it, to be honest, more of a pain in the ass to get rid of cleanly. That rope element behind my text was partially added for that reason. It just makes it a little bit harder for a jerk to go in and just erase that out and post my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Right. Okay. So, there's the long and short on watermarks. But how do you actually make one? I get this question a lot. I hear this question a lot. Let's make the actual file. The platform you design your watermark on really doesn't freaking matter. It just matters how you export it. For myself personally, I'm a Canva girl. Always have been, always will be. Um, so for that, you would start on a square one by one canvas. That's going to help you just make sure your design is centered and prevent like really weird empty margins that can get in the way when placing it. Then you're going to get it exactly how you want it. Then three non-negotiables when you export. You ready? Highest available quality every time. PNG format and transparent background. That is so important. If you don't get the transparent background, it's not a watermark. It's a sticker. It won't work. If you are using Canva, here is kind of the quick workflow to get through it. Open that square design one by one. Like I said, build your text or your graphic or whatever you want. Get it exactly in the center. Keep it inside the edge margin so that nothing's getting cut off. Let's say you are using photos or you are using graphics. Remove the backgrounds of those photos or graphics first. So that will make sure you don't have these giant blocks of color from the graphic itself. kind of just destroying your transparency. And when you export, this is the big deal. This is the juicy bits. PNG and check that box that says transparent background. Save that nonsense. And then go ham. Like go ham. Test it on as many photos as you want, as many videos as you can. Try dark, try light, try busy, try boring. If you can read it across all of those different environments, you nailed it. Okay, so let's say you've made your watermark. Now, how do you actually use it without losing it from the time sync of watermarking every single mother trucking piece of content? I got you three tools. We're going to go into them. Ready? Bulk Photos, specifically Watermarkly. It's an app. Might be a website. I know it's an app, though. It is my go-to when I am not working in Lightroom. So, if you're handling a lot of images and you need speed, Watermarkly, y'all, she's fast, she's reliable, and she's cheap as all hell. You just upload a bunch of your photos, drop your mark one time, and then just go through and position it how you want it on each one, set the opacity, and export. You're good. Now, okay, if you're already in Lightroom, y'all know I'm a Lightroom girl. If y'all are Lightroom folks, too, you don't need another platform or app or site. Lightroom has watermarking built in. It's pretty tucked away, but it is there and it works. So, when you go to export, you're going to scroll the export options, export as, and you're going to go into set watermark, and then you can set it up and even upload your own photo. So, for your videos, I hear this one a lot. Cap cut, you guys. So easy. Use the overlay feature. Drop your PNG on top. Size it, place it, splice it if you want, export, and you're done. You're done. If you're already editing in Cap Cut, whether it's a deep crazy edit or just a cut here and there, this adds no extra time once you get your template set. You can even save it into your brand kit. Okay, let's get into placement because this is where people either just nail that or they make it just so easy to just quick erase. There is a balance. Unobtrusive is the goal, but hard to remove is the requirement. Okay, that's tricky. Here's what we need to look at doing. So, we're going to get that watermark and we're going to put it in a spot that's difficult to crop out without ruining the image. So, think like mid frame. That's going to be a shitload better than in the bottom right hand corner because do you know how easy that is to cut off? Just a you're done. It's gone. If you are near a focal point, right, weave that mark just enough into the subject that cropping would just destroy the composition. You also want the mark to sit across different colors, different textures, different light sources, etc. all at the same time. So, for example, looking at my wall, if I put it here, so easy to remove. But let's say I put it here with all these different textures or here, that's going to take a lot more work. AI removal tools struggle when the mark spans multiple tones and edges. That's a win for us. We love that for us, right? Okay. And then the big watermarking question I get all the time. Do do I put the watermark on me? You can. You can absolutely consider letting a portion of the mark touch your body. Do not get me wrong, right? You don't want to look like you have a tattoo that's your watermark, right? You don't want it fully over any part of your body, but a tasteful overlap on like a leg here, there, an arm, foot, you know, it gets harder and harder to remove if it is just touching the skin. But here's what not to do, right? Bottom right corner, bottom left corner, top. I don't care. I don't care. Corners are the first thing a thief is going to just chop off and call it a day. Also, don't place it over that big blank wall where it's literally just, y'all, it's just boop and it's gone. It's gone. A few practical tips as you get started with watermarking. Save a couple of versions with different opacities or figure out in your program how to adjust the opacity there. Save a small and medium size if you need it so that you can match the scale of different outputs without overstretching the original first image. If you have the capacity in your editor, be it video, photo, whatever, to build templates, y'all, you're in a good spot. Build a template per platform. So, for example, your portrait Tik Tok template has the watermark placed for a vertical video. Your square Instagram template has it placed for a square, yada yada yada. You know, that way you're not eyeballing it every time. And even if you have to move to adjust it a little bit, it's still pretty much in that area. So, before we get towards closing out, let's talk our main brain because our main brains like to sabotage us. And I know a lot of people hear watermarking and they go, "That is an extra step. Thank you, but no thank you. Have a nice day." Yes, watermarking is tedious at first, but here's the truth. It becomes muscle memory. Now, if I send something out that I didn't watermark, I even now have buyers say, "Hey, you didn't watermark that, Ali." And I'll be like, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Rip it down. Fix it." You guys, it's it's muscle memory at this point. Okay, once you kind of set up your files, your templates, your programs, it is a few clicks extra. And that 30 seconds extra protects your business, your brand, and sometimes y'all, your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] safety. It's worth it. So, remember why this matters, okay? Leaks will happen. Not might, will. People will share. Yeah. You cannot control every posos on the internet, right? But you can control whether your name stays very much attached to your work. If that image or clip that gets stolen is now floating across the worldwide web, you're fine. Your handles going with it. If you have to send a takedown, the evidence is right there, literally printed on the content. If a fan sees a repost of yours or you know stolen content and they can be like I see that watermark girl I'm going to that account right that gives them a way to find you. This is kind of the whole final point of it. If you are tempted to add a your links any link but worse like a full list of links or your domain or don't. Just try and resist it. just try. Uh that is not what a watermark is for. Your watermark is more of a little like street sign, not a direct road map, right? So keep it clean, keep it consistent. Over time, that consistency is going to build recognition. People are going to start to clock your watermark and they're going to know it's you before they even kind of read it. They're just going to be like, I know that. If you collaborate, something to keep in mind, make sure any content where you and your collaborator both appear, both those watermarks are present on the content that protects both of you, if you have both watermarks on there, but they should both be there because both of you should be found if that content is stolen. [snorts] If you are, okay, so I hear this a lot. I get this, right? If you are worried about ruining the look, remember unobtrusive does not mean invisible. You can keep it tasteful. You can make it effective still while being tasteful. You don't have to take up the whole image to be seen. Size it so it feels integrated, not overlaid. Tuck it near lines in the frame of the body. Keep that contrast. let it live inside the photo instead of sitting like a sticker in the bottom right corner. You know what I mean? All right, this has gotten so long. I've been rambling. I'm aware of that. It's kind of where we're at. So, I'm going to leave you with this. Watermarking is not about being a paranoid Mr. Paranoia, right? It is about claiming ownership of your art and your work. It's not the big shield that's going to stop the sword of every bad actor and scammer. No, but it keeps your name attached to your art. It makes takedowns easier. It helps buyers and fans find you when content travels without your consent. And it shows you take your craft and your art and your business seriously. It protects your future revenue, which is mildly the whole point of building a business around your quantum. So, do not do not let it's too much work be the reason it is easy for people to steal from you or impersonate you. Protect your work. Protect your brand. Watermark your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all. All of it. If you don't think it needs a Yes, it does. Yes, it does. If you guys think you want me to do like a full tutorial, like video step-by-step tutorial through building um a watermark in Canva and then how to use it on these platforms I mentioned. Hoot and holler at me in the comments. I will hear you. We can do that for sure. But okay, do not wait 6 months until you have the perfect design. Nope. Nope. Nope. The first day, your first photo, your first video, whatever goes out, your first watermark should go with it. Protect your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from day one. All right, y'all. I hope you are so darn safe. So dang sane. Ducky is now wagging her tail. All right, I need to go pet that baby. I hope you are flourishing. Thanks, y'all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kathy-n7x [1 likes]: I’m a children’s illustrator. So I can lay my signature across every illustration I make, and make the signature a little faded to make it not too distracting?

- 🍀Model Release Forms & Watermark Policy🍀 | Adult Entertainer's Guide to Success: Kind: captions Language: en After I get back, I'll finish talking about it. You see, there are a lot of other discomforts. America about this is America and the [ __ ] out to be Taught Me about How the weather today is your Smart response and it against the words and when you work events of tomorrow the initial What have you want to love and to take New Year anniversary party and the way in between you of the youth notepal Yi test test test again love you have to take a bath of have to wait then mollis time it is the smallest as other linked Sites and Then my first is estimated mentioned Universal Shield away with me feel it a manner is incorrect word they find something which way is the way that I want to thank you and access and her Friends email and Love You Do you have succeeded you matcha fastened to have new date on the typical and troubleshoot ashita kara press the wild's what You're free you know before you have stood at that time which It is animal we should ask me ru palatinose word art is the first is what is your family Again Today all time singles Let me come and go for real Too is im have to be free Tomorrow for tomorrow you tease Spiderman are typically Me are you can of God my feet my body and You Can't Take picture on the one that the topic ornamental test-signing at Mission to use of ecology and has a very good that has Model list friend leave me with professional and access your comments And you that It's not Garena free good to see page contains Yes you turn the have pomology Friends have defined in tf2 Because I'm afraid of being healthy to go to school but the vote is quick when chords in this is useful eg her parents are you say that he swore I need somebody I need morenstein eat Child gets Eyes of that our team how to get colomin-iq the punishment Model by me not met Arsenal Garena Drivers that house and Em thank you out some thoughts are added by your models were Child were sitting position and disadvantageously out of our Ultimate test screen word of couples in the world of reading passage with our King William auris wantamela started out remark bigo.net better your Sweet spot treatment will Yun Lee samaras in a short time it starts by the Custom are you start massacres at ultrabay Slim people and Butter better still exists and agility up English is tomorrow and you spit out like you have Used either of zestiria page of children of tomorrow You're Gone on the side You are the Sign Of New stages In Use of Pieces Together cast of statements have to work on it happened One That are made Altis 27 about notified with Metal polish your IQ elite models with almond stress interzum installing have felt when it's high time and the west message to make us work you near the tomorrow of Yours is also a men Style testofuel Oriflame by Master Of Study also making sure that i have all the spotless white lie to use one of their parents in feudal Mark of Yours and consult the way you have things with her side of your soul and for the Model exam osprey silvestris Masters Monte airport in the treatment of the Style anh very khao user name one time in ukas watch the friend and awareness and your internet speed for permission for grease Plant rice noodles in the Musical health bonus and inspire on stapled live stay you have permission to use of their thoughts and that it or leave it for the valley of West Lake and intentions Are The Best I love were also in fortnite skins is ok inter viet.wed expertness ideological and the country mental process will want is what nitrate afunta eyes to find a type of person place the Art of yourself we very much write the episode of learning love chat when it hautement Model of Miss You Only have one plane ticket schiphol airport civilian assistance Appstore Cinema restraint one said Only For Android Market Model azusa go and format system and tried the Mission of sport and around You Only have really is our customers in English with personal use the present time in the help Of The Storm and equal rights watch it for you compare with all your spelling once In A Bottle Shoot all will what tamaris One yourself and your response for your dream of copies of the thing Dortmund at you have strange another today you call Thao Thao related investigation a and forming An average is that all the way to make use of red tape and repeat impassible manege autum pianus sportmaster Save The spotless and picture of Round and Round of examples illustration of this message author caramel expires you have prayed for the following her parents have Taught Me see some models went on One S of customers in the course of to use spaces Of Your performances and this problem of work and forests have any because you never know when Hey you Hello How are you in this and tourists when love was the Crystal method for the Fate of money What Love and to their thoughts and stay for the right now because We're going on my past events in time for android quantity of information storage and know how pass latest information to commence Today is an example Is Our forests of the wild mahjong Quest of Sister was born outside so it will be short and they use Power Of One not only due They have accomplished and separated all have you for the one in their asses that All Of Your site How To Lose weight of all kinds of force and strain of for me Doraemon pop Kids English Stories and were once and realistic will expire and Sakura and Find out What do you have to work with our thoughts are mental what purpose Which you doing In Time makes you are apart from that you have different hergestellt eighteen years huffyuv jpeg instruments of Metal rage of What is art eyes and their Love Story part 1 English Together supported but instead Where There is what is one of your name my first press next Again plastic-esthetic wild Pearl One that affects your defenses and the way that love would rather that it is not affected the five motifs in with metadata berryking IR image of apartments In The Voice US tomentosa right Boram it ends of ten ten ten of people Of You and white prince and I want to see you are my love for you must and have you agree with the Lord Of tourists have been See You Again trying to find the girl and Excel arcade you know they tell your forehead and Universe mind industrious I don't know what going right now One Person is Where is my Tears and Write all That Is your school is the work with English World weather of today thistle to want to make I have results in I Ever lose out surishop any help is unable of events with love sweat sweat hours of the Faith in your heart is and how is every single scent possess agustawestland know My Master Quest number of tourists and Heart Attack your love you understand Today children Today of music of hundreds of the Weather Like You can easily take place to see you were my Dalat Milk in all parts is humorous beu model a Storm is not get her first One Person that the lights Went Out One Model Aspire one or any position Where in Plastic It's something like [ __ ] sooner had he bride Hour In an easy French and Spanish version number one and one of two new Space before the fall for the money spent his English it And regional Tomorrow is not supported attributes for response of you sweat I waste of samaras is a nice terrace with nothing for tomorrow tomorrow respond Again If She finds the world's poorest please choose The wildest Weather was Persie mapletree Girls akon remix Happy Street Food research reveals talking to you and starting a Standing on the socialist narendra suggestion is a must have one of these topics hellostyle a serious is love you did not come for you were invented the Musical Fancy You must know before going to work alzheimer your search result for If I'm Sorry my desk Lite for you but I want to tell us that Channel for you and watch me of vertical cosplay Girls against all That glitters is still work outside your way right and scientists from birth day Castle hay comment from work useful apartment When She tried and tested solution for your Final Battle will understand the level candidates have it all Together and supportive licentious listen or vertical and how many words you mean by anti-oxygen Eros et des Where are out of area and tried against them Together the weakest internals my favorites thamg world fortnite fastest die lupe the way Owl City of performances of Soul is against you know that lifting sprinting stefano results for interest rate is Dragon fund for her side effects Samsung del file outline intelisys aquino objective and which Festival of Speed down right of Houses Surprise you have and Venus affected And you are i fell I'll go to contact health deflator help you have spent two Square and Study chat Download guts like you can have tested working here It's nice of you Hurt like to use and mollis ABC commercial play all that matters of you understand the Speed and every single day that allows An integral part of You're apart of apples and still the person you with the hands of weight and decide for yourself buckles on and participate in date and next time was An error in cities San

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertrohr3990 [3 likes]: Your in depth knowledge and the ease with which you present it is amazing. You should be giving seminars with the support of the various adult websites.
  2. @limabravo6065 [1 likes]: I had a vasectomy due in part to the type of content I make, and one of my co-stars came back with an "im pregnant and it's yours". After a round of maury the home game we determined I was not the father she did apologize and we worked her pregnancy into the "story" and those videos did really well
  3. @maxicosta8x: what if the new model is masked?!?
  4. @VegasDaniDee: I have to know how it is that all these home made vids of people hooking up from grndr and in the park or in a car etc with various people and strangers, you are telling me that all those random hookups provided I'd and signed releases? There's thousands if random hookups videos of random hookups so how is that working? It's a serious question!!
  5. @tracywagers1399: Very beautiful I like that outfit on you a lot
  6. @tracywagers1399: Very beautiful I like that outfit on you

- FREE watermark remover for ALL videos! 2024|#watermark #watermarkremover #tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en we all know how annoying watermarks can be on our videos but don't worry in today's video I'm going to teach you just how you can remove watermarks from your videos in such a way that it doesn't affect the Outlook of your videos okay it's super easy let me just quickly create a short video with an app that I'm sure it's going to get downloaded with a watermark so let's use this app it's called the benim app okay so I already created a video with it let me open up the video you can see around the bottom right that's the watermark and it's not professional for our videos so right now I'm going to go over to the video to the application we're going to be using to remove this particular Watermark and it's called video Watermark Remover you can download from your app store or from your Play Store okay so I'm going to tap on this particular app allow it to load now once it's loaded you can see that if you are to subscribe you pay be paying about $39 or $40 but we don't want that okay so just tap on this x that is there tap on the X okay so just close that because we want to use it the free version now if you look up you're going to see where it says remove Watermark okay so you tap on remove water Mark it's going to take you to your stored videos then tap on that particular video that has the waterm mark now you can see the particular video that has the water mark now just pinch on on your screen with two fingers it's going to bring up a box like this then put the V box over the watermark tap on export don't bother tapping on the pro version just tap on maybe HP 720 okay and now once it's don't sa I'm going to play the video and you'll see that the water mark is no more there can you look at the bottom right can you see that the waterm Mark is no more there so it's very easy super easy to use enjoy guys thank you very much for watching and to enjoy my other videos bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndeElizabeth [8 likes]: Thank you very much, it worked for me
  2. @Chinornor [7 likes]: Would make sense working on a white background, but blurry on other background and noticeable
  3. @priscillaagyemangduah4050 [2 likes]: I’m not able to find the app on AppStore
  4. @RosemaryOkala [2 likes]: Water mark is good to avoid copy write
  5. @OgechiAgbo-i7q [1 likes]: Pls what's the name of the app
  6. @Afterthematch-1 [1 likes]: Pls dear how do I download d app I can’t fine this particular app anywhere
  7. @NwachukwuKosiwinner-k2b: What is the benim app for
  8. @NwachukwuKosiwinner-k2b: Can we use it for long 1 hr videos
  9. @Chylove-Digital-Solutions: Thank you ❤
  10. @christinechristine111: It doesn't work
  11. @Softlifewithchi: thank you
  12. @Softlifewithchi: thank you
  13. @The_wisora: It's blurry 😩
  14. @lf3554: Please put name.of app in.caption. It's hard to understand name of app with an accemt
  15. @kelechinjoku794: It blurs it, not effective
  16. @sacredheartofjesuss.b.cinm5731: Thank you so so much I almost pulled my hair out of my hesd thank you so muchI
  17. @AminatAjibola-f7i: But it makes it blur
  18. @conniearalston: Hi, I can't find app for video watermark on mu iphone?
  19. @ChiomaOkoroafor-o5k: It did not work for me. So I used the crop option to remove the part that has the watermark.
  20. @JoyMarry-kr7oj: Is it going to work for tiktok

- The Ultimate Secret Cheating Strategy to Make Money Online with OnlyFans Growth #onlyfans: Kind: captions Language: en How to sell curiosity instead of content. Your chatters are killing your sales. Your chatters aren't underperforming. They're actively destroying your only fans sales and you're paying them to do it. So, if your chats are feeling dry, if subs are opening messages but they're not buying. If PBVS are getting seen but they're getting ignored, it's not actually traffic. It's not pricing. It's not even the content. It's the way your chatters are talking like robots or your fans are in a buying mood. Today I want to break down the exact five mistakes chatters make that kill your LTV of the subscribers and the system that we use to turn the same chatters into closes without the scripts, the discounts or cringe sales lines. I can guarantee you if you fix this, you don't need more subs. Just need to stop bleeding the ones that you already have. Now here's the uncomfortable truth in OFM that no one wants to say out loud. Most agencies don't have a traffic problem. They have a conversion experience problem. You paid for the clip. The sub is already horny. They're already curious. They're already emotionally open. And then your chatter nukes the moment with stupid gifts, prop, not even proper English, bad grammar. It's like handing a puppy a toy, then yanking it away every 5 seconds. Sales and Only Fans don't happen because of pressure. They happen because of the momentum. And that momentum is fragile. The first mistake that I want to talk about is that chatters talk like it's customer service support. And that's not humans. That's not what we want. This right here is why your chats are dying. Your chatter is talking like a receptionist. Your fans don't open Only Fans to feel checked upon upon. They open it to feel chosen. Attraction lives in the nourishment of relationships. The brain ignores generic input. It locks on to detail. When your chatter sends a vague, polite, neutral message. The fan's brain categorizes it as background noise. No emotional spike means no buying behavior. Every message must imply a moment, not a greeting. Hey babe, it's going to do nothing. However, something like, I just caught myself smiling like an idiot thinking about what you said earlier. Now, that's creating the tension. Have you noticed what we just did? We didn't ask a question. We created that tension. Real people reference time, emotion, and randomness. Still laughing about that time. I wasn't even planning to log in, but okay, this is random. But bots are really predictable, and AI is taking its place, but it's still not there. Humans are messy. The second mistake that chatters ignore is buying temperature. And I see it time and time again. If someone makes a mistake like that anywhere, they're going to get crucified. And it happens to the best of the relationships. Your chatter treats every fan the same. The same pacing, the same energy, the same PPV timing. And that is insane. People don't buy logically. They buy when emotional resistant drops. Buying temperature spikes when a fan is already replying fast, sharing personal info, spending small amounts, or asking questions. If a fan just tipped, they're already halfway to tipping again. Never cool down a hot buyer. A fan tips $10 and the chatter says, "Thank you so much. That was dangerous. So now you've got me wanting to show you something I wasn't planning to. That's escalating the emotion, not the price. Once a fan spends, their brain will go, "Well, I've already done it." And that's your window. Every spend must lead to the next opportunity, not closure. Now, if this is already clicking, smash a like and subscribe. I drop breakdowns like this every week on real OFM psychology, not surface level tips, because next I'm going to show you the single most expensive mistake chatters make, and it's the reason your top spenders disappear. The third mistake is that the chatters sell too fast and it's too obvious. This is amateur hour. The fan sees the sale coming from a mile away. Now, I don't know about you, but when a salesperson is getting in my face while I walk into a store, can I help you? What could what you interested in? I want to get my backup. And it's the same principle in this. The brain enjoys the anticipation more than the consumption. The moment the fan knows that they're being sold to, that guard has got to go back up. Your job isn't to sell the content. It's to sell the curiosity. It's the most powerful sales bridge in chat. If you were here right now, I'd probably make you turn your phone off before I showed you this. Now, notice what we've done. There's no price. There's no unlock. There's no CTA. We're letting their imagination do the work. Another killer move is typing then deleting. Something like, "I almost sent you something, but now that creates a loss aversion." Now, I want to talk about the essay transcript right now. Chatters burn spenders with bad pricing. Your best fans don't leave because they stop liking the creator. They leave because they feel milked. Spenders need regulation. Now, you got to treat it as if you're an accountant. It sounds ridiculous. However, you don't want them to get milked completely. You want them to keep on coming back time after time, time and time. And that's part of nurturing that relationship. Too slow, they're going to get bored. Too fast, they're going to get overwhelmed. You don't shove a whole pizza down someone's throat because they took one bite. Content should come in sets, not dumps. You want the text seeds. You want light images. You want to have the emotional message. The PPV drops. Each step is going to warm. It's not going to shock them. Inside jokes are fantastic. They create relationship gravity. Careful. Last time you said that, things escalated. Wing face. Something like that. Now, that's not content. It's a story. I want to go on to the fifth mistake, and this is important. Chatters have no opportunity hierarchy, and most chatters treat $5 tippers and $500 whales the same. Now, that is criminal. Every fan sits somewhere on the opportunity hierarchy. There's a lurker, there's a talker, there's a small spender, there's a repeat buyer, and then you've got the whale. Your job is movement. We've got extraction. Never jump levels. A talker needs emotional investment. Emotional investment leads to a small spend. Small spends lead to repeat behavior. When chatters skip steps, fan feels used. You don't win by maxing in one night. You win by building habits. Now, I've spoken to many crazies about this. It's the same analogy as foreplay. You need to build a foreplay into it. If you're just going to come into bedroom and have your 2, three minutes of fun, it's not the same. If you build that foreplay up, they're always going to want more. And this is the truth. This is exactly where you need to start thinking about it. Build the foreplay for your chatters for your top whales. Here's the truth. Your chatters aren't actually that bad. They probably aren't. They're just unmanaged. Now, sales happen when the fan feels human connection. The timing respects the buying temperature. The sale sneaks up instead of being shoved down their throat. The spenders feel paced instead of feeling pressured. If you fix those five things, I can guarantee you your LTV climbs without more traffic. So, now that you understand what to say, you need to master when to say it. That's where pacing and PPV looping comes in. Stop letting bad chats kill good traffic. Now, we're going to go on to roleplay examples. At this point, you understand the mistakes. Now, we're going to talk about the program behavior because knowing psychology doesn't make you money. Execution does. We're going to go over some real world role-play examples that show the difference between a chatter that kills momentum and a chatter who quietly prints LTV. Role play one. We're going to go over this cold opener versus a human opener. And we're going to talk about the bad chatter, which is what I class as bot energy. Hey babe, how's your day? This message does nothing. It doesn't create any emotion. It doesn't imply history. It doesn't anchor the fan in the moment. A good chatter, which is human energy. Okay, this is random, but I just caught myself thinking about what you said earlier, and it kind of made me smile. Why this works implies continuity. It references time. It creates emotional curiosity, and it gives a fan to respond to, not answer. This is how you wake the brain up. We're going to go on to roleplay, too. This is the buying temperature mismanagement versus momentum stacking. Now, here's a scenario. A fan tips dead dollars. A batter chatter would say, "Thank you so much, baby. I appreciate it." That's when the momentum dies. You've closed the loop already. A good chatter will say that was dangerous. Now I'm kind of wishing I hadn't logged in. Why this works? There's no funky closure. There's no emotion is escalating. Your curiosity replaces gratitude. And keep the door open. Role play free. What you want to talk about is your PPV push and curiosity loop. Selling too fast versus the sneak up sale. A bad chatter would say, "I have a PPV. I think you like want to unlock. The fan sees the sale coming. Resistant goes up. A good chatter will say, "If you were right here right now, I'd probably make you sit closer before I showed you this." Now, why does this work so well? There's no price. There's no CTA. There's no product mentioned. The fan's imagination fills a gap. Curiosity does the selling for you. Now, we're going to go on to roleplay 4. Content TE's gone wrong versus curiosity drip. A mediocre or a standard chatter will say, "I have something to show you. It's lazy. It's predictable. It's low tension. A good chatter. I almost sent you something, but then silence. Why this works? Loss aversion activates. The fan feels that the access was taken away. The reply comes faster and it's more emotional. You didn't chase, you actually would drip and it works so well. Role play five. Bad pacing versus drip sets. PPV looping. A bad chatter will content dump. Drop three images. PPV immediately. It's overwhelming. It's mechanical. It's transactional. A good chatter is going to drip set. Message one. Shouldn't even tease you with this, but message two, light image. Number three, you have no idea how hard it was not to send more. The anticipation is building and building and building. Number four, I didn't plan on making this a thing tonight, but then the PPV. Why this is working is there's emotional ramping and anticipation is going to beat the shock. The fan feels guided, not sold, and that's paced. Now, we're going to move on to roleplay six. Your fan goes silent after PPV's re-engagement. The scenario is a talkative fan but never spends. A bad chatter unlock this special video for me. Too soon it feels extractive. A good chatter kind of dangerous to talk to. I always end up staying longer than I planned. Why this works? Builds emotional investment first. It creates relationship gravity. It sets the stage for future spending. And you don't force the jumps. You guide the progression. Role play seven. Whale management versus whale burnout. A bad chatter will send constant PPVs. No breathing room. The fan disappears. A good chatter will come in. You know what I like about you? You don't rush things. Why this works? It signals safety. It reduces pressure. It reinforces identity. Whales don't want more content. They want to feel chosen differently. Roleplay eight. Fans don't open message and soft recovery. Now a bad chatter will say, "Did you see my last message? It's desperate. It's weak. A good chatter. I'm guessing you got distracted. Probably my fault. Why this works? It removes the pressure. It creates a playful tone. It reopens a loop without tracing. Control feels attractive. Neediness kills sales. Now, here's the final truth. Chatters don't fail because they don't care. They fail because they don't understand momentum, pacing, or human psychology. Every message should do one of three things. Number one, create emotion. Number two, increase curiosity. And number three, preserve momentum. If it doesn't do at least one of the things, it doesn't get sent. And that's how you stop bleeding spenders. This is how you extend your lifetime value. This is how you turn chats into systems, not conversations. Stop letting scripts kill the connection. Stop letting thank you and momentum. Stop letting bad pacing burn good fans and start training chatters to think like humans and nourish relationships, not bots. That's how sales are actually going to happen. Now, this is the piece that most OFM owners never build and why results collapse the moment volume increases. Now, we're going to move on to systemization. Systemizing human chats without killing sales. At this level, the problem is no longer, do my chatters know what to say? The problem becomes, how do I make this repeatable without turning humans back into bots? Because the moment you try and scale, most agencies do one of two things. They either overcript everything and kill emotion or give total freedom and lose consistency. Both destroy your LTV. The solution isn't scripts, it's guardrails. Now, we have a no script rule. Scripts create predictable language. Predictable language kills attraction. Fans don't respond to wording, they respond to energy. So instead of scripts, you train principles. Every message must pass one of three things. Does it create content? Does it create emotion? Does it create curiosity? Does it preserve or escalate momentum? If the answer is no, the message doesn't get sent. That's the rule. Now you got message categories. This is how you scale. Instead of scripting sentences, you defy message types. Every ton message must fall into one category. emotional call back, identity reinforcement, momentum escalation, soft withdrawal. This keeps language human while behavior stays consistent. A chatter doesn't need to remember what to say. They need to know why they're speaking. Now, buying temperature tracking is very important without CRM overkill. You don't need fancy software to track buying temperature. You don't need tags in your head. Every fan is always one of three states. Cold, they're just absorbing. They're in the background. They're slow responding. Warm, they're engaged. They're personal. They're responsive. Hot spending, teasing, fast replies. The rule is simple. Cold fans get conversation. Warm fans, they get attention. And hot fans, they get opportunity. If a chatter pushes opportunity to a cold fan, you're going to burn them. If they stall a hot fan, they lose money. Temperature dictates pacing, not mood, not scripts. Next, we're going to move on to the no gratitude enforcement rule. This one alone fixes chats more than anything else alone. Gratitude closes loops. Sales need open loops. You do not punish chatters for saying thank you. You retrain them. Every thank you must be followed by tension. Wrong is thank you so much, babe. Right would be that was dangerous. Now you've got me wanting to misbehave. Gratitude plus escalation, not just gratitude alone. Then we're going to move on to your drip sets. Every agency should have an approved script speeds, not scripts. For example, one tease message, one light visual, one emotional hook, one offer. If a chatter skip steps, they're corrected. This prevents content dumping, fan overwhelm, fan whale burnout. Structure protects emotion. Now, we have a whale protection protocol. Top spenders should not be treated like ATMs. They need slower pacing, fewer offers, more identity reinforcement. A whale should feel like an exception, not a target. Messages that work best on whales. I don't rush things with you. You feel different from most people I hear. I like how patient you are. You're not selling content. You're selling status within a relationship. Now, chat reviews that always improve sales. Most chat reviews focus on grammar and spelling, and that's useless. Your review chats should be for momentum drops, closed loops, mis temperature spikes. When a chat fails, you don't ask what did they do wrong or what did they say wrong. You ask where did the momentum die and that's how performance improves time and time again. Now we want to move on to the final filter. Before any messages go out, the chatter should ask subconsciously ask if I were the fan would this make me a lean in or lean back? If it makes them lean back, don't send it. Human attraction is simple. Scaling it is discipline. The biggest mindset shift for creators is this. Your job is not to control language. Your job is not to control behavior patterns. Language will always vary. Psychology doesn't. Trainer psychology. Enforcer principles protect the momentum. This is how you scale without killing the sales. This is how you stop chat from becoming customer support. This is how you turn human connection into a repeatable system. That's how real OFM agencies actually grow. And that's how you build an Only Fans agency that doesn't bleed your LTV.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Erocreates: I definitely need more help getting them from following me on Tiktok to subscribing to my Fanvue

- OnlyFans SCAMS you NEED to AVOID: creators do NOT do this!! Real/Fake scams to look out for online!: Kind: captions Language: en just a quick reminder that my website the only creators club launched earlier this week so if you have an only fans account i highly recommend joining there are so many articles resources tips to help your account as well as group forums so you can chat with other members and ask each other questions and get to know one another so the link is in the description box [Music] welcome to today's video as you can tell by the title today we are going to be talking about the scams on only fans is only fans a scam am i a scam who's scamming what's going on because a lot of times when you look into the words only fans you end up seeing or hearing or reading the word scam alongside with it and there's no avoiding the truth that yes there are some things regarding only fans or even on the site themselves that are scams so i'm gonna be really honest with you and we're gonna talk all about it i have a huge note written out on my phone in preparation for this video that i need to pull up right now and before i do i feel like this goes without saying but i have a ton of only fans content on my channel if you are new here there are about 12 13 videos in this series before this one that i highly recommend you check out because i kind of go in order of my journey and if you're very confused at this point this might not make the most sense if you are unfamiliar with my older content i know a lot of you do not like the long intros in these videos and it's really hard to avoid that because if someone is stepping in new right now there's just so much to talk about in terms of only fans a little background i am about to hit my one year mark on only fans but by the time this video goes up i believe my one year experience and how much i made an only fans in a year video will be out so i'll link that above as well as down below if you want to know exactly how much i made in 365 days on the platform my only fans merge if you got it monetize it is always linked down below in that shopping bar and if you are considering signing up for only fans please use my sign up link it's the referral link in my description bar to sign up for only fans under that one last thing if you enjoy only fans content please subscribe we're so close to a hundred thousand i post a ton of only fans content as well as other vlog lifestyle finance related money content as well if you're just looking to be a badass and earn some income highly recommend subscribing to my channel i always shout out the first comment on my social media so be sure to have the bell turned on and be sure to follow me on instagram so you do not miss a new upload speaking of shout outs i feel like a lot of you already know this as well but i do offer promos if you are curious just dm me on instagram or twitter and we can get that promo for your only fan set up it's a promo on my only fans feed to my only fans audience with all that being said i have a whole list of is only fans a scam on my phone we go through different scams to look out for as well as if i am actually a scam because i've gotten a lot of accusations so we're going to address all of that in today's video i'm going to put my phone on this little phone stand that i got off amazon highly recommend i'll link this down below if anyone is curious as well but if i'm looking down a little bit at times it's because i am referring to my notes but as you know i've been doing only fans for about a year now and overall it's been going pretty great it's been such a great blessing i truly cannot complain there were definitely some bumps along the road throughout this last year and only fans including the time that bella thorne almost broke it for all of us in fact she did damage the platform a lot because of her actions and the fact that she definitely scammed her it gave only fans as a platform a really bad rep and it made the rest of us kind of have this hesitancy towards our content because now people may assume that we are doing the same actions that bella thorne did on the site causing a lot of people to get accused of being scams and just kind of shifting the way that things are run beyond that though i do get a lot of dms from girls asking if only fans is a scam because it sounds too good to be true if you actually get the money that you earn some girls have sent me photos in their dms of them being scammed and it's so unfortunate and i feel so bad for those that have fallen for those tricks and i really just want to put this video out there to share with you just like don't do it if you think it's a scam like 90 of the time it's probably a scam unless it's those karen's that accuse me of being a scam some even go as far as to accuse me of secretly like working for only fans and advertising for them under some contract so what's the truth is it a scam am i a am i under contract well here's the thing only fans directly is not a scam like my last video on only fans was living proof you know how much i made in a year that's not a scam i got that money it's in my bank account i filed it on my taxes which i either haven't done yet or will do depending on when this video comes out i am making a full vlog filing taxes for only fans so don't even worry i get tons of questions about taxes and i'm going to do it all with you guys like i said i'm just like anyone else who just kind of on a whim went for it to see what happens and ended up getting very lucky but there are definitely scams out there on only fans about only fans promising you certain things on only fans so here's the catch those instagram and twitter promo bots you know the accounts that promise you like a network of 2.6 million promote your account gain thousands of followers yet they have like three followers and it's like some random photo from google on there they're not real they will not do it they will not post your account anywhere they will take your money and go they will scam you and there's no way of figuring out who they are or whatever it's just gone don't fall for it i get a lot of dms from girls asking if it's real asking if they should do it and even dms from girls hesitant to do my promos because they tell me that they've been scammed on instagram by other accounts if it seems too good to be true and if they are promising you followers which you cannot do if you are promoting someone it's not true you know like it's not real i personally cannot promise you guys followers because they're real people at the end of the day and i can't force them to subscribe to your account but what i can do is promote you these bots out there they're fake as hell they claim they have millions of followers and they can help you make money but you can just look at their account and you can tell it's new you can tell it's fake it's a scam if it looks too good to be true it's not off of that all of those stupid sugar daddy accounts on instagram or those people from like foreign countries being like you can be my princess i'll be your prince i have money send me your bank account info and i'll direct deposit it for you oh my god don't fall for that these are so clearly scams and yet some of them seem so real that they'll really try to play you because it will actually look like a person and it might just seem like he's lonely or there are all these older men that claim that they have so much money they don't know what to do with it they want to give it to you they just want you to text them some are legit you know there are some sites and apps i know a handful of people that do it some are real those messages you get on instagram from these dudes saying please be my sugar baby i want to spoil you not real trust me they may be real people but they are tricking you into giving information or like accepting some weird gift card that you have to register or sign up with or connect your bank account and as soon as they get that info that they need they will wipe out your account they'll spend your money they'll take money out instead of putting money in this one girl sent me screenshots of her bank account after she fell for this and her bank account was negative nine thousand dollars because he went in wrote a check or something under her name and it was just crazy that they can do that i'd say it's legit if you're like yeah do you accept cash app or venmo or paypal and they just cash up or venmo you but if they're like no that's not how it works i need to send you a gift card that you have to register or like send me your other info and i'll do it for you don't the battery just died but don't fall for it they're all fake even if they're real people they are just using your information so they are scammers themselves the account might not be a scam but the people themselves scams now i know i mentioned bella thorne a little bit in the intro and talked about how her actions resulted in a lot of people kind of assuming the worst about only fans and actually leading to a lot of people thinking that other accounts are scams or maybe doing what bellathorne is doing or i know that there's another youtuber i don't really want to get into it because that's a whole other issue who actually had her only fans account removed and i just don't really want to give her another platform on this because i just feel like it was a really big mistake that kind of she got away with i don't know i feel like i'm already bringing it up but the moral of the story is do not lie about the content that you are selling or falsely advertising the private message if that makes sense so this one creator had more of a like sexy photo teasing the bundle and then you open the bundle and it was a completely different topic it was a throwback photo to when she was a kid and it was explicit and just like dove into some deep waters that you don't want to dive into so that itself is a scam as well and her account got deleted for violating the terms and conditions of only fans because of those actions and because bella thorne and this other youtuber have such big platforms a lot of people see their actions see that it's a scam and then associate only fans being a scam with that because it's all that they know whereas there are a lot of little people like me and a lot of people watching who are just trying to make a living off of only fans or pay their bills and having a harder time growing their account because now people are more skeptical people are more hesitant to purchasing items in the dms it just kind of adds more barriers to us who are authentically trying to pave the way there's nothing you can really do about changing somebody's mind when it's already made up but a really good way at helping avoid people from thinking that your account is a scam is by setting up as a free subscription so that it doesn't cost money to join it's free to subscribe and then you charge people you know and like the messages or something and that's how you earn your money i get a lot of questions from people asking what is better to do have a subscription rate and then photos after that or have a free subscription and then charge per photo or charge per message and honestly i don't know which one is better than the other i think they are just two different routes that you can take to success one might work best for somebody whereas something else might work better for the other person it just totally varies on everyone's experiences but if you are having a hard time growing this can definitely help you if you change your account to a free subscription because there's no risk anyone can join this helps especially if you are just starting out or just trying to promote and gain your initial audience and then by doing this you can charge pay-per-view in like the messages or in the posts where they have to pay to unlock certain videos or photos or messages and that's where you would earn your income so this is kind of like a good tip for fishing if you're not getting any biters you might want to change the bait wow okay i kind of just pulled that out of thin air right now i'm impressed it comes with the degree in writing okay i make metaphors now let's continue and now moving on am i a scam oh boy i've gotten my fair share of like rude self-entitled karen's blaming me for not getting fans on their account like in my dm saying that i'm such a scam just like blowing me up saying a bunch of other like rude things to me because they didn't get any fans from my promos or from watching my videos even and then still not being able to grow thinking that i'm a scam however if you can't get fans and this is going to sound very blunt but i'm a gemini that's not my problem like that's not my fault in fact i have a whole video called in all caps why you are not getting fans which i will link above as well as down below and i made that video because i was actually getting so many messages from people being like how come i'm not making fans and there are so many simple mistakes that i saw a lot of new users doing so i just compiled it into one video i would go watch that if you were confused or curious because the truth is if fans were a guarantee that would be a scam that would be like buying followers on instagram it's fake it's not genuine it's not real sometimes you got to put the work in actually you always have to put the work in to get the result and this is a big reason why i offer promos on my platform so if you are curious about a promo or if you want me to shout out your only fans on my only fans account definitely send me a message on instagram or twitter please do not send me one on both because this just backs up my inbox and it makes me have to reply to the same people twice taking away other people's spot like in line for a promo but to the people that think my promos are a scam i'm not a scam i do offer promos i do everything that i say i'm going to do i post it on my only fans account i never delete it it's always there i send you a screenshot after so you can see but you also get a notification on only fans that i tagged you in a post and then you can see my watermark in the screenshot that i sent you so it's my official account and if you still don't believe me you can also subscribe to my only fans page and see it there for yourself so i am true to my word and i deliver the services as requested therefore no part of that's a scam in fact that's the opposite of everything else we've discussed in today's video these promos are not you buying fans it is not you paying for fans i cannot guarantee this so i am not a scam it would be a scam if the followers were guaranteed like how those fake instagram accounts claim to be and then the other half about my whole presence on only fans being a scam is just ridiculous kind of makes me laugh to be honest because i could not pull that off do you think a company could legally do that no that's such a liability issue it's the same reason why influencers have to say right away that they are being sponsored or that it is an ad because if they don't mention that legally like that's illegal like you legally have to comply and say that it's an ad and you're being paid for it if i have just left out that i secretly work for only fans and i'm under contract or i'm being paid to talk about this that would be very illegal of me to do trust me only fans for all i know doesn't even know who i am i'm just another one of their millions of users i'm nobody special i'm literally just like you and if you go back to the genesis of my journey last january it is very clear how i stumbled into this platform and grew and learned from there and i got incredibly lucky that it took off the way that it did but i am not a marketing agent for them nor do i work for them at all if i was working for a company like that i wouldn't have to make my earnings off of only fans promos and youtube itself you know like i'd have a actual salary job doesn't really make sense but if anything this proves anyone can do it i am just like you and it's possible that's basically all i wanted to mention in in terms of scams if anyone is reaching out to you on instagram for a promo it's a scam people reach out to me and i offer promos but i'm not out there being like i have millions of followers buy a promo i can offer you millions of fans like that's not real instagram bots sugar daddies anything in the dms that you would screenshot to send me asking if it's a scam girl it's a scam but what's not a scam are you guys trying to start an only fans account that are struggling to grow so make that account free if you have to just to prove that you are real not a scam and that you are delivering authentic content unlike some influencers that have tainted the world of only fans from the outside view and last but not least i am not a scam i am just as genuine as i hope that you are and my goal in these youtube videos is to just share what i've learned and help anyone with their financial goals and success so i do hope that this helped you don't forget to check out all my other only fans videos listed down below i promise that they will help coming from a top zero percent creator who's been on the site for over a year and has earned over six figures which if you want more details definitely watch my video on how much i made on only fans in a year that will go into that more don't forget my biggest life motto if you got it monetize it if you want any of my merch with that definitely check that out and don't forget to use the code onlyfans for 20 off of your order just to show that you are part of the only fans family last but not least like i've said a couple of times if you are interested in a promo dm me on instagram that's the easiest way to get in line for a promo and subscribe for more content it means so much if you subscribed i mean you're watching the videos anyway you might as well because i'm going to post a lot more only fans content as well as other vlogs on money or my life and just everything and anything subscribe turn on the bell follow me on instagram and i'll see you guys next week bye i was so hurt and upset that i never gave him another chance

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [22 likes]: hii if you're thinking of signing up for OF don't forget to use my link! https://tinyurl.com/q3227u1f ❤️
  2. @nickromero7140 [2 likes]: The truth is that the fans have no idea who is real and who is not. Maybe they are all scammers. Basically, anybody who owns a business is a scammer. There are few humble business owners in the world. The humble ones will charge less for poor people and charge a fair price for rich people.
  3. @chrisr243 [2 likes]: Best way to avoid it, avoid onlyfans. Avoid adult content like that. Live life. Be happy. Keep your money for your children or family, or even yourself
  4. @mrwolf9897 [1 likes]: Literally the whole site is a scam why you think there is no app for it? Or why it isn't approved anywhere or with people your not even chatting with the creator it just some sad fuck getting paid less then dairy queen your literally made to think if you buy a sub you get what u want nope you get pushed to buy more content it literally a scam racket and it sad y'all even fuck with it
  5. @theMifyoo [1 likes]: I feel this video misses an entire side of the scam conversation, that is how to avoid models that are a scam. You wouldn't believe how many times after buying something expensive, such as expensive custom content, I had a model decide to block me and just walk away with the money.
  6. @andre82860 [1 likes]: Gemini are the best ! Me too 🤟
  7. @joshjamon: You give these old demented people hope.  Its totally a scam. It should all be banned.
  8. @mitchellgarrah4028: How can I tell if I’m actually taling to the model and not a chatter
  9. @AdamSchneider-mi2uy: 🗑️🗑️🗑️
  10. @Thefanauditor: U use chatters?
  11. @04groombra: At around 10:30 you mention f(ph)ishing which is in itself a scam lmao
  12. @roymogul: I received a message from a creator that's said I need to hurry up and activate this tracking device or I'm not going to be able to talk to this person anymore. This is someone I have sub two for over a year and I've never had this problem and of support let me know it wasn't real. So how can I someone I sub to and is verified by the way still scam someone??
  13. @JoshuaMoody-l1j: Liz Ramsey lizdidathing the baddest
  14. @briannaabrams4689: i do have question about the only fans i really need your help if you can
  15. @LynetteStinson-i2i: I don't mess with any of this stuff
  16. @RayRay29wu: Here I thought this was going to be about shock value TT/IG creators that sucker in people to sub on OF and then sell content that is not anywhere near what their shock value content is.
  17. @dennisb3786: Should you subscribe to someone through instagram or facebook
  18. @JAHFREE777: What about OF personalities that scam users? Act like your texting the actual model but their paid chatters
  19. @corumeach: I´d like to know if counters in the posts can be manipulated as well. Some creators show the amount of tippers and the amount of $ spent on certain posts, usually when they want to reach a certain total for a reason (like travel cost $5000). Some smaller accounts who may or may not have hundreds to thousands of subscribers show amazing numbes here, like hundreds of likes and reaching $2.200 within 2 days after posting. I just wonder if this stuff can be trusted or somehow be manipulated as well. I mean the amount of money could be easily faked by a secondary secret OF account by the creator and making a huge tip to get it all started I guess?
  20. @rsg-ow8nm: What about wanting a video? You pay and they have yet done the video. This is someone on a reality tv show. I under it was Christmas and they said do the videos on the weekends? But can i expect a video soon? And when we message the user...are we actually talking to the creator?

- OnlyFans & Try hard Scam | Vice City Mafia: Kind: captions Language: en and a check check check with popping it's your boy cross side heill Vice City mafia we running another Olo Doo and today we talking some sh not make sure to hit that like comment subscribe all that good stuff because it helps me out in algorithm and you already know we trying to blow up and act like we don't know nobody so to help me get to that goal make sure to hit that like comment subscribe all that good stuff let's get into it today we going to talk about try hards you know what I'm saying and I ain't talking about the movie you know the type the ones who are always grinding flexing their so-called success posting about it on social media they big Hustlers they really out here in the clubs but they really don't have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or they're really just losers and just some people just trying to be cool but you know you're not cool you wouldn't know what cool is if it slapped you in the face man and it's exhausting to watch these people act like they got their lives together when we really know they're just looking for their next clout fix and this my friends is where we get to the heart of the issue the world is full of fake clones and tryhards who are completely lost no authenticity just a whole bunch of CopyCat behaviors and look the worst offenders in this game are the only fans models let's be real like I see them all on Instagram the Bop house the blonde house you know Jelly Bean these people think they're cool they really think think they're empowered but in reality they're just desperate for attention and cash it's the desperation behind the empowerment these models and I use the term models Loosely think they're empowered by doing this they're posting about how much they love their bodies and how they're changing the game but let's be real here they're desperate they're desperate for attention and validation and yes money if you constantly need validation from strangers you're not empowered you're just you're just desperate and needy I think every time I see these only fans models These Hoes are just crying for attention and cash like do you really think showing your body off online is cool I remember when I was in Middle School and when a bitch's nude got out like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was like the end of her life like she was crying for days do you really think showing your body off online is cool no that's just selling yourself to anyone that's willing to pay your hustle is literally a thirst trap for cash and don't get me wrong you're making money on off your looks fine that's cool but don't sit here and try to convince everyone like it's some empowered woman movement and it's some kind of Revolution it's not it's just desperate and shallow and don't get me wrong these girls got mad money and I ain't knocking their hustle like everyone wants to make money but the second you make your whole Persona based off of how you look without your clothes on to me you've hit rock bottom you're not a businesswoman you're just a hoe and the cool Factor doesn't exist like these models are going online and they really think they're cool like they think they're innovating or empowering others and they act like they're on top of the game but they're really just one bad month away from having to beg for subscribers or even sell their dignity for pennies and if you're relying on nudity to be cool you're just desperate for validation and it's not going to last and these hoes are stupid like they'll sit there and they'll tell you it's about self-love body positivity and empowerment but let's be real when you're posting your body online for money you're not empowering yourself you're selling your whole Worth to the highest bidder dude you're just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the internet you know what I mean like what happened to porn stars you know when you used to recognize them and they sit there and they act like no I don't know what you're talking about like Mia Khalifa talking about she sells jewelry [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we know what you did bro the videos are online bro you can't delete that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and when your whole identity depends on how many likes you get online to me it's just one giant mask to cover your insecurities that comes with needing constant attention now I ain't saying the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't make money I'm just saying it's a desperate need for attention in cash like you're not an independent woman you're not a business woman you're just a hoe that didn't get hired by a legitimate porn company and the Bop house blonde house all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's just a form of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pimping other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I know the game I manage strip clubs here in Miami it's not like I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm talking about but the only fans models aren't the only [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro you got fake flexers too you know the type the ones that post their flashy cars their luxury lives pretending they're rolling in money but here's the thing most of them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are just faking it they're renting the car borrowing the designer bags or they're buying it from China and posing with a fake rented lifestyle just to make it look like they've got it all together it's all about likes and validation and it's sad and desperate and it's all a joke look like these only fans models love to call themselves bosses but what does that even mean what's a boss if you're getting paid to strip down on a camera you're not a business Mongol you're just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that strips for tips online real bosses don't be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] showing their titties to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the world to make some money it's laughable really these people are so desperate to seem cool they go above and beyond to show off to act like they're winning when in reality they're just chasing clout they're acting like they've figured out the secret to life but really they're just reading from the same tired Playbook of self-promotion and Desperation and strip clubbing being a hoe and I don't fully blame the only fans models you know what I'm saying I really blame like the soft men that sit there and pay for nudes like bro why are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] paying for nudes bro it was a thing when I was in high school like I'll just get nudes bro who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like whoever came whatever man because you know it was a man that came up with the idea of selling other women's nudes and then taking a percentage of it you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] genius because there's soft men out there that are willing to pay for it and there's women out there that are willing to make some cash to sell it and sell it like that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ridiculous like I've never sat there and been like yeah I've always wanted to see this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] girl [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn bro I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wonder how her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] arola looks bro $5 a month give it to me like you know what I'm saying it's just so weird like you know all right look and I ain't saying it's not like no one watches porn you know what I mean but it's just that I could go online and watch porn for free so why would I pay $5 a month for this girl to take a picture of her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when I could watch a video you know what I mean and like I mean I don't know dude it's just not it's just not the same dude I don't know maybe there's something I'm missing in this only fans Factor you know and I'm not jealous of them like and you got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing only fans too that's ridiculous dude but I hey man kudos to y'all just don't act like you're cool and you're a business mongle when in reality You're just showing your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dick tits whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to make some money and that's all fine dude cuz I'm all about making cash but you know don't flex it like if you're doing something that no one else could do and with that we out this was Vice City mafia thank you for listening make sure to hit that like comment subscribe all that good stuff and peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @phillinsogood: Many of the models are scammers. They will charge their fans so much for lackluster content. Many don’t show their face, barely upload, & have  short videos. 

They will harass their fans with thirst traps in their messages 24/7 which gets old and annoying really fast. Most don’t wanna talk about anything other than their content and how freaky they are and sometimes will shame you or ghost you for not paying their ridiculous prices. 

This one person was charging $80 for 30 second videos. 😂
  2. @PimpKilla789: Lol

- WHY YOU'RE NOT GETTING FANS ON ONLYFANS: what you're doing WRONG *tips, tricks, & my advice!!*: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is so exciting i've been wanting to make this video for months finally i'm sitting down it's happening thank you so much for clicking on this video i'm sure a lot of you by now know but if you're new i post a ton of only fans content in fact this is my sixth video about only fans definitely make sure that you check out the five other only fans videos that i have posted i'm going to link a playlist that i made down below where i just put all the videos in one place so it's really easy to find i have i tried only fans for a week and this is what happened or how much i made which really just kick-started this whole journey hi marnie and then i have i tried only fans for a month and this is what happened or how much i've made i have my biggest tips and tricks on how to grow on only fans and advice for that and then i also have my biggest mistakes that i made when i first started only fans as well as my most recent video a only fans q a where i answered your most common questions about taxes about referral links about how to promote where to promote and then my own experience what my family thinks about it how my family found out what my boyfriend thought about it and the question that i still get every single day in dms how to make your text public but your posts private so oh that was a lot but all those videos will be linked down below as you can tell by the title though today's video about only fans is going to be why you are not making fans or maybe why you stopped growing why your fans aren't renewing their subscriptions or why you just can't seem to grow i get a ton of girls always asking me like i'm promoting i don't know what's going on but like i can't gain fans it's really challenging and man do i relate especially in the beginning before i started posting videos about only fans it was super tricky for me to grow my platform however i learned a lot i interact with girls and only fans every single day because of shout outs that i do which i'll get into in a couple minutes but by doing this i see a lot of profiles i see a lot of people that are doing well and a lot of girls that may be struggling and i see a lot of things that are very easy fixes that you may be doing wrong or could just better improve your content so i wrote it all out in one of my journals it's a list of about 10 things so i'm really excited to get into that because there is a lot to go over and these are just tips that like i have been wanting to tell people for so long so i hope that you enjoy before we do get started though i know i mentioned this in my most recent only fans video but i do have a new line of merch out it's called if you got it monetize it which is kind of what my 2020 year has been all about specifically with only fans starting my podcast breaking up with michaela cementry check it out but it's all about being your own boss you know and figuring out what you have and then learning how to monetize that so i know i showed this in my last video but if you missed it we have phone cases here are some of the colors that i got if you did watch that video you can see that this is the one that i received that was supposed to be yellow and so they did send over the correct color so these are a few examples of the colors of phone cases that you can get it says if you got it monetize it phone cases come in all sizes you don't have to have exactly an iphone or the size to get it this is just what works with my phone i got that question a few times and then as i'm sure you've seen in vlogs that i posted and then the last only fans video i have a few examples of the sweatshirts and shirts and stuff that you can get this is the white example of if you got it monetize it we've got this gray crew neck which is personally one of my favorites i think it just looks really great against the gray this one might be my favorite i'm sure you've seen this on my instagram as well as other videos that i posted but the one in pink is just so cute really really love this hoodie this is the classic hoodie and then i also ordered a premium hoodie which has white strings instead of the color that you choose i also love the way it looks on black i think it's just adorable there are so many more colors sizes t-shirts long sleeve shirts crew next hoodies you name it on my merch shop so definitely check that out i think there's a little like line of featured merch down below and then in the description box i have a link to my merch store and then you can always use the coupon code only fans just to show that you're part of the only fans family one more thing to mention before we get started and that is i do offer only fan shout outs so if you want to be featured on my only fans page gain more exposure help promote your account i post only fans promos every single day weekdays and then i take the weekends off if this is something you're interested in and want to help promote your account to a larger audience definitely reach out to me via instagram or twitter and dm me on those too and then if you dm me on the weekend please be patient because i do take weekends off from posting only fans promos but then also responding to dms but i promise i will get to it i think that's everything i had to mention before i started this video if you have not yet signed up for only fans definitely click the link in my description box to sign up through my referral link so you can always sign up for only fans by clicking on that link in my description box okay now that we got all of that out of the way i have my list in this little youtube journal i've been using lately titled why you're not getting fans and i do just want to mention that these are just recommendations suggestions i'm not saying specifically that anyone is doing anything wrong or that you have to do this to be successful there are so many ways to be successful this is just my personal experience on what i've learned works well or doesn't work or what i've noticed could be different sometimes people will send me their only fans link just so i can check it out and see if it's looking well from an outsider's perspective and sometimes there are these small little details that i think could help get you more subscribers so if you are struggling to grow hopefully this will help just know that i really believe anybody can do it i know i get a lot of comments being like oh she only has fans because she has a youtube channel but if you watch that first video i was doing only fans for a week before ever promoting it on youtube and i was still successful so it is possible and if you are curious about my only fan's journey and my stats you know and how much i've made so far how many fans i have i know some people are very curious about that and have watched me grow from six months ago to now i will end this video with a personal only fans update on how my account has been doing but with all of that being said don't forget to give this video a thumbs up comment down below shameless self plug your only fans if you want make sure that you're subscribed don't forget to turn on the bell i always shout out the first comments on my social media so be sure to be following me on instagram and snapchat and all of that also just make sure you're subscribed so that you don't miss the next only fans video i try to scatter them every like three to four uploads just to provide some variety in my content but i already know what my next only fans video will be so stay tuned for that i'm so sorry this intro was so long everything felt so crucial to say but getting right into it here is my list of reasons why you may not be getting fans the number one reason is your price might just be too high i know in my first only fans video i talked about how i didn't know my worth that my only influence or person that i knew and only fans had a subscription of 30 and i was comparing it to gym memberships netflix and wondering how much do i charge a month for my only fans so for a while i had it at 30 dollars as well i realized it was way too high i dropped it to 26 and it works but in the general view of only fans accounts that is still really high a lot of people have their subscriptions ranging from 10 to 15 which is still pretty high now that i've seen so many accounts working through like shout outs and promos i think the most successful girls or boys anyone can do it i just keep saying girls because most of the people that i help with only fans are girls but most of them have their subscription at five dollars six bucks i think the lower that you have your price the more that people are inclined to subscribe because it's like why not it's just five bucks let's see what it is and then if they like your content they stay if you provide content in the dms for more they might pay for it trisha paytas i believe has a pretty low subscription rate this other girl that i know i'm sure other people have heard of her too i don't know why i'm keeping her private but she was on a tlc show like a teen pregnancy show and now she hasn't only fans she recently started and only fans i think hers is only seven dollars but she has like 2 000 fans so if you do the math that's like a lot whereas with me my subscription is 26 bucks but i only have a couple hundred fans so it's still a lot but it's on a lesser scale but especially if you're starting out i highly recommend having a subscription rate of maybe like eight bucks ten bucks if your subscription rate is thirty dollars based on experience i just know that a lot of people aren't going to be inclined to subscribe unless you already have a big platform and they are specifically paying to see you because if it's just like a new like random girl that they don't know it's harder to convince people to spend that much money when it's a bigger risk so the second reason you may not be getting fans is you haven't posted anything your feed is empty you don't have any photos or videos up imagine from a buyer's perspective they go to someone's only fans and sees because the numbers are public so when you go to someone's profile you can see how many posts they have how many photos are posted how many videos they have and how many likes so imagine if a potential buyer was going to go to your profile picture and they see that you have zero photos zero videos and zero likes why would they spend 30 bucks 10 bucks to pay for nothing you know lighting was so great for like 10 minutes until the sun stops being so dramatic we move to the corner of the office anyway i get a lot of questions on instagram asking me like i just created an only fans account i have zero followers should i be posting or should i wait until i get fans definitely build up a feed definitely post maybe like 10 photos two videos it's okay to like your own things on only fans too because no one's gonna know i know that it's kind of taboo and not really seen as acceptable to to do that on instagram or facebook or twitter on only fans i always like my own posts just so that it doesn't say zero likes to my fans when it goes out i don't know just like it helps me feel like there's more engagement and then it also helps increase the number of likes that you total because on only fans that is public that is something that people see so go ahead and like your own posts post a lot because if your subscription is 15 kind of think in your head okay what is worth 15 and then post that amount even before you have fans just so that they feel like they get their money's worth and then also so that people are intrigued to pay to see what you posted so the next thing i have on my list as a reason why you may not be getting fans is because of the profile picture or the banner photo because your profile is for the most part private unless someone subscribes your profile and your banner photo are one well i guess they're two things of the very limited things that you have public for people to see before paying which means that you want to make sure that you're branding yourself correctly really showing off like a good photo or something that really would make people be like yeah this seems great on a hit by personally my profile picture as i'm sure anyone could click my link and see is me from behind in a bikini and then to be honest i really don't think my banner photo is a good photo i just have a clear color of yellow i made it very discreet this is advice i could use myself is to find a better photo for the banner that might intrigue people oh the sun is getting better so if your profile picture is like a selfie or palm trees maybe consider taking a look over your content or what you plan on posting and wondering if you can choose one of those photos to post as your profile photo or just kind of something that represents your content specifically and whatever you're comfortable with i always make sure to mention that too don't post anything that you are uncomfortable with but if it is within your comfortability and what you plan on posting definitely consider making that your profile picture because this isn't facebook this is an instagram it's not like a place to post a cute selfie it's where people are paying to see your exclusive content so take that into consideration because you don't have a lot of things to advertise your only fans with once someone is on your link once someone clicks on your link they have your photos as in your profile and your banner photo and your text like your bio for the most part which plays into my next bit of advice and thing that i have listed on this list is not having a good bio more specifically saying too much or too little in your file what i mean by this is some bios are very very specific which is awesome you want to be able to tell people what you're posting what you're up to but keep in mind like i keep saying this isn't like an instagram bio it's not meant to be relatable cute cliche i guess in a way because this is really a place where you are trying to convince someone to buy your subscription it's a place where you can kind of write out what you plan on posting if you're doing adult content mention that because that will help someone want to subscribe if you're doing fetishes or feet content put that in the bio so that they know something that i would recommend not posting in the bio and this is something that i'm probably going to get mixed opinions about is i wouldn't say in your bio what you don't post if that makes sense in my mind i feel like that's saying too much and i would rather have someone subscribe to see more positively like what i do post and then if they have questions they can dm you and you can either say yes i'm open to that or saying sorry like that's not my content but you did your job by listing the content that you do post in the bio and i know i might sound like a hypocrite because my bio is very vague right now and this is a tip that i had in one of my other only fans video is to keep your bio vague but specific mine as i'm sure a lot of you know because i've noticed a lot of girls are using my exact bio i'm not mad because plagiarism is like a form of flattery or what is that saying not plagiarism because copying is like a form of flattery so i mean if it's working good for you it's not like i came up with that exact phrase but sorry i had to change the battery but yeah i know my bio is like very vague and not really specific so if i could take my own piece of advice i might want to list the type of photos and content that i make i guess what i'm really trying to say with this one is like use your bio you know because i've seen a lot of girls that don't have anything in their bio or just write down like california living or something like that where it's like you know just something kind of like bigger than i would recommend oh my god the lighting sorry i keep moving the camera so often this video feels a little chaotic so i apologize for that i promise my setup is a lot more professional than this all that i'm trying to really say though about the bio is it's one of very limited things that you can use to utilize advertising for potential fans so make sure that it is saying the right stuff not the wrong stuff and like just the right amount enough to be specific but vague enough to make them want to see more awesome the next tip of advice that i have for a reason why you may not be getting fans is because you may not be posting enough right now i post content multiple times per day and i highly recommend if you are starting out to be posting content at least once a day you want to grow that content and build that foundation keep in mind that like the more content that you have posted the more that you will grow if that makes any sense like when you're first starting out you might get one or two fans and it's awesome and then you might feel like oh i don't want to post right now because i don't have enough fans keep posting because the more that you post the more that they are going to like your content the more that you will build up your feed and then more people will subscribe and it will kind of take off from there oh this ties into the bio thing i've seen a few bios where people will say like posting up to three to four times a week or only posting mondays wednesdays and saturdays that's great but some people are posting like three times a day so as a buyer if you're looking at all these accounts and you see a girl with like a 30 subscription with a this i'm just creating like the ultimate bad profile i'm not calling out anybody and i don't want to say bad just things where it just like might not be as successful so if you see like a profile account with you know a 30 subscription fee a selfie as a profile photo and then a bio that says like small town girl living in a lonely world posting mondays wednesdays and saturdays compared to someone that has like a 10 subscription fee with a list of services that they offer and saying that they post every single day with an example photo of the content that they post as their profile and a hot photo for their banner like i don't know as a buyer like i think i might subscribe to one versus the other the next thing on my list as to why you might not be gaining fans is because in addition to you might not be posting enough you also might not be promoting enough unfortunately really the only way to get your only fans link and like account out there is through promotion this makes it so much harder to grow because there isn't an explore page there isn't some sort of algorithm that will send your account out to potential people that might like it and then have them find you it really is up to you to brand yourself post it get it out there which is why it's so important to promote promote promote do not give up keep going you know let's say you're promoting on reddit or twitter and you get one fan and you're like oh this is devastating it's not working it is working because you got that fan so do not give up highly recommend checking out reddit threads twitter threads instagram but be careful because if you link your only fans link in your instagram i know that instagram tends to delete some accounts so just be super careful with that link tree works best it's basically a way where you can link more than one link in your url on instagram oh i also had someone tell me that i should check out like workout threads to promote my only fans which i thought was a genius idea but try to think about your audience and where most of your audience might be hanging out online and then try to promote to that i also recommended promoting on dating apps be careful with this one again because if you come across as spam a lot of dating apps will delete your account so just be super careful with that but yeah unfortunately the only way to really grow is to promote so do not give up because even if you think you didn't get a fan from something it is still you getting your link out there creating that trail almost of your only fancy link who knows someday someone might find it and subscribe like i mentioned in the beginning of this video i also offer promos so if that's something you want to try definitely dm me on instagram or twitter a lot of people ask me how i've gained most of my fans this is very very specific to my experience but luckily youtube has brought in a ton of audience for me and if that's something that you want to do if you're not staying anonymous highly recommend making a video about it because only fam videos do really well on youtube which makes sense i mean even myself included have looked up only fans videos for research and kind of just curiosity this next one is something that just kills me because you don't even realize that you're doing it until someone tries to use this and then realizes it doesn't work that was so big what i mean is another reason why you might not be getting fans is because your link isn't reachable or it's broken or it doesn't work this is set up in the settings weird so if you don't know what you're turning off in the settings i forget what it's called it might be your geo location or something but there is something in the settings don't mess with it because what it means it basically makes your link private sometimes when i do promos for girls they'll send over their link to their profile and i'll try to click on it and it will say page not available and they won't even realize that this was on meaning that you could be promoting everywhere doing everything right and yet when people try to click on your link it doesn't work so definitely make sure test it yourself go into a new browser or go on your phone if you're using your laptop go somewhere where you aren't logged into your own account and see if you can find your link see if the url that you posted works because if that doesn't work it it's sad because you won't even realize that it's broken and that's why you're not gaining fans the last thing that i have listed for why you may not be gaining fans also is kind of frustrating in my end because it's something that you also don't realize you're doing and i get this a ton in the comments section of my videos and that is you're sharing the wrong link it just breaks my heart but a lot of people instead of commenting their like profile link to their page which is always like onlyfans.com your username a lot of people will post their referral link instead and this is probably caused by them just not really knowing what the referral link is used for or not realizing that there is a different link the referral link is used for people that want to create an account but haven't yet if you already have an account and you click the referral link you'll just be taken to your home page if you don't have an account the referral link will work so if you want to sign up for only fans use mine down below if you are trying to share your account and promote your link you don't want to use this because it won't lead them anywhere they won't find your profile you want to make sure that you are commenting or promoting your only fans profile link i cannot tell you how many comments i've gotten of people commenting follow me and only fans and then it's their referral link instead which it's so sad because it's not even going to work because even if someone wanted to subscribe it's not going to take them to the correct page that's my list of everything that i could think of for reasons that you may not be getting fans i hope that this helped and i did not want to come off as judgmental or like specific to anything in any way like i mentioned these are just my opinions and things that i think may help you so i hope you take this unsolicited advice positively and i really hope that this helped you moving on to an update on my own only fans account at this point it is second week of july i started the last two weeks of january in about a week i will be doing this for exactly six months and in that time i have made drumroll please forty thousand dollars almost to the dot today of course this is my gross income which is you know what i've made only fans takes out 20 which puts me at around 32 000 which is still insane not to mention it's only been six months i got a question on my last only fans video asking how much i make average per month and at the time i really didn't know because every single month was different every single month was more and more and more now i'm starting to notice a pattern so for the last three months i believe i've made around 7 000 per month that seems to be my average right now of course you know things like always are growing bigger and bigger so that may change but for the last three months or so it's been about 7k give or take could be a little more it could be a little less right now i'm at about 4 000 for the month and i'm about two weeks in so if i go at this rate i will hit a thousand for july which is insane i've received almost 500 fans accumulatively throughout these last six months and i am still wavering in the one percent of creators kind of fluctuating between 1.5 1.6 sometimes it goes up to 2 if i'm not selling as much content as the previous week or if i'm having a good week it'll be like 1.3 but that's an update on my only fans account yes i'm still doing it that's how much i'm making the sun is moving everywhere now i always include a personal update on my only fence account and my only fans videos so stay tuned for the next one and we'll see how growth is going and all of that but i really hoped everything in this video helped you if you have any other questions or things that you think i may have forgotten please comment them down below and make sure that you're cut up and have seen the previous only fans videos that i've made as well as checking out my merch down below and following me on instagram for more details on that promo so all that being said though i hope you enjoyed this video and have a wonderful rest of your day i'll see you real soon with my next bye i was so hurt and upset that i never gave him another chance [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [9 likes]: Don't forget, if you're planning to sign up for onlyfans, please use my link!! https://onlyfans.com/?ref=18779765 ❤️
  2. @stephaniereynolds1033 [1 likes]: Steph_rey276
  3. @Joycelove994 [1 likes]: Do you offer one on one consults? I am so confused on how to get started and I've tried making posts and I get flagged, I want some training or a session, I'm not sure how to find a mentor! Lol let me know if you have kind of training, I would happily pay to have you as a mentor
  4. @اوليفراودو: hello
  5. @NOBODYZER0MOBILE: I've never been on only fans and never will any woman selling nudes is not a woman I wanna see naked period good luck in 10 years when u can't take the pictures down
  6. @messorium8520: OF: turtlebaby9 
Just starting out
  7. @CandieKinkie: OF  CandieKinkie ❤️‍🔥
  8. @Muthonitessy: @cocomamu
  9. @fabianodocarmo7501: Vc e top
  10. @SmarAl-c2c: Americans ☕️, don’t normalise this ..do what u want but don’t advertise this to others ppl it’s disgusting
  11. @AdriannaNellis: Why doesn't anybody tell the truth about onlyfans? They charge you to be on there. You, when you first start out, you have to pay to go on there
  12. @lighttightandtan3182: Im so confused ..thanks for the vid
  13. @AmberMcCarthy-q3w: I have promoted everywhere that I have and still nothing 🥺
  14. @susiewatts1982: Are you still doing Onlyfans please ? Xx
  15. @Wavecattt: Do you have some advice for feet content sharing on your paid onlyfans main page? Is it best to send free feet content every day or just 1 or 2 a week and send everyday 2 ppv messages?


Do you send them messages without pics/vids for free of do they pay?

I am new at this and 0 followers i just begon last week🙈
Your vids are very helpful thank you so much!
  16. @All_Things_Pretty: Do y’all show your face in your content or just neck down? I wanna start but worried about ppl recognizing me….
  17. @sebastianarcila5604: hope to get suscriber soon started my only fans 2 months ago
  18. @toddcribbs6844: That's good always be discreet
  19. @toddcribbs6844: You have a beautiful smile
  20. @toddcribbs6844: Don't worry I have a friend on a only fans she is very nice

- How the Business of OnlyFans Works and Who Makes Money: Kind: captions Language: en What do a cliff diver, a pop star, and a porn actress all have in common? I'm OnlyFans. OnlyFans is me. OnlyFans is not where you go to get famous. OnlyFans is where you go to get paid. What's so great about OnlyFans is you can pay creators directly and you know that it's going to. That creator OnlyFans has emerged as the biggest and most interesting of these subscription based creator platforms. They've paid their creators more than $20 billion and they've got 380 million users, which is a little bit more than the population of the United States. The overwhelming majority of their content is adult content, And despite what OnlyFans says is rigorous oversight, it has attracted some of the worst actors with allegations of sexual abuse, exploitation, and violence. The worst accusations around the company are around child sexual abuse material. As with any platform that then becomes very lucrative, you have a lot of other unscrupulous people who see an opportunity to make a buck. This is one of those byproducts of social media and of sex industry in particular As they aim to clean up their act and potentially put a multi-billion dollar sale on the table, OnlyFans could face some obstacles from financial opacity to concerns over content moderation. While the platform is legal, they still have their work cut out for them. Financial institutions in general are wary of being in business with adult content. So can OnlyFans become the Netflix of the creator economy or is it destined to remain the world's biggest porn empire? OnlyFans keeps trying to be something more than a porn site, but it has thus far failed to shed that label. The story of OnlyFans is still a a bit of a mystery to most people. We know that OnlyFans was founded by Tim Stokely in 2016. We know that he sold a majority stake in the company to the investor, Leo Radvinksy in 2018. Since then, Radvinksy is the majority shareholder. Radvinsky is such an interesting character. He doesn't do a lot of interviews. He's not very public, but what we do know about him, he is an engineer, an entrepreneur. He got his start doing some of these CAM sites in the early two thousands. The dividend that Rodinsky gets is truly extraordinary. He's become a billionaire off of the site. - They say very little about how the economics of it work. Their net revenue is between 1.2 and 1.4 billion, and their profit is about half that. So that's a margin of like 50%, which is pretty much unheard of. Other than that, we don't know a whole lot. What we do know is how OnlyFans makes its money, and it's by taking a percentage of what fans directly pay their favorite creators. So Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, these are all advertising built businesses. Advertising requires you to appeal to hundreds of thousands if not millions of people. Whereas you can make pretty good money charging 2000 people or 5,000 people the right amount of money. OnlyFans opened up a whole new way for this sort of emerging class of content creators to charge their most passionate fans for things. Hi! My name is Addis Fouche. First and foremost, I'm a Virgo, but also I'm an adult performer. I'd say a solid half of my income comes from OnlyFans. So he's buying his messages for sexting and then he sent a little tip. My journey into adult content actually started with OnlyFans. I actually joined after the pandemic. I thought that OnlyFans is really appealing and really cool and really accessible to me, so I thought, why not try it? And here we are three years later, OnlyFans are really democratized. Who can be a porn star and who can monetize off of their sexuality? Sure, we all know sex sells and it's made OnlyFans a very successful company, but questions remain about When OnlyFans tried to sell itself earlier this year, it was asking for a price of $8 billion, which was about the value of the recent merger of Paramount and Skydance. But anybody who has sold anything knows sort of your asking price and what you actually sell for can be very different things. There's not a big public bidding process for the company yet. So whether it would actually be an attractive target for an acquirer, especially at that price, really remains to be seen. Its true value could hinge upon whether or not the platform could move beyond its roots. If they can become a site that anyone and everyone uses to sell subscriptions, it opens them up to just a much bigger market. It also makes it much easier for them to do deals with traditional financial institutions. Mainstream creators and celebrities are increasingly joining OnlyFans and some are using a body positive approach to make the platform work for them. I am making more money from a handful of fans on OnlyFans versus like the millions of fans that I have worldwide listening to my music. The cost of everything that it takes to tour has gone up quite drastically yet musicians, wages have not, and so lots of bands are finding themselves in positions where they cannot afford to go on tour. Here I am outside the Spotify building. Pay your artist fairly, you're unethical. The streamers and the major labels are stealing from artists. My song foundations has over a hundred million streams. You'd think I'd be a millionaire. I'm not. - That's because Spotify pays between 0.003 and 0 cents per stream. So you'd need around 500,000 streams per month to get the equivalent of a US minimum wage, and that's before label cuts, management fees and publishing splits. - I play shows and I wear clothes where it might be revealing. I'm used to sort of being exposed I'm, I use my body as part of my work as part of entertainment quite a lot, and I thought it would be quite fun to to start the OnlyFans account on the first day of the tour and call it Butts for tour buses and sell pictures of my bum and just see what happens. I'm here with butts for tour buses, butts for tour buses. My new campaign, you may have learned about it. I caused a media frenzy. It's an exploitative industry that's making it harder and harder for anyone to do music, and I think that's wrong, and that's why I'm selling pictures of my bum Feeling cut out of mainstream industries is driving all sorts of creators to take the leap. 3, 2, 1. My name is Ellie Smart and I'm a professional Cliff diver. Jump off. I rely on OnlyFans for over 50% of my income right now. There's not always a lot of money in these small niche sports. Exploring different ways to make side income is very, very important. A lot of my content was being taken and shared in so many different platforms, but I didn't see any money or you know, really any results or perks of those videos being shared, not feeling that, which led me to OnlyFans Content like Ellie's plays into the push. OnlyFans is made to make the platform more safe for work. They've been really pushing hard into things like personal trainers and chefs and standup comedians and sort of safe for work content. They've got something called OnlyFans tv, which is supposed to be just safe for work. Hi, OF tv. The pivot that they're attempting is the same pivot they've been attempting for three or four years, which is we are not just porn. OFTV, which was supposed to be sort of more Hollywood like programming. It remains unclear how popular any of this is Despite the OFTV launch. We know that most of their content is adult content. With that comes a reputation that might be hard to shake. Popularity of OnlyFans has gone a long way toward reducing the stigma of doing sort of sex work or or need modeling, but that definitely still there we're Teachers by day and OnlyFans stars by night. I personally don't do any nudity or porn or anything like that, but as a professional athlete, I am literally in a swimsuit all the time, like I am already pretty much, you know, naked. How silly is that, that you can post it on one place for free and it's totally okay, but then society can have a different opinion when you post it and you actually profit off of your hard work? I don't think that the stigma is necessarily gone. I think that there's just more people who are making more money despite the stigma. You just have to push past it. How are you? OnlyFans does have reputational challenges, which is why when they have tried to raise outside capital, it's been hard. There's already the sort of uneasiness in some circles with the very notion of pornography, but then you fold in all the things that may be happening on the platform that you're not aware of. You might not even find out until after you own it. I don't I don't like it. Such due diligence could unearth serious allegations made about OnlyFans in the past, The BBC and Reuters have done quite a lot of investigations into issues on OnlyFans, including a problem with child sexual abuse material, non-consensual videos showing up on the platform, an investigation into police reports, where a woman said her rape was broadcast on OnlyFans. OnlyFans is being used by children. Children on occasions are being blackmailed and exploited. We go above and beyond what many other social media platforms do in terms of content moderation. We review every single piece of content appears on the OnlyFans platform. A 2024 report by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children attributed 352 of the 20.5 million reports of suspected child sexual exploitation to OnlyFans in 2025. OnlyFans was fined over a million pounds for breaches relating to age verification. OnlyFans accepted the findings and changed its policy. OnlyFans has so much at stake with making sure that none of the content is illegal, that it all meets their standards. They have a process in place. It's actually pretty rigorous. When you set up an account, you have to have proof of your identity, so you have to have a driver's license. You have to take a selfie with your driver's license. You have to give them your social security number. You have to do a selfie check-in periodically after you have a creator account to prove that you are still who you say you are. What I really like about OnlyFans is I'm in complete control. It would be great if people could start actually having less shame and if we could support people creating their own content. I Don't think OnlyFans needs to hide what the majority of their content base is. It's creating a lot of great livelihoods for millions of people around the world. I think that they're only gonna continue to grow and become a really big media empire. Despite the controversies, they're definitely a huge part of the creator economy and a big cash machine for their owner. The business as it is, makes so much money. It's very sustainable and and probably will continue to be for the foreseeable future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidlepore4552 [4 likes]: What about the fact OF is turning our nation's young people into a form of prostitutes.? I hope this video made the promo money it was looking for...
  2. @SuccessMindset2180 [2 likes]: People at the very top of such companies are the only ones, who benefit the most out of it
  3. @Übon739 [2 likes]: Wait, 20+ million child sexual exploitation reports in ONE year!!!!!
WTF is happening with ppl😮
  4. @amateurartistsmind [1 likes]: After seeing this, all I can say is that it is a classic case of being a Cult. Cult uses your personal shortcomings and entices you with benefits. And when you reap the benefits, you'll try to defend it with your whole life, even if it is detrimental to your reputation.
  5. @goddesscoka [1 likes]: Only fans donated to TRUMP. I took myself off of that platform after. Straight to loyalfans I went
  6. @equilibrium352 [1 likes]: The weakest side of humans is lust and the devil knows it
  7. @jannarkiewicz633 [1 likes]: I'm 60... Guess Onlyfans will be retirement income :-)
  8. @lgaolga2829: But Ravinsky is DEAD already… oooops
  9. @2msvalkyrie529: Kate Nash  " caused a media sensation ".......?!?!?    er.....I must've missed that..?
  10. @coletteolsavsky277: Scammers feeding off of innocent people
  11. @hughporter2541: 352 out of 25 million sounds like an epidemic
  12. @Lex_Über: 4:09 “OF has really democratized who can be a pawn* star”.  Simply appearing on camera does not automatically make someone a “star”. Traditional adult entertainment was built around selling a carefully curated fantasy, where only a select few performers could rise to prominence. With OF, by contrast, the product is largely unpolished and centers on direct access to the individual s*x workers themselves. *Edit.
  13. @tobyod: Just make it illegal to use it.
  14. @claudiuspace: Most of the age and identity check tools are useless now with so much AI and deepfakes.
  15. @kcdiazWTV: Makes sense.
  16. @Powerful_Sayf: what the name of the opening song?
  17. @kuntalgo: So, supply is the problem?
  18. @الحمدللهعلىكلحال-م7ص: the competition become so hard for women , so they choose the old easy way , thier body . that's all about
  19. @WHYDFKMIHERE: SFW - means safe for work.
They wrote - Safe for Wall Street, thought I was bugging
  20. @MatDGVLL: This is evil

- Accounting for OnlyFans: Managing Finances and Maximizing Earnings: Kind: captions Language: en hiring an accountant for your only fans business can provide numerous benefits and help ensure financial success firstly an accountant can help you maintain accurate and organized records of your income and expenses enabling you to track your financial growth and make informed decisions they can also assist in maximizing tax deductions and minimizing your tax liability ensuring compliance with tax laws and regulations specific to the adult content industry furthermore an accountant can offer valuable advice on budgeting Financial Planning and investment strategies helping you make the most of your earnings and Achieve long-term Financial stability by leveraging their expertise an accountant can provide Peace of Mind allowing you to focus on creating content and growing your only fans presence while ensuring your financial matters are handled professionally and efficiently

- How He Earns $10,000/Month at 19 Years Old | OnlyFans Management: Kind: captions Language: en So Josh, in the last 30 days, how much money have you made on your Only Fans management agency? Let's have a look. So in the last 30 days, $8.8,000 in the last 30 days from 16th of September till the 15th of October. And when did you actually start your only fans management agency? >> Um, so I started at the start of September >> and then signed my first client around the 15th of September, around the middle. Yeah. At the middle of September, halfway through. And then, so yeah, so you've literally been doing it around a month or so at this point of this uh this recording. And within your first month already, you've generated $8.8,000, which is pretty good. So, let's break everything down about who you are, where you're from, what did you do before this, how did you even get here in the first place, and let's go through it all. So, I think we can start off with giving a bit of context and the background about yourself. And so, where are you from? And we'll start with that. Yeah. So I'm from Nottingham in England. Uh literally just finished my A levels around June time. Yeah. And then saw OFM from your Instagram uh around September. Uh just before September decided to hop on a hop on a call and went all in from there. Sick. Okay. So before that, did you do any other online business models, etc.? >> Um so I tried a few different things. Tried drop shipping, tried um copyright services. uh even started a marketing agency with a couple of my mates. Um but then as soon as I found out about this, I kind of left that and then went all in on >> Did you Did you make any money with the other business models or No. >> Uh a bit with the marketing agency because there was multiple owners. It was only a small cut of each. >> Okay. >> But with drop shimmer and copyrightiting, I didn't make any money. >> Okay. And the marketing agency, how long did you do that for? >> Uh I did it for around 3 months. >> Okay. Okay. Good. And this is whilst you're still studying at that point? Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then you done copyrightiting as well. Uh yeah, that's right. Was that before or after? That was before. That was before. Okay. So, this is kind of similar to another student that I just recently interviewed. Uh in a sense of, you know, you're just trying to make money online. You're just trying to make it whatever kind of means, right? Um so, the question I ask, which is the same thing for you, is have you always had this mindset of like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a 9 to5. I just want to do my own thing. I don't really care which way, but I'm going to figure it out one way or another. Have you always said that or was there a turning point? Do you feel like that made you think? I wouldn't I wouldn't say I always had this mindset. I've always had a mindset to become better and improve myself. But then uh I think I surrounded myself with people who were constantly driving themselves to make more money to improve themselves in all aspects. And then by surrounding myself with those people, it rubbed off on me and it rubbed off a lot. And then I went from there. And was that online or in person? Uh in person. >> Okay, cool. And so these were new friends, right? or friends from school. Yeah. So, it was actually one of my friends from school. Um, literally ever since I was met him, it was just money, money, money. So, and then obviously being around him like 24/7, it's just rubbed off on me and it gave me that exact same mindset. Good. Good. Well, bro, most people don't have that. So, you're very fortunate in that. That's 100%. Yeah. Most people, they'll have friends that either sell or do drugs and just party and just do dumb stuff, right? It's stupid. Um, but you do need people like that. And what's funny is now you're one of them and I'm sure you're gonna now around your hometown people gonna hang around and be like, "Oh, wait. This is that Josh making." So, so good, good on you, bro. Okay, cool. So, it was one of your friends that always kind of was about, you know, fascinated about making money and was always hustling and trying to make money in different ways. Um, which kind of gave you the idea to start something of your own. And then you started researching bunch of different online money-making methods, right? From marketing agencies to copywriting, etc. Um, but none of them really took off. I think you said with a marketing agency, you did make a little bit of money, but you had a business partner, so you take home probably wasn't that much, right? That's where Okay, cool. Um, so then where does all of this come into play? Like, how did you even find out about me or OFM, etc. So, it was around the time that Andrew Tate was popping off. Yeah. >> And I think you did a sparring match or something like that. We uh came up on my Instagram and then I started following you from there. I think um I think I even text you a few months before do uh starting this um and you were just like, "Oh, how come you started following me and stuff like this?" Um and then kind of from there left it for a few months and then I saw get like a page just kept popping up popping up on my Instagram. Uh so I decided to look into it and I was like, "Okay, there's some serious money to be made here." So then I hopped on a call straight away. And was it was it particularly seeing loads of other agency owners making loads of money which was what made you go okay there is actually money in this industry or was there something else where you were like okay I want to do this business model. >> Uh to be fair I don't think there was anything about the business model that drew me in thinking I think it was just seeing your lifestyle seeing other people make money >> and I was like I want to be that I want to make that money so I was going to chase it. >> Yeah. And it's like it's not just like me and maybe one other person, right? It's like loads of people inside the community and just in general in OFFM, people typically take make a load of money. And uh so that makes sense. You just go where the money flows, right? >> Whether and the thing as well, bro, right? Whether you love it or hate it, like the business model, it's kind of irrelevant cuz like if me and you didn't do it, somebody else would do it. You know what I mean? And it's like at the end of the day, what do we actually do? We're just doing a bit of marketing for an online creator. Yeah, sure. Some of them get naked. Whoopde [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do. But like in order to do it, you have to be 18 and over. Um, and I mean, yeah, like there's, in my personal opinion, I don't think there's anything that bad that we're doing. You know, some people think it's like the worst thing in the world and so on. Sure, it's fine. It's not for everybody. It's fine. But in just simple business terms, there is a supply and demand, and we're just simply helping that demand get what they need more of faster, and then we take more money, you know, from that. And so, okay, so you found out about all of this. Uh, you you saw me on social media. You then booked a call with us. Is that right? >> Yeah, that's right. When you booked a call with us, you had not ran an agency by this point, right? Like an OFM. You were just completely from zero. I didn't even really know what it was. >> We're already brand new. Okay. So then from the time when you done the call with my my team uh to the point where you invested, was it on the same call or is it like a couple days later? >> Uh on the same call. >> Okay, cool. I've got a really good closer. >> Okay, cool. Cool. >> And uh and just be honest, bro. Like, was there a bit of you that was like skeptical? Did you ever go into any programs before or is this like your first one? >> No, it was my first program. And uh I was a bit skeptical at first, you know, like I don't know. Bound to be, but obviously it it's come out to reward me, hasn't it? So, >> cool. Cool. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, I like it. This is why I like doing these videos because I don't know what you're going to say. Like, I I haven't watched the call or etc. Uh and I get it, bro. I was exactly the same. Like when I first started, I started with SMA, so kind of similar to yourself. I was just telling you downstairs about the story, bro. I was broke. I was living in a house share. I was I was renting a R, not in a whole apartment, etc., just my my room. And that was £400 a month. Yeah. And that was like half of my income a month. I was making about £800 900 a month cuz I was working as an apprentice. So I get it. It's a It's a lot of money. So it's a big risk. And also like you said as well, you didn't even know exactly what it is and how it works, etc. Right? So I completely get it, but you took the risk. Do you remember what anything in particular that made you go, "Okay, that makes sense. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Let's just do it." Was there anything in particular? >> Um, I think on the call me and the closer spoke about there's people who take risks and there's people who don't. And the people who don't will stay in the same position for their whole lives. They're always they're never going to progress to you need to take risk. You need to take action to progress and get anywhere in life. It's applicable through business, through the gym, through your mindset, everything. You need to take action, >> move, do something uh to move forward. >> Yeah, bro. It's uh it's the most simplest way to explain it as well is you want something that you don't yet have, right? And you've haven't had before. Well, in order to achieve that, do you think by doing the same thing and staying in the same place, doing the same thing that you've always done is going to help you achieve it? Probably not. The universe doesn't really work like that, right? So, you have to do things that you have never done before and maybe that are a bit out of your comfort zone, right? Which is such as making an investment like this. You you invested your hard-earned money. You practically went into a business model which you did not really fully understand like how it all works, etc. And look what's happened. Right? This is just your first month. And I know for some people, it depends who's watching. For some people, $8.8,000 in 30 days. They're like, "Fucking hell, that is sick. That's like 3, four, five times more than what I'm making right now." And then for some people, they're like, "Yeah, it's only 8K." Realistically, those people that are like, "Oh, it's only 8K." They're not making that. So, so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them. Um, but yeah, in your first month, 8.8K. And obviously, you know, with all due respect for anybody who doesn't quite understand about OFM, obviously you don't take the whole 8.8K. you're going to take depending on your clients probably 50%. But still $4.4,000 in 30 days. That's not bad for your first like uh agency run in your first month. So, okay. So, that's how a bit of backstory about yourself, who you are, how you got here, um how you actually ended up joining. And then I wanted to get people to uh hear from you about like your first experiences inside of not only the program but also running your agency, you know. So, um, let's go with your first, uh, I was going to say your first month. This is your first month. Um, just talk us through, yeah, your first month of your agency trying to get your first client, doing the outreach, and then to where you are now. Uh, so obviously it started by just watching the videos in your um in your community, just like trying to learn what it's all about. Uh I watched all the way up to the um all of the client acquisition until I began my Instagram outreach to start getting clients. Then while also doing that like watching all the marketing and learning all the other things. Uh and also just literally doom scrolling through the win section in the community and just being like if there's people doing this yeah I can do it too. Like what's the difference between me and them? They probably took a bit more action and done it a bit sooner but it doesn't mean I can't be there you know. >> Yeah. So it was literally just going through the community, learning off others, watching the videos, and then yeah, go began outreach, got my first client within two weeks of outreach. Um, and this is a person you didn't know, by the way. >> Yeah. Yeah. Complete stranger. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I love that the win section has helped you as well. That's why I have it. That's what literally why I have it because and also for you now that you are starting to get wins, you put them in there and then everyone else is encouraging you, right? But then for if you flip it around, this was you only a couple weeks ago, right? Just like trying to get some motivation. And I get it, bro. Like doing the outreach when you don't have a client. You've spent a load of money to join this program. You're maybe unsure if it actually is real or not cuz you haven't got the client yet. And you're doing so many messages. You're trying to close the client and it might seem a little bit demotivating, but then you go into that win section and you're like, "Okay, this is a different person that's got to win. This is a different person that's got to win. Different, different, different. These are all different people from all around the world and like you said, if these lock can do it, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aren't you? Exactly. So, I love that. Um, okay, cool. So, and then in your two in your first two weeks, you close a client. How was that? How was the call? How did you close the client? Uh, so I hopped on the call and to be fair, I just followed your um like onboarding process and good uh all that, but I wasn't really confident. I like I didn't like ask what are our weak points all these like other things that I now know that I need to do but I just kind of winged it and it worked but obviously now I know going forward all the different things it's it's a learning process isn't it you obviously learn as you go um and you don't you can learn a lot from obviously watching the videos from chatting to others but the most you learn is when you actually take action and do something for yourself and that's when you learn from your own mistakes and how you learn quicker Yep. Yep. And I also see you in the group coaching calls jumping in asking me questions. We get to speak on there. Um, by the sounds of it, so far it it has been textbook. Like you joined the program, you have joined the community, you're speaking to everybody, you're looking at the win section and you're seeing, okay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. There's like so many people making so much money. All right, that's got me motivated. You've then watched the online coaching program, which the videos, I mean, from your perspective, have the videos helped? Are they informative? Are they a bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boring or what would you say about them? Oh, bro, 100% the videos have helped like I literally said that I had no idea what even FM was before I joined, you know? So, to go from literally zero, not knowing what even the industry is to then having my own clients, making money from that. Like obviously the videos have been massive help. >> Sick. Yeah. And then you just watch them. You just followed exactly what we say in the video. And this is another thing as well. Props to you, bro. is you clearly listen to what we teach because we teach for you to understand the fundamentals and the overview, right? But then really just focus on client acquisition when you're starting out. Don't be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] focusing too much on like how to scale to 200 models and how to have 600 chatters and chatter managers and relationship managers and all these different things. Although yes, these things are important, it's irrelevant if you never get a client. >> Right. Exactly. So, so you genuinely listened exactly what I say, which is focus on the important things, which is client acquisition, get your first client, and then we can focus on the rest. Um, that's what you done. And then, uh, yeah, in your first month, this client, so talk to me a little bit about that. So, you took this client on, um, I think in the first month, you scaled her from about 3K to 6K. Am I right in saying that? >> Yeah, that's right. So, so from $3,000 to 6,000. >> Yes. >> And is it 50% deal? >> Uh, yeah, 50%. >> Cool. So, in your first month with your one client, you made $3,000. Boom. And then um you signed a second one and a third one, I believe, and one left. >> Yeah, I I signed um two others, but they were small literally starting off, but because I'm early doors, I can take those clients on and I can experience. Yeah, exactly. Learned from them. >> Um and then I signed uh an even bigger client, but unfortunately lost it because she wasn't happy with my marketing side. But I'm glad that I went through that because I learned 10 times more than if I'd never signed her at all. You know, >> that's the right mindset, bro. That's the right mindset, 100%. Cuz most people, right, when they're doing it by themselves, they're going to be like, "Ah, this model was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or it's not my fault. She had unexpect uh um expectations that are unreachable and and all these things, but you're like, "Okay, fair enough. Maybe I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a little bit, but moving forward, this is what I've learned from it." So good, man. Bro, you're going to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing at this. I'm telling you now, bro. You're actually going to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great. You're already doing fantastic. Like, you're on a run rate. Do you know Fox inside of the community? Yeah, Fox had the same run rate in his first month. Well, I think his first month he finished on $20,000, but he started off at like three, then six, then 8K, then finished up 20, then it was like 22 or 25, and then it was like 35, then it was like 60, then it was 80, and I think he does over 100K a month now after like four or five months of being inside of the program. And again, no different to you. came in with no experience, no prior models, nothing. Um, so fantastic. So, good. Um I guess just the the last kind of um piece of advice or not advice but just like feedback from you about the uh community, the calls, the actual program itself to anybody watching this um somebody who's maybe in similar shoes as yourself where they've tried drop shipping, e-commerce, whatever, and they haven't quite yet found success and they're on the edge of like maybe I should join the program, maybe I shouldn't, maybe I don't know if it's worth it. Is it real? Is it not? Um what would you say to them? >> Oh yeah, it's 100% worth it. I mean, um, like, where else would you be able to ask questions and get instant replies like that and hop on a call with someone who's doing where you want to be, making the money you want to be in the same industry, and they can give you a straight up answer, and help you out straight away, it's 100% worth it. Same as what you said at the very beginning. If you surround yourself with like your friend that is just obsessed about making money and is always talking about how much money he's going to make, how he's going to make it, when he's going to make it. But if you take it a step further, imagine you surround yourself with 200, 300 people, right, that are also talking about that, but specifically the same business that you're running, which is what you're in, a community. It's just priceless. The amount of times that you can ask them the general chat, the support tickets. Um, and like I said, I see you in the group coaching calls all the time as well, which is good. So, cool. Uh, Josh, thank you so much for joining, bro. Uh, I want to do one of these in about 3 to 6 months for yourself. I think you're going to do very, very big numbers. Just make sure you stay at it. The biggest pitfalls that I see with people, um, is inconsistency. That's number one. Is like they'll get to 30K, 35, 40,000, and assuming the average client is 50%. They now making 15 to $20,000 a month themselves take home. And that's the part if you never made that much amount of money, that's when you feel like a millionaire, right? You're not quite, but you feel like one because now you can live in a nice apartment, you can eat whenever, wherever. You can travel as well, you know? Um, and that's the the scary part is like you should enjoy it. You shouldn't just always lock yourself in a room, but you should like have a balance. I would say like once every 3 months, go out and have a crazy holiday or whatever, but then lock back in again, right? Um, but I'm here every single step of the way, bro. You're going to do great. So cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @markusshussle: check out my documentary investigation into the worlds largest online wealth exchange - https://youtu.be/953MBb0YdzM
  2. @3lijxhh: This is a really long ad
  3. @Cosmic-Sage: Buy my course, buy my course, buy my course - that's all you say in every video
  4. @littsociety: That’s legit exactly how my march looked
  5. @anthonystuck1319: There is an issue with the link to the free course, when I go to access it asks me to pay $997, where would i find the correct link?
  6. @brands_aura: Bruhh. I want to translate you're vedioss in different languages ..

- Indian Creators के लिए OnlyFans Masterclass | Step-by-Step Income Guide 📈Create a YouTube Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine how it would be if you started earning a regular income from your passion and art, and that too directly from fans who truly love your work. Nowadays, platforms like OnlyFans are making this dream a reality for many Indian creators. But the biggest question is how to enter this world from India legally and safely? Today we will understand its complete guide. Yes , that is the biggest question. Can platforms like OnlyFans be used legally and safely in India? This is a question that comes to the mind of almost every creator. Legal issues, social concerns, there is a lot to think about. So, the answer is yes, it is absolutely 100% possible. But yes, there is one condition, one should know the correct and safe method. And in today's conversation, we're going to open that same Safe and Legal playbook. All the steps you can take to build a successful and safe freelance career. All doubts will be cleared. So what are we going to cover today. First of all, we will talk about whether it is legal or not. Then we'll look at how to set up the account and payments. After this, the most important thing is how to create a content strategy. Then what are the rules to stay safe? We will also look at how to grow your brand and income and ultimately what your earning potential is. So let's start with the first and most important question. Legality Is it legal? Look, there is a very simple way to understand this. Think of a hammer. With it you can build a beautiful house and also break someone's window. The fault is not of the hammer but of the person using it. Isn't it ? Similarly, Only Fans is also just a tool and a platform. Whether it is legal or illegal depends on the type of content being uploaded on it. And when it comes to earning, there is a very clear and legal way for that too. Whenever there is income from any international platform in India, it is shown as foreign freelance income in the income tax return. This is not a loophole or anything complicated. This is a completely standard method. Just like any other freelancer declares their earnings. Ok? So the legal side is clear. Now let's move away from theory and come to practical steps. See, a strong foundation is very important for success in any work. And the foundation here is setting up your account and payment system correctly. Creating an account is not as difficult as it seems. It is a fairly straight forward process. First of all, go to the official website and sign up with Gmail, Twitter or Meta. After this comes mandatory ID verification for which anything like passport, Aadhar or driving license will be accepted. Then there will be a small face verification step which is necessary to secure the account and once the verification is done, the account is ready to upload content. Let us now talk about the thing that everyone is waiting for. How will the payment money come into the account ? Since these are international payments, you will need a payment gateway like Payoneer. You can think of it as a bridge between OnlyFans and your Indian bank account. The process is simple. Create a Pioneer account. You have to link it to your creator account. As soon as a minimum of $20 is earned, the money is automatically transferred and reaches your Indian bank account in about two to three days. So the technical setup is done. Now let's come to the real thing. The thing that matters the most. Your content. This is the heart of your entire business. This is what people will subscribe for. So let's see what kind of content can be created here. And this is where all the stereotypes are broken. Yes, forget all of that. This platform is an open field for all kinds of creativity. Are you a hair beauty expert, fitness guru , musician, teacher or chef? Any. Everyone can build an amazing community around their passion. Frankly, the possibilities are endless. Now let me tell you a secret, consistency of growth means posting content continuously. Think of it like your favorite web series. You know when the new episode will come, right? Do you wait? Just a weekly schedule does the same for its fans. This creates an excitement. It makes them want to come back again and again and that connection becomes even stronger. Let us now talk about the most important aspect. Safety. There are some non-negotiable rules to work legally and safely from India. Meaning these rules have to be followed. Consider these as the foundation of your career. Think of these rules as a safety checklist. Following every single rule means protecting your brand and your career. So rule number one and most important is absolutely no 18 plus or adult content. Apart from this, one has to remain professional. Use copyright-free music and photos , speak politely with followers, always declare your earnings as foreign freelance income, and only use secure payment gateways like PayOne or Wise. It's not just rules. This is the blueprint for a long term successful business. And yes, let me give you a small but very powerful tip to set the right tone from Day One. Please add this line to your bio. Legal Safe Exclusive Indian Creator Content. This line gives a very clear message to your audience. This builds trust and attracts the right kind of followers who value safe and exclusive content. Ok? So now our account is set up. The content strategy is also ready and we also know the safety rules. So now let's talk about growth. How to grow from just a few subscribers to a full-blown brand with multiple income streams. Let us now understand these strategies. See your Only Fans page is your main hub, your headquarters. But roads will have to be built to bring people there. So use your other social media platforms as marketing channels. Create reels and post teasers on Instagram. Showcase behind-the-scenes content on YouTube Shots and create a broadcast channel on Telegram or WhatsApp for your core fans. And of course, never forget the power of collaboration. Partnering with other creators can be the fastest way to reach new audiences. A smart creator never depends on just one income source. Subscription is your foundation. But real growth comes from diversifying income. Think like a business person. In addition to subscriptions, tips, paper view content, brand sponsorships and affiliate marketing. All these are great ways of earning income. Every new stream strengthens your financial security. So now let us come to the question which is probably in everyone's mind since the beginning. How much money can you earn brother? What is the earning potential? Let's now look at some real numbers to get a realistic idea of what's possible here. These numbers are like a target. A goal to work towards. Of course this is just an estimation. The actual earnings depend on your niche, the quality of your content, and how strong your community is. It will depend on all these things. But it shows what can be achieved with dedication and the right strategy. So if the entire strategy has to be summed up in one line then it is that quality plus consistency is equal to real money. High-quality content, if created consistently, becomes a real and long-term source of income. This is the simplest yet most powerful formula for success. So finally, a question to ask yourself. What is that skill, talent or passion that can be shared with the world? Is there a skill that can become the foundation of a successful career? And will he find fans who are ready to support him ? The possibilities are right in front of you. It's just a matter of exploring them.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Uhu4 [1 likes]: But jo poonam panday jaise creator h wo toh 18+ content dalte h toh unko jail wagera kyu nhi hoti?
  2. @Pitscare [1 likes]: Wah kya explain Kiya sir apne❤🎉
  3. @Uhu4: India me koi police wolice ka scene toh nhi hoga na agar ispe content dalte h kuch bhi toh or banks acc toh bnd nhi kr dege agar unko bht jyada payment aate dikhi other countries se khi koi govt ki trf se toh ghr nhi ayega?
  4. @Pitscare: Kya hm fettish type content use kar sakte hai ?

- FASTEST WAY TO $10K/mo - ONLYFANS CREATORS GUIDE: Kind: captions Language: en If you just started an Only Fans account or you've recently founded an agency, your biggest concern is probably how to get to 10K as simple and fast as possible. And what I'm going to be going over is not a get-rich overnight or make money quick scheme. There's no such thing as overnight success. But there is a way to be more efficient and faster than 99% of the competition. So that video right here is going to be your common threat to accomplish that goal without any complicated, expensive, or only temporary working method. So if we break it down roughly, we're going to have the marketing aspect. We have the relationship management or chatting side of things. There's going to be the account management, so the management and actions you're going to perform on all your accounts. And there's going to be the data analysis and the datadriven adjustments on your strategy. I'm not going to cover profile and funnel optimization cuz I've already did that in my conversion rate optimization video or the OF beginner's guide. Go and watch these two videos first if you feel like you're not quite at that stage yet. So, let's start with the marketing aspect, which is predominantly going to be short form content. Why are we choosing this method to market ourselves or the models we're working with? Because it is the simplest, fastest, and highest leverage of marketing in the space. I've already covered this in my other videos. I've been going over why it is the one and only when it comes to generating traffic. So, what you're going to do is you're going to select four to five content verticals like certain types of street style interviews, certain types of public dances, comedy skits, whatever. You're going to choose verticals you feel comfortable doing that make sense for you and that have been proven to be able to go viral. And after selecting these content verticals, you're going to make sure that you're going to post at least 30 times a week. And you're going to be posting those videos on Tik Tok, YouTube, and Instagram. Do your research on content to see what works. Establish an understanding of why a certain video is working well, why it's getting a long watch time and therefore a lot of views, why it's getting comments, why does it get shared, etc., etc. So, you're going to create a Google Sheets or an Excel. And in the first column, there's going to be the links to the videos. In the second column, you're going to write what kind of vertical you think that is. And in the third column, you're going to be writing down why you think this piece of content has been going viral. That way, you're going to be left with a ton of verticals to test out for yourself. You're going to understand what good content is, and you're going to have a good picture, a path laid out in front of you when it comes to how to market your only fans correctly. Because all you have to do after you've done your research is to select four to five content verticals, make a content schedule, stick to it, and then pump out as much content as you can. This is effectively the input you're going to make when it comes to marketing. So there's one input which is creating short form content and there's three platforms where you can get an output from Tik Tok, YouTube and Instagram. And again this whole process will show you how these different platforms work. What works best on Tik Tok, what works best on YouTube shorts. All of these things you're going to have to develop an understanding of these platforms. Also I suggest you to watch my videos about IG and Tik Tok because you do want to know the platforms a bit before you start working on them. So the next thing is going to be what we call RSM, relationship management, also called chatting. Why do we call it relationship management instead of chatting? Well, you're not just chatting to a guy, hey, you want to buy this? No. Okay, bye. No, you're building and managing a genuine relationship with the subscriber or at least the illusion of it if you want to see it that way. Now, relationship management is going to be a difficult one to put in such a short video because first of all, I could be talking about it for like 8 hours without exaggerating. And secondly, if you're an agency owner, especially at the beginning stages, I would actually suggest you to outsource the whole relationship management to a chatting agency and focus on all the other stuff first. And if you're a creator, I would outsource it anyway because relationship management is a 24/7 job. And you shouldn't even be wasting one single minute by talking to a subscriber. So, as a creator, you're not going to be able to message your fans as often as you would need to, which basically gives you two options. One, you build out your own team of relationship managers, and two, you outsource it to an agency, which will probably make a lot of you click off for this video, but it is what it is. Agencies exist and work fantastically for a reason. If you have the time and nerf to do it all by yourself, then be my guest. But long-term, it's going to be a pretty hard thing to do because, in my opinion, as a creator, you should be able to focus all your time and energy into creating content. Now, management of your accounts. This refers to OAF, Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube. For only fans, I highly suggest you to use inflow because you can set up multiple and delayed welcome messages for when someone subscribes. You can also make notes of each fan that stick to the chat. So each time you or one of your relationship managers is talking to a fan, all the information about the fan is instantly going to be available. It's going to make you talk to him differently and more personal because you know everything about him, which is then going to make him think that you actually care about him, which is therefore going to make him spend more money longterm. When it comes to the Only Fans wall posts, they should all be scheduled so you can get it out of your head. So just take a couple of hours, shoot like 50 to 100 pieces of content and then schedule these posts for the next couple months or so. Only fans wall post is something which is only going to distract you if it's always in the back of your head. So in a nutshell when it comes to your Only Fans profile, the only two things you're going to have to take care of is the messaging and the wall post scheduling. Now let's continue with Instagram. Apart from posting short form content, obviously you're going to have to be posting daily stories because your followers on IG are all potential subscribers that just have to see you every day for a bit longer until they finally subscribe. They need the feeling of knowing you to a certain extent. Maybe they just need to engage with you a couple of times before they subscribe. And stories are a key element of that process to happen. Go and add them to your close friend story so they feel like someone finally has acknowledged their existence. When it comes to Tik Tok, it's just about posting the short from content you've created and going live as many times you can. You can go live on Tik Tok for as many times and as long as you want. There's literally no limit. No stories or anything else needed on Tik Tok. Just post a short form content you've created. Go live for as many times as you can and be consistent with it. YouTube is posting only. No lives, no stories, nothing. Just post your short form content and gather all the data on your performance. Which leads me to the last point of this video. Data analysis and reasonable datadriven adjustments on your strategy. Datadriven changes are the only kind of changes you should ever consider to make because always chasing for the next big thing, always switching things up based on emotions is absolute garbage and it won't contribute to success. Which is the reason why we're doing data analysis. And basically what I want you guys to do is to track every single measurable value on your posts on Tik Tok, YouTube, and Instagram. And when I say all the data, I mean all of it. Likes, shares, saves, views, comments, watch time, retention rate, clicks onto the profile, everything. And after a time period of 6 weeks, you're going to have more than enough reliable data on each content vertical and how it was performing on all the different platforms. And this data is going to be more valuable than anything else. When it comes to this business, you'll understand content. You're going to understand the platforms you're working on, and you're going to be able to replace the bad performing content verticals, replace them with something new, and repeat the cycle. That way, it's going to be inevitable for the views to go up over time. And essentially, this is all you need to do to get an account to 10K a month. Get your marketing game right by doing enough research, sticking to your content verticals, and posting at least 30 times a week on each platform. Point number three, the account management. So, post daily stories on Instagram, go live as often as you can on Tik Tok, schedule the post on OF, and post short form content on all the short form platforms. And lastly, you get your performance data to redefine your content strategy. You probably don't want to understand how important and valuable this is, but I promise you it's going to help you so much more than anything else. Everyone can lay out a path in front of you. Everyone can teach you the basic principles, but you're going to be the one who actually has to initiate the process of learning the ins and outs of content, the ins and outs about marketing and the ins and out about this business as a whole. Overall, the biggest tip I can give you is to stop shielding your inaction with your alleged hunger for more knowledge and information. Just do the things I've told you to do without any exceptions and you'll probably see your account at 10K before even initiate in the second 6 week cycle. So, start now, put in the work. See you in the next one. The world is yours.