- Onlyfans Fansly Creator Launch Checklist | Do Before You Start!!: Kind: captions Language: en [music] If you are planning to just open an Only Fans, post some pictures, and wait for the money to roll on in, honey, this episode is going to save you from a world of disappointment because I'm going to walk you through the real necessary prelaunch launch checklist. This is what every new creator needs to have in place before going live. That is, of course, if you want your fans to not just show up, but stick around and pay. All righty, y'all. Before we dig into this, I'm not sure if you guys can tell as clearly as I can feel, but I am a little bit sick. We are working off quite a gnarly bug. Um, normally I would wait until I don't sound quite as much as a man, but this is what happens when you don't batch create and schedule content. You get sick and you get stuck having to do a audio podcast episode cuz if I had to go on video right now, I think I would die. But what do you say we talk today about the pre-launch platform checklist? And not even platform, just pre-launch checklist for getting into adult content creation. Today we are talking brand clarity, content prep, pricing, safety, and mother trucking systems. If you are just starting in the industry or even if you're just looking to branch into new territory as a current creator, these are the things you need to be thinking about, y'all. So, grab your notes or if you want to save yourself some handwriting time, go check out the full written post on this over on the creators spicy tea Patreon. Yeah, y'all. I'll be honest. I'm something like three, four, I think four years into this. Yeah, just about four. Y'all, this is the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I wish someone would have told me before I started. So, let's get the hell into it. The very first thing you need to lock in is you. Who are you? Who are you as a creator? That means your brand, your niche, and your persona. Now, here's the thing. I get this question all the time. when someone comes to me for coaching or mentorship and it is always, well, what should my niche be? I don't know what my niche or my brand is. I'm going to be so honest with you and you're going to hate me. I can't tell you that. I know that sucks. I am the worst. I will take that. But I can help you figure it out. So think of your niche as what you are and think of your brand as how you present. So your niche might be those unchangeable things about you and your content strategy. Think things like your body type, content category, the kind of fetishes you cater to, things like that. But your brand is the styling, the attitude, the vibe you give with your clients. That's the part of you that can likely and will likely shape and evolve over time. So, something I found the easiest way to figure this out, and I need to credit, I believe it's Melrose Michaels who I first saw this from. I believe stop trying to throw random words at yourself and just hoping the spaghetti noodle sticks to the cabinet. Put your brand and your niche into a sentence or two. For me, that was so much easier than thinking of descriptors. So, for example, for myself, my sentence or two is, "I am the petite tatted up alternative general fetish creator." And y'all, I'm that girl next door. I know I seem shy as hell, but I have a wild kinky side. And I will be your best godamn friend and your biggest wet dream. I promise you. All right, break that down really quick. that shows my brand as the alternative girl next door. That's kind of like my aesthetic, but with that secret kinky side who's going to treat my clients like they're my best friend. Those are all my vibes. And it shows my niche as the petite tattooed general fetish creator. Those sentences or that sentence tells us what you make, how you show up, and why someone would want to subscribe. Next part of deciding who we are is deciding our content model very early on. If you aren't sure what all the content models are out there, that's you and me both, honey, cuz there are too many. But for a quick rundown on some of the main ones, check out the post over on creatorspicy tea.co. It's titled Choosing Your Business Models in Adult Content Creation. I will link it in the box, but it breaks everything down step by step by step. So ask yourself, are you trying to build a subscription page that monetizes passively with content drops, or are you online and camming and performing live services? Or are you primarily selling custom content, maybe panties? research the most common models and decide on which one or which combination of those are going to be the best fit for you. And I'll tell you right now, for most creators, it's always a combination. We should never put our eggs into one basket or business model. The next aspect of figuring out who we are is defining our boundaries and our limits. What will we and what won't we do? And what will and what will we not allow others to do around you or to you? Y'all don't wait until someone DMs you with some wild [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and is pushing your boundaries to figure that out. Because at that point, if you did not clearly communicate your boundaries anywhere, honey, it's not their fault. They didn't know at that point unless they push, in which casem not in this house. But I will say one of the most important things I tell people who come to me for coaching or mentorship and they're just at their beginning is they need to know their limits. They need to know their boundaries. They need to know what that is today before they start. I am talking protect your own peace that way. The same thing goes with privacy. Are you going to show your face? Do you have tattoos or birtharks that could easily identify you? Are you ever going to mention your location or your relationship status? Get clear with that in yourself right now and decide right now how much of yourself you're willing to share because honey, you get to decide that. And no, you don't need to tell your fans every goddamn detail about your boundaries, but you do need to communicate the key ones up front. So, for example, if you don't do meetups, say no IRL in your pinned post or in your limits and in your terms. And that one sentence could save you dozens, if not hundreds of awkward conversations later. I do highly suggest making your limits and terms public to buyers and subscribers. Personally, I have them on my own web page, on my own personal domain. And now, let's get juicy with it. What makes you different, honey? Like really sit sit with yourself and look and analyze what makes you you. There are hundreds of thousands of girly pops and boys out there selling content online, but there is one you. So, what makes that one you tick? Put it in your bio. Make it obvious in your content. Mention it on social media. For an example of this, my bio on most of my social platforms that I'm active on uh is usually something along the lines of hiker, baker, hobby photographer, lover of rope and lingerie, and a girl who takes too many damn pictures of herself. What I decided was going to make me different and what was going to make me stand out is I'm just going to do this at an angle of my whole self. I am going to sell my whole true self and not create a persona. Y'all, I tried. I couldn't keep it up. I don't know how you guys do it. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goddesses and kings alike. But if we look at the bio I just spit out, it kind of tells you who I am through and through. It shows aspects of my whole self, like my hobbies and my passions, while still leaning towards the fact that, y'all, I'm making content over here. Come get some. Another part of picking your persona and your brand is picking your stage name that matches your vibes. And what you need to do once you have your stage name, get every social media platform in the world. just go go make an account with that username. I don't care if you're going to use it or not. Just go get it. And you know what I would say? Do the same on every adult content platform as well. Even if you're not sure you'll even ever use that platform, this does two things for you. First, it saves it for you. So that if 2 years from now you decide, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe I should do Instagram, you have it. It's there. You have that brand recognition crossplatform. The second thing it does is make sure nobody can take your username on any platform, start stealing your content and catfishing as you. The same thing kind of goes for your visuals. Choose an aesthetic and stick with that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Think of your colors, your captions, your fonts, your watermarks, your editing style. You want people to scroll past your post and instantly say, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know that." before they even see you in that post. There is one creator I always very specifically think of for this and that is Saraphina Vixen who we did have on our podcast at the very beginning of this year. She opened the year for us. She has always been very edgy style RGB lit photos. Now anytime I'm scrolling social and I see a hint of RGB, I'm like, "Oh, there's Saraphina. I know it is." I'm looking for her. I'm guessing it's her before I even see the subject of the image because she has nailed that down as her aesthetic. All righty, we're going to switch gears and we're going to talk about setting up your actual platform. First thing you got to do, get your ID verification and your banking set up. Don't wait, honey. You want to be paid on day one, not 3 days later when your docs get approved finally. Besides that, lots of platforms aren't even going to let you post until you have your ID verification done. Once that's handled, upload a profile picture and a banner that are on brand and high quality and align with that platform's terms of service. Y'all read the terms of service. Please, for the love of God, that is a legal contract that you are signing. Your banner should be a bit of like a tease for what's inside, right? And your profile picture should be very high quality and scroll stopping. And they should both scream you. Then you want to write a bio that sells y'all. What do they get? How often do you post? Who are you? Why should someone subscribe? If you're like me and you find writing bios to be pretty much the same level of torture as a 10day cold or, you know, bamboo under your fingernails, I got you, honey. I got you. Once again, we have a completely publicly available resource titled writing the bestselling about me for creators over on creatorspic.co in the resource library. Okay. [snorts] Then if you're going for a platform, what's your subscription model? Are you going to do a free page and just do PPV on it? Are you doing a paid page? Are you going to have multiple pages or be on a platform where you can have multiple tiers? Know this before you launch. Get it set up and ready before anybody steps foot in your space. Do the construction before you open the doors. You know what I mean? We see the question a lot. Should I have a paid page or a free page? I can't tell you. I know. I suck. Again, both paid and free pages are valid, but they work so very differently. With a paid page, sure, you're earning immediately through subscribers joining, but you have to then justify that cost with the amount of content you put out. However, with a free page, it's more about making irresistible PPV drops and driving tips through services in DMs. Then once you got all that decided, go get in your settings. We're going to go tinker with her. I recommend hiding like and subscriber count at first. At least that's what I did when I very first started on Only Fans. and then change it to public when you have a little bit of account there. You should also set up a auto welcome message. Give people something to respond to when they join, even if your ass is not online. Often in welcome messages, you'll see combinations of content types such as maybe a free welcome audio or video or image alongside maybe a PPV video or photo set at a discounted rate. Definitely definitely make sure you have your menu included in that welcome message or at the very least pin that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the top of your page. If people don't know they can order from you other types of content, they won't make it visible. All righty, switching gears again. I know we're going through this kind of crazy fast, but from what I'm guessing, this is going to be very long. We got a lot to go through, but we're going to talk content. Now, [snorts] please don't launch a page with nothing on it or, you know, one picture and maybe a video. You need a library. Ideally, two weeks worth. And okay, I hear you. Two weeks worth. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does that mean? How much does that equal in like media account, right? Hear me go. What I mean by that is if you intend to post on your page twice a day, the day you open your page, you should already have 28 pieces of content posted, ready to go. Not scheduled, posted. Because nobody wants to join a completely empty page, especially if you're doing a subscription model. Say somebody pays $20 the first day you open your account and there's nothing there. They're going to feel like, "Why did I just pay $20?" And try and mix it up. You know, use different outfits, backgrounds, like locations, content types. Alternate between spicy and soft, long videos, teaser pics. Variety is both the spice of life, but it is also the spice of scrolling, you guys. Too much redundancy and a viewer is going to tune out. And that is the exact opposite of what we want. And for the love of lighting, use good light. Even a cheaper ring light or a window can change everything. I don't know if everyone saw, but heads up, we did a full video breakdown on lighting over on the Creators Spicy Tea YouTube channel. So, pop over there and check that out. I'll try and remember to link that bad boy below, too. Next, when we're talking content, there's one thing we need to talk more important than everything else. Watermark your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That is a golden rule. Watermark your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from day one. I do not care if you have zero followers yet. Content thieves don't care either. Maybe maybe I should make a video on this experience and let me know down below if I should. But before I was even selling content, my selfies were being stolen. And not long ago, I saw up close and very personally the pain and the damage that comes from someone using your content to catfish someone else. The concept of watermarking might be a bit big to tackle cuz I know it's technical and creative all at the same time. I got you. Pop over to the resource library on creatorspicy.co. There is a post titled watermarks, the what, why, and how for content protection. Please, I will try and link that below. Y'all, if I don't link everything, you can come scream at me. You can yell in the comments. I will I will I will fix it. And when it comes to content creation, batch that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whenever you can. Batch content creation will save your life. Trust me, your future self will thank you. You know what? How did I open this episode? Damn, I wish I would have batched because now I am sick at 3:00 a.m. recording a podcast episode. Once you have all your content created, first off, hell yeah. That is a hard first hurdle. Be proud. The next step, plan a posting schedule that you can actually stick to. That is how you stay consistent and avoid burnout. Very excitingly, y'all. cuz I'm I'm proud I made this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Over in the Creative Spicy Key Shop, I did just launch a content log, content planner, and visual calendar all in one Google sheet that autopop populates if you want to go check that out. Switching gears once again, let's talk money. That's what we want to hear. Set your pricing. If you're charging for a subscription, I promise you one of the hardest things you will have to do is decide what price to charge for access. There are pricing guides out there for this. I helped make them, so I know they're there. Pop over to the resource library again on creatorspicet.co. There's a post labeled um oh shoot I think it is called pricing your adult content the road map. I'm going link her I'm going to link her day into her you guys. She's so incredibly helpful especially for subscription pricing for 2025. We found that the average market value ranges from $10 to $20 monthly, but price it based on the actual amount of energy and capital you intend to put in. And then make the decision how much you should get back. And please remember, hi, I don't care if it's your first day. If it is your first day, hey, welcome to content. It's wild. You're going to love it. First day or not, you're worth premium pricing. Period. End of story. All right, moving over to like oneoff services. Think like PPV or payper view messaging, which is done usually in DMs, and things like customs, your ratings, a photo set. Know what every single one of those services will cost right now. It could not have been very long ago, but we just did a huge YouTube video on setting up our tip menus. So, pop over to the YouTube channel for Creator Spicy Tea for that as well. But for pricing all those individual services, I highly suggest still popping over to the pricing content resource road map. She'll help you. I promise. Once you have your prices, write that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down. Write that down into a menu and then put that in a pinned post on your platform and on any safe to do so socials. Don't, honey, don't wing it when someone messages you. you will end up underelling yourself. Or if you're like me, at my beginning, before I knew what the hell a menu was, you're just going to stress your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. And remember, platforms take a cut. Platforms aren't the only one taking a cut. Taxes are real. Save about 30 to 35% of what you earn. And get familiar with write offs, too. But seriously though, you guys, taxes count in this industry. I don't care if you're being paid on Only Fans or a wishlist site like Throne. The IRS does not give half a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how you made your money, just so long as they get their piece of the pie. And it's a big piece of the pie. So, start setting things aside as you earn. And it doesn't hurt come tax season if you keep your bank account separate. So, one for spicy income and expenses and one for personal. Now, let's treat list like what it go darn is a business. Start a CRM. Track your sales and your client information. Treat that like it's your bible. I do. Y'all know we have the client and order tracker CRM or client relation manager over on the creator spicy tea shop. You should also be tracking your expenses, your current orders, and organize your content from day one. Title your content. Trust me. Please trust me because I now have four years of content labeled XY372. I'm so screwed. I'm going to have to spend days organizing. But keep that all organized and then think about forming a LLC eventually. Don't feel like you have to do it day one though or even month one. What matters right now is you treating your content like a product you're selling. And just one note about LLC's, tax cuts. Yeah, they don't come with it. Uh-uh. But legal and financial protection does to hit those tax cuts if that's what you're going for. You're going to have to start filing as an escorp or that is a option to do so. But that's normally only suggested once you're consistently bringing in at minimum 60 to 80k a year. I think it was. Y'all hear me when I say it. The expenses for a S corp is insane. At the same time though, them tax cuts are so pretty. When it comes to client interaction, honey, respond to fans with respect. So much respect and consistency. which somebody point a mirror at me and tell me to do that better. Post when you say you're going to post. Deliver customs in a timely manner. That kind of professionalism goes such a long way in this space. And make datadriven decisions, y'all. You don't have to do guesswork when you have data. Check your analytics. What's getting you the most engagement? What kind of flopped? You know, adjust your strategy based on data, not vibes and internal panic. I did that for a year. It's exhausting. And prepare for slow days. It takes time. I left Only Fans at top 2 or 3%. But it didn't happen overnight. For me, it was months of consistent daily hustle before things were taking off. Last part of this, we're talking promo. You need your social accounts before you launch. Get your Twitter set up, your Reddit, your Blue Sky, your Tik Tok, your Insta, whatever. Use the same stage name across all of them as well. That creates brand recognition. And then safety safety, you make sure that those spicy accounts are in no way tied to your personal socials. Get your bio up, get your link up there, your visuals ready. Platforms like Instagram and Tik Tok definitely are not going to let you post adult content site links directly. Get a link hosting site or your own domain. That's what I did. Plan your teasers, your safe for work pictures, your teaser clips, everything, captions. Make everything to make people curious, make people interested, and make sure you have a steady stream of content that drives traffic without getting your account nuked. Use scheduling tools. Personally, I am a absolute fiend for fan growth.io. I'm going to put my affiliate link below because y'all need to check them out. I use her for fansly and Reddit. It lets me post in advance so I can actually be a human being, you know, and not just focusing on, okay, it is 3:03 a.m. It really is. It is 3:03 a.m. What is the best subreddit that I could post on in this exact time? No, that's exhausting. I hate that phase. No. Instead, I spend about 2 hours every 2 to 3 weeks scheduling, and I don't have to think about it anymore. Here is the truth. Marketing does not stop after launch day. You're going to be promoting regularly, consistently, and creatively. General rule of thumb we hear pretty often is 70% promotion, 30% content creation. Personally in my business that'd be wild sauce. I could not. Um, but I do generally focus on direct sales and live services. But as someone who is starting a platform or a cam site, etc., you should be expecting to be promoting more than just about anything else. Promotion content and then the scheduling and everything. It takes a lot of time. And you guys, the last note I'm going to give, not every post should end in subscribe now or here's my link. No, it gets boring and it gets spammy. No, show your personality. Show you or your persona. Be human. Build connection. Use your captions and your copy and your promotional content to forge curiosity, interest, and connection before they even reach out to join your page. That is what is going to get them and keep them hooked. Okay, that was so much. That was a lot, you guys. And I know I sound miserable. I probably sound so much worse now than I did at the beginning. If you just follow this checklist, if you just dot your eyes and cross your tees now, if you treat your only fans or fansly or camsite or whatever launch like the actual goddamn business that it actually goddamn is, you're going to already be miles ahead of most people. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're going to be miles ahead of where I was when I started. I did zero zero research. Big regret. Big regret. Don't just start an Only Fans or a Fansley or a ChatterBait or whatever. Don't just start something. No, build it. And if you need help creating your business plan, content calendar, your pricing strategy, whatever, check the description box for all the links to all the resources I mentioned. And if you need someone to sit down with, another human with a spicy brain like mine, and talk and bounce ideas and get help, we can do that together. I'll put the link for my scheduling calendar down below as well for my coaching and my mentorship. All right, you have a plan, you have a strategy, all that's left now is go get your damn bag. Thank you for sitting with me, you guys, and tolerating my sick ass. I hope you guys are so good and so safe and so sane. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as sane as we can be in this year of kale 2025. But I hope you're flourishing. Thanks y'all.

- How To Make Bank On Fansly? E01 Get Your Content Organized: Kind: captions Language: en with our own fancy profile my wife and I were able to gain 1700 followers 45 subscribers and a total of 20K likes in our first five weeks on fancling WE achieved this with no social media following whatsoever and without promoting anywhere else but on the fancy platform itself if we can do it you can do it as well and I will walk you through every single step you need to know in order to achieve exactly the same I'm the summary guy and you are about to find out how to make banks on fancy thank you everything my wife and I did can be put into five steps first we optimize your content on your computer in the second step we will transfer all your content to the fancy platform itself in step 3 we will take a look at your fancy profile from the perspective of a fancy user and go through all important settings in Step 4 you will find out which brands to use created by artificial intelligence for free in the final episode we will put together everything and now without any further Ado let's get started please take a look at this folder structure my wife and I use for our fancy profile as you can see currently we have enough content for 25 days each holder stands for one day and they all have two subfolders named one and two it depends on the number of videos you already have but you want to make sure that each of them contains two subfolders where you want to put your ppv content in now let's talk about your video content basically you want to spread your video ppb contents between the following we categories Eve costume videos Happy solo videos and happy couple videos here's an example let's assume you have a total of 23 videos after grouping them together correctly you will find yourself with nine Eve costume videos seven happy solo videos and six happy couple videos your Eve costume videos will be named with a number between 101 and 199. your happy solo videos on the other hand will be named between 201 and 299 and your happy couple videos will be named between 301 and 399. now please create your own folder structure including all subfolders for a total of 10 days on your computer simply stop this video and continue when you're finished now all that's left for you is to fill your already created folder Library like this start with day one and put your video number 201 in the first subfolder then put video 301 in the second subfolder in addition Video 101 goes into subfolder 1 and video 102 into subfolder 2 as well now continue as shown here Day 2 202 into 1 and 302 into two just pay close attention to the animation or wait for the results afterwards we send out an eve costume video with almost every ppb message for free because it's a very strong method to surprise and excite your subscribers they pay for a happy Solo or happy couple video and don't expect to get an additional video this will encourage them to keep purchasing your ppvs plus it's super easy to make Eve custom videos when you need more okay done as you can see the video content of our example is enough for ppv messages sent out twice for six days in a row but for now we are actually not done yet in fact we would have a severe problem if we stopped at this point think about it at the moment you only have your captions to convert Vince a potential buyer of your ppv message to actually spend money that's not enough at all and because censored preview videos are the perfect way to tease your free followers into becoming paid subscribers we're going to create two types of preview videos of each happy solo and each happy couple video you already have and the best app to get this done as fast as possible is adobe's Premiere Pro so let's go [Music] in Premiere Pro you first want to click on the workspace button select editing now drag and drop your first video into the window in the lower left corner right click on it and select new secrets from clip now and move the playhead to a position in your video which you find suitable for a 10 second preview video then press I to Mark the endpoint of your preview video now click on the time field on the left add 10 seconds and adjust the numbers according to what is displayed in your case the playhead will move exactly 10 seconds to the right simultaneously now press o to Mark the output of your preview video in the lower left window click this little arrow and select effects type bits into the search field and select a filter called Full to Legal range 10 bit make sure you have your video selected then hit Commando Ctrl M to open the export settings you can leave almost everything as it is only click here on video click the button more activate render at maximum depth and use maximum render quality now scroll down to your bitrate settings and change the value to 8. check your output folder and rename your file to 301 space preview and then hit export after only a few seconds your first preview video should be created now go back by clicking on editing in the upper left corner and navigate to the effects Tab and type blur we are looking for an effect called gaussian blur drag and drop it onto your video in the timeline on the right now navigate to the effect settings tab in the upper left workspace change the blur value to 120 when you're happy with the result hit Commando Ctrl M again this time you only have to change your file's name to a 301 space blurred space preview and then hit export again and after only a few seconds more you will have successfully created both a clear preview as well as a blur preview video of your first ppv video file make sure to put them in the correct folders and repeat each step with all your other videos as well I went through this tedious work myself so I know how boring this is trust me but hey no pain no gain right and you will see it's definitely worth it let me prove this to you by showing you our stats and earnings to be honest I did not expect these numbers to be that high but it's true that we gained another 2 800 followers in the last 3 weeks and again we never ever promoted anywhere else but on the fancy platform please feel free and check our directly if you like as you can see it definitely works because currently we are among the top 1.21 of all fancy creators worldwide and in the last 30 days we have earned a total of 900 approximately and I have to admit it's quite cool to have 30 or 40 dollars more in our bank account every other day in the next episode we're going to take our folder structure and transfer it to fancy for now that's it for today's video If you enjoyed watching it stay busy until we meet again and most importantly don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshuaheise7293 [14 likes]: Thankyou finally a real YouTube video where I can learn something right
  2. @kaysenstephens [12 likes]: Super insightful, thanks! Organizing content is a game-changer. I've been using boost app social to streamline my socials alongside Fansly. It's a lifesaver for keeping my IG feed and stories fresh and engaging. Props for sharing these tips!
  3. @MiaSmithASMR [4 likes]: Loving the episodes upto 3 atm watching them now 😊...
Do you schedule/ reuse the "old" stuff you have planned for 30days etc...the content used in day 1 when would you use it again?
  4. @MJM-je7cp [4 likes]: That was great video . Thanks
  5. @gabiggray [4 likes]: That’s a very impressive video!
  6. @kirstymclean3472 [3 likes]: What's an eva costume ?
  7. @the_wild_woman_witness [3 likes]: You are really helping this community. thank you. very quality videos, direct actionable direction that make a big difference
  8. @LeilaRoseWinters [2 likes]: I am so excited for this! Thank you.
  9. @beautymillionaire [2 likes]: I need traffic in my fansly !! 🎉
  10. @kittykitty7054 [2 likes]: They approved my application does that means I can start making content already ?
  11. @bbmb_music2051 [1 likes]: digga ich check diese ordner immer noch nicht aber die mukke ist geil haha
  12. @ivonnevaladezbasso1123 [1 likes]: thank you
  13. @SimplyNaiAsia [1 likes]: I do fansly
  14. @laurenlandrey6257 [1 likes]: What is Eve costume videos mean? Thank you!
  15. @vamos_a_hablar [1 likes]: Excellent video. Excellent
  16. @ZillyMilli [1 likes]: This video is a cheat code thank you bro! me & @surron.Girl hit top 3.2% in our first 20 days. 77 followers, 26 Subs @ $20 Per Sub!
  17. @GoddessJadeMilfshake [1 likes]: Im a solo artist. Im trying to get this together
  18. @martiniloganmartinilogan83 [1 likes]: So what if you're  using a phone or tablet  does it work same way ??
  19. @ImADogToo: Do the folder step in 30 seconds. ENTER THIS PROMPT INTO CHATGPT and it will generate the folders named accordingly with two AM / PM folders in each one. You then simply download the zipped file to your computer to the location you desire your fansly content. 

"Hi ChatGPT, please create a ZIP file that contains 31 folders labeled "DAY 1" through "DAY 31". 

Inside each "DAY X" folder, create two subfolders named "AM" and "PM".

Once the structure is complete, please compress it into a ZIP file and give me a download link for it."
  20. @Ronmelissa: Me and my wife are new on fansly come check us out. We could really use the support.Humblecouple

- My Top 5 Tips for Starting OnlyFans (from someone who made $100k in the first 3 months): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel so good to see you i want to very quickly before i even say my introduction just let you guys know i did change my name on social media across all platforms to protect my privacy a little bit more in the future did not anticipate the growth that i've experienced so welcome back to my channel i want to introduce myself as marie you guys can call me marie d marie and on my nsfw content i go by marie with double d i just love it today i want to talk about my top tips to getting started on only fans to maximize your profit in the first few months a lot of you have already seen my video how i made 100k in three months on only fans and i just want to give you guys really simple easy to follow basic tips to get started on only fans at the end full transparency i'm going to give you a little sales pitch to join my fansly blog which includes all of my only fans advice and way more than that i actually give like ppv examples tip menu examples methods to retain subs methods to get subs that automatically subscribe with renewal even like how to sell underwear just anything and everything to do with only fans i go through it detail by detail screenshots every day of what i'm actually doing and so much more i'll go into that a little bit more at the end ultimately i just want this to be a really quick and fun video to give you a few things you can do to get started today if you're thinking about getting into only fans so let's get into it my first tip is even if you think you might want to do only fans in the future it is just a little thought in your mind you are not sure and if you're just considering it very lightly i want you to do the following do you start twitter account i want you to start a reddit account i want you to start a tick tock account and an instagram account if you already have any of these accounts focus on them more post more consistently put some time even if it's just two or three hours every week making content for them put some time into the content on these platforms start now a lot of people assume that i had a huge following when i started only fans i didn't maybe a little more than 15k on instagram i didn't have any followers on twitter i didn't even have a reddit account and my tick tock account was banned had zero ticked followers furthermore when i did get my account back weeks later i did not post about of on it because jesus i'm scared of getting banned again i don't think people give me credit for the effort i put into to really bump my my following up once i did start only fans i wish i had started all of this sooner all of my growth sooner on the other platforms like twitter and reddit and even instagram i just didn't take it seriously i didn't think it would turn anything it was so hard to monetize my social medias i still think it's really hard to monetize social media so start today do twitter you don't have to post sexy chit just start growing your following start going on reddit and learning how it works because it is so complicated but it's worth learning so go on reddit start using it casually on subjects that you care about build your karma build your following on twitter start posting consistently on instagram give yourself a challenge to post one tick tock a day for 30 days and see how much you grow it will work tik tok is is a really great platform to grow on that's my tip number one start growing your social medias today even if you don't know if you want to start online just start today second tip that i have for you is invest in yourself and invest in your business once you decided you do want to start onlyfam obviously you need to get verified on the platform more importantly you need to be in a place where you feel confident and empowered so that you can make beautiful content that people are going to want to pay for get yourself a new skincare routine a new makeup routine get your hair done whatever you want to do to give yourself kind of like a rebranding moment really kick start your confidence whatever style you want to take give yourself that little boost of confidence by investing in yourself i also mean investing in your business which would be your tripod your camera or if you want just to use your iphone make sure you upgrade upgraded to the new iphone invest in some ring lights i suggest multiple i suggest panel lights once you get more experience some soft box lights i have all this information on my family too invest in your outfits invest in whatever's going to make you feel sexy because that's going to give you the motivation to start so that's my second tip invest in yourself and your business to get started it's like anything in life you get out of it what you put in so put in something valuable take yourself seriously and go ahead and invest in yourself my third tip is to find successful creators that align with your brand and follow them and subscribe to their only fans as well this is just me personally i have more of a girl next door brand i followed a bunch of creators that i felt like aligned with my brand and i subscribed to the only fan so i paid for their only fans i received their ppv so i'm able to see what kind of ppvs they're sending out i get to see what they're posting on their account i get to see what kind of content they have and it's really really beneficial anybody who is successful is going to say something to the effect of i had a mentor or i had someone i looked up to and i followed exactly what they did do that even if you just want to follow me someone who's only been successful for a little while but i'm very very generous with information follow me on social media see what i'm posting see what i'm tweeting follow my reddit everything whatever you want to follow of mine and most importantly my fansly because i give very very detailed and very thorough explanations of everything i post and why even numbers like we talk numbers a lot on my fancy and it's very very beneficial my next tip i have for getting started is just setting your subscription price after you get verified on only fans i really think an important tip that people don't take into consideration i suggest that you set your subscription price to something extremely affordable with the mindset that this is not where you will be earning the majority of your income the majority of your income will come from your ppv your subscribers they will want to buy your content a la carte or they will want to tip you whatever it is so set your subscription price to something that is really really welcoming really affordable do a sale to get started welcome people in have a beautiful gallery of photos and videos for them to enjoy just remember that you also want to focus on your ppv in a la carte content or tip menu content to earn the majority of your income i do understand not everybody is comfortable having a lower subscription price but when you think about it from a business standpoint from a marketing standpoint just keep in mind there there are methods that can make you far more successful than just your personal and emotional feeling of how much it should cost and then my final tip i want to give everybody just be very smart about your online subscription business it is in fact a business everything you post on there is your product or your service be prideful of that budget get a cpa if you need to i know i did get a business partner i have one whoever you feel like would be comfortable helping you run the business i definitely suggest like even just having them to help you manage the site or to manage the expenses be smart and hire a copyright company to scan the internet every day of your images to keep your copyrighted material safe i use realta also be smart and get a mentor or just get some sort of resource that you can use to help you be successful at it rather than just go into it blindly that's where my little sales pitch comes in you guys my fansly blog i'm really really proud of it it is a great resource for my girls to have and i see my girls because i do have a little handful of girls on there who are using my family blog and taking my advice it is something i'm passionate about helping people and giving them some sort of guidance and help because i didn't have that when i gets got started i was completely inexperienced and just hit with so much judgment and so much doubt it really almost stopped me from getting where i'm at now i always say this there's no guarantee that my tips and tricks will make you as successful as me but i will promise you i'll give you a lot of guidance and i will prevent you from making huge mistakes that i had to make i really wish i had a resource like this my family is 15 a month that is very inexpensive for the amount of knowledge i offer i have posts about how i use social media to get my subscribers what social media account has gotten me the most subscribers i talk directly about numbers about how much ppvs make me i can even get you an example if you are verified on fansly um as your identity so i only send those to verified women on fansly obviously i do all my modeling examples video content inspiration posing ideas man i talk about everything selling underwear all my tip menus i talk about how to get leaks taken down because you have access to the only phantom's legal team so i teach you how to use that resource i teach you how to almost guarantee that a sub will keep his renew on how to retain subs i have like a very very high retention rate with my subs i just have a really solid method of being my authentic self and staying true to that and i teach people how to do that too and also if you subscribe to my family i'll give you a shout out on twitter or reddit whichever you prefer with your only fans link if you'd like and then people who use my referral code actually get introduced to my only fan sub so i'm excited to do that for my first girl ever i hope that this video was helpful those are my top tips for people just getting started even if you just have in the back of your mind that you might want to do it go ahead and just start looking at my videos subscribe to my family watch my social medias see what i'm doing and if you have any questions message me on fancy i would love to help you out but yeah i hope this was helpful and thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @KamsnewNfkeem [2 likes]: This was unexpectedly good.
  2. @JacobWalkthroughs [1 likes]: Absolutely disgusting you should take this video down cause onlyfans is the devil and it should have never blown up during covid 19
  3. @jeanetteg5197 [1 likes]: Do mid size woman make money on onlyfans??
  4. @NEUTRO_68 [1 likes]: WTF
  5. @sierraprang504 [1 likes]: If I hear another person, explain how all of this works and say go grow your account. How do we do that? How do we grow our accounts? What kind of content do we post if we’re not posting Smacky stuff like that to start out if we’re trying to grow our socials how do we do that?
  6. @AvaGabrielle00: an assistant has been a game changer, i genuinely hate responding to people lol
  7. @fatinmasturah48: BODOOHH ONLYFANSS!!
  8. @LonelyFanss6: Useful tips marie❤
  9. @quotespower9911: This only fans business is for those who don't have any skills other then showing their meat
  10. @KSITrading: My wife and I just started an OF as well as Fansly accounts... thanks for the info!
  11. @DavidDicicco-y1e3n: O
  12. @Ginamarie115: I have been following you and love your advice.
  13. @МухаммадАлиибн: You beautiful,,, you super Marie my love Marie 🫅🏻🫅🏻🫅🏻♥️♥️♥️💘💘💘🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😘😘😘
  14. @WeLoveWaffles-e8n: Thank you for your video and tips
  15. @greg-o5o4u: My name is Greg and my girlfriend is Lindsi.  Our money situation is very poor,  so she wanted to become a 
 creator or something to make money with her looks and figure. She is hot with a huge heart  , great personality.  We been together for over 20 yrs. She 42. We have 16 yr old daughter.  We know nothing about all this platform stuff.  Saw some of your videos and many more before.  She picked you hoping for advice because we kidda need something to work .  Like yesterday 
  Can you please help us?
  16. @jennifer9995: What's your OF link?
  17. @YosufPollara: We're at near end of times folks, this is so sad, women mostly suck now, their mostly all lost and broken thanks to social media and stupid smart phones, and the fact that losers would pay for this nonsense blows my mind! humans no longer have knowledge and wisdom, we no longer build beautiful amazing architecture, our food is crap, we're just a completely broken and lost civilization...
  18. @J3wlz24: I am working on starting my own OF. I would love to have an agency but I have a HUGE issue with how they treat their models though. I've heard from a couple people so far that basically the agency "owns" you for a set period of time and they want to make sure your not selling your content behind their backs so they basically don't let you have any kind of privacy no cell phone without them watching everything your doing they won't allow you to leave your home without having an escort follow you around like it's insane. If all this is really true I want nothing to do with those agencies so it is like a catch 22 lol.
  19. @BrokeGenXR: I thought onlyfans was only about sex.
  20. @tinatupper2282: Now that twitter is “X” should that still be one to start?

- The rise and fall of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en The owner of Only Fans made $700 million last year. 46 employees and no debt. By almost any measure, it is one of the absolute best and most profitable businesses on the internet. About a year ago, the owner of the business tried to sell it and has been struggling ever since to get a high price for it. Why is one of the most profitable businesses in the history of the internet struggling to sell? The answer to that stems of how the whole business came together. It all started with a $10,000 loan from one guy's dad to him to go and start the business. And today, $7.2 billion in revenue flows through Only Fans. And if you think about it, what should a business that generates $700 million a year in cash trade for? Like, if that was on the public stock market, it would be incredibly highly valued, multiple tens of billions. But here we are, and Only Fans is kind of stuck. And look, this is a crazy story with Only Fans. It is also one of the most difficult videos to make. I mean, in the end, this is an adult website. Well, I did no first-person research on this, unlike I did with most of the fast food videos and coffee ones. Uh, but but in the end, we'll talk about cuz there's some crazy business lessons in this whole thing. But before we get into that, I want to let you know that I put every single one of these video stories that I do into a one-page summary cheat sheet. It's a great way for you to remember the key beats of the story and take away all the great lessons that come from it. And maybe you can be the cool guy at the party who is telling interesting business nerd stories like I do. Join the club. Anyway, you can get all these cheat sheets totally for free at girdley.comyoutube. Just put your email in and you'll get this video's cheat sheet automatically, plus all the other ones I've done. Now, let's get back to the video. How Only Fans got to where it is today actually starts back in 2016, not that long ago. And it actually starts in England. A young man who is living in Essex and had gone to kind of a second tier English university. a man named Tim Stokeley. Well, he's a hustler and an entrepreneur. And look, the adult business tends to attract a certain type of folks. They're people that decide that that's an okay market to be in. And Tim was that type of person. His first few websites were adultoriented called Cams for You and Glams for Whatever. Basically kind of off-brand, you know, adult pornography type websites. He tried a few other things, none of which took off. One of them was like a matchmaking site, so like an Angie's List for trades people. Didn't go anywhere. And ultimately he was about to run out of money. So he went to his dad uh who was a banker in England and said, "Dad, I need some more money to keep trying these business ventures." And his dad said, "Look, this is the last loan I'm going to give you. Here's £10,000 and see what you can do with it." This last shot would be a business called Only Fans. But Only Fans back then was not what Only Fans is today. They actually from the very beginning banned adult content. The idea was basically to be Patreon but on steroids where people connect directly with their fans and basically do business with them. They wanted musicians, artists, creators, all that type of stuff. The creators would keep 80% of the revenue. The platform would take 20%. The problem was there was already a Patreon doing Patreon very well. So the Stokeleys were stuck and eventually they needed to make some money. So in 2017, they quietly lifted the ban on adult content and suddenly adult performers and people in the adult industry flooded the platform and for the first time these creators can earn directly from their audience. No middlemen, no promoters, nobody taking 90% of the cut and they can start to build their own business going directly to their fans. growth is steady. Like they managed to make payroll and keep going, but there's nothing really to grab headlines or to start kind of the snowball of popularity for Only Fans at the time until somebody comes along that sees something in the site and potential that they don't. And in 2018, that man is Leonid Ravinsky. He comes in and he buys 75% of the parent company of Only Fans. Leonid is like a lot of people in the adult industry. Famously quiet and reclusive. He's never given a podcast interview. His photos are rarely found on the internet. Heck, I don't even know if we're going to be able to find one uh when we edit this video. And he's the son of immigrants who'd moved to the US from Ukraine. He got a degree back in 2002 from uh Northwestern, I think it was in Chicago. And his very first business had been well, you guessed it, in the adult industry. One of his subsequent ventures in 2004 was called My Free Cams. And it was basically a site where people could well basically do live streams of their uh well adult stuff. and uh his growth tactics were so extreme and so aggressive that Microsoft eventually sued him on behalf of Hotmail users for the types of growth hacks that he was doing to try to get new people on the platform. After he bought out Only Fans in 2017 2018, Tim stayed on as CEO, but behind the scenes it was Leonid calling the shots and he vision was to turn Only Fans into a hive of pornography. I quoted that that somebody wrote that in my research so I didn't make up that phrase. Almost immediately stuff started to go wrong, but not what you imagine. Uh, what went wrong was on the financial side. In 2019, Metro Bank, who had controlled all the accounts for Only Fans, basically shut down all of their banking services with no notice. Vinsky and his team went crazy to go try to find a new banking relationship. But this was the first message that they were going to be hearing from the financial system. Everybody from the credit card companies to the banks didn't want to be doing business with adultoriented websites and Only Fans was definitely one of those. Then came a lucky break for Only Fans, the COVID pandemic. In March 2020, the world basically shut down. At that moment, I remember that time when the NBA game was cancelled and suddenly we all felt like the world was going to be shutting down very quickly. With everybody trapped in their homes, suddenly Only Fans was poised to explode. In that first month of COVID, the user base grew 75% for Only Fans. Supposedly, they were averaging between 6 and 8,000 new creators per day and over 200,000 new users. The entire adult industry was basically shut down. You couldn't go to gentleman's clubs. You couldn't go outside your house. And people needed an outlet. And they went to Only Fans. In April 2020, they started to make the leap into the mainstream. And part of what did that was Beyonce name dropped Only Fans in a collab she did with Megan the Stallion. Traffic jumped 15% overnight just from that song. Then suddenly the rest of cultural mainstream started to recognize and know about Only Fans. Cardi B, all these different folks started to mention Only Fans in their stuff and it was getting amplified as part of the culture. Then in August 2020, a lady named Bella Thorne signed up for Only Fans. She reportedly made a million dollars in 24 hours and another couple million the next day. She was not selling explicit photos or explicit content. Uh she was charging 200 bucks per message with fans who thought they were messaging with her in order to get copies of explicit photos. But the problem was when they actually went to request the photos and go through the whole thing and paid the money, they just didn't get anything that was X-rated. the longtime creators on the platform kind of tricked and used all of the user base who were expecting one thing and got another. Basically created a ton of refund requests that the uh users asked for their money back when they felt uh well cheated. Only Fans makes money by taking a percentage of each transaction. So when we talk about revenue numbers for it, we're talking about net revenue. Remember most of the money coming in goes straight back out to the creators. YouTube is like this by the way as well. 55% of every dollar you spend on the platform or advertisers pay goes to folks like me. So, thank you for watching. So, net revenue, the percentage take that Only Fans was taking started exploding. In 2020, they did 375 million. In 2021, it was nearly a billion. Only France was printing more money faster than almost any company in history of the internet. And they were doing it all at a crazy scale with a tiny number of people, only 46 employees. But as the platform grew, something else was starting to emerge that was going to be a real problem for it. And this was a shadowy industry that was created around the platform itself. As creators on the platform started to scale, suddenly it was becoming impossible for them to keep up with the flood of what was happening, which was DMs were where the real money was made. People were creating basically parasocial relationships between the creators and the customers. In other words, somebody who had a credit card might think they had a direct relationship with the producer of the content, the star, but in reality, that's not what was happening. What was happening was the scale was so great, the creators couldn't keep up. So, Instep a new type of company. People who had agencies that would go run these accounts on behalf of the creators. In other words, people who thought they were talking directly with the creator were uh basically chatting with who knows who. Some random person with hairy knuckles located in some foreign country who is a uh probably not even the same gender as the creator. So while this person might think they were talking to the creator, in reality they were talking to somebody in the Philippines or Pakistan or India or South America or any place that was different than the creator. And that person might be managing three, four or five relationships at the same time all with one goal. How do they get that person who has the credit card to swipe it as many times as possible thinking they're talking to the real creator? This kind of scamming had its own term uh created by the New York Times. They called it e- pimping. Basically, these folks job was to scam, cheat, lie, and mislead people with credit cards, basically lonely men typically, to swipe it as often as possible. So, you see the problem. What's going on as these agencies emerge? You've got basically relationships that are built totally on a lie. And behind it all is Only Fans taking 20% of each and every one of those scam transactions. So while Only Fans pretended to sell a relationship with a real person, they were selling you basically somebody in a call center trying to get you to open up your wallet as quickly as possible. But then Mastercard, one of the two major credit card networks in the world in 2021, announced a new policy that would make that very difficult. It was called A&5196. And 5196 basically said that any website that was taking masterards that was producing adult content had to go through and examine each and every piece of content before it went out without fail. They required further that each and every producer of content had to have government IDs issued and verified by the platform. Every piece of content, every single person, this all had to be done by October 2021 or platforms like Only Fans would run the risk of not being able to take credit cards anymore. These requirements had a simple goal stated which was they didn't want people to be using these websites to do things like child, you know, exploitation and trafficking of humans for the purpose of uh basically making money because of their bodies and appearance. But it's also worth asking if the real intent behind all of that was making things like Only Fans basically too expensive to operate on the internet. With everything else and a lot of life, there's no such things as black or white answers to stuff. Life is complicated. The ACLU got involved. They basically filed a formal complaint saying that this policy by Mastercard was uh restricting First Amendment uh rights for basically sex workers and uh making it difficult for many of them to earn a living. It's the ACLU after all. Basically, this backed only fans into a corner. At the same time, you had folks like Melon Bank, JP Morgan Chase basically shutting down their ability to move money around in wires. The reality is in America and in most of the world, if you're cut off from the banking system, it makes it incredibly difficult to do almost anything, much less uh you know, you can't even pay your mortgage system. And it's even worse if you're a big business like Only Fans. And they were getting backed into a corner. On August 19th, 2021, they did something pretty crazy. They announced that in October 1st, they would no longer allow adultoriented content to exist on Only Fans. And by this point, like that was the name of the business. That's what the whole business is, is an adult website. They were suddenly saying, "Hey, Only Fans, we're not going to allow any more of that going forward." Stokeley, who was still involved in leading the business, he basically went on media tours and said, "Hey, the banks have forced us to do this. We can't be in the adult business anymore. Creators went and started to look up on other sites like one's called Fansley and stuff like that. Also, never seen that one." Uh, but but in the end, like Tim and his folks said, the reason we have to do this is we have to be connected to the money system to be a business. And here was Only Fans unable to do that. But in a crazy turn of events, 6 days later, Only Fans came out and said, "Well, we're reversing that decision." Suddenly, they had managed to find new banking partners. What had happened in the background was creators and the public had started to pressure the banks. Tim going out and being public about the banks causing the shutdown of adult content had caused all those people who were on both sides of those transactions to put pressures on those banks. In reality, there had been kind of a standoff. Also, those banks, they want to make money. And the way they make money is by having money flow through their system. And here was a big source of that money about to be totally cut off. The reality is all of these kind of shadow industries, ammo, guns, adult content, cannabis, they all exist in kind of a gray area and there's an inherent tension there. The banks and all the financial system, they want to be making money from those transactions. There's a lot of cash there. At the same time, they're getting pressure from the other side, which is like gray area is gray area for a reason. Uh it's sometimes outside the law, and sometimes there's a lot of people in those industries doing not good stuff. And the interesting thing of where America's gone, uh so much of our regulation and expectation about the morality of society is getting not done by the government or by the courts or by the laws or by legislators. It's getting done by the whims and decisions being made by big corporations. And it's kind of crazy if you look at it now. It's become a normal expectation that we expect all these folks who are running businesses to become both the morality and legal police for the American society. Stokeley had had enough. 4 months later he stepped down in December 2021. There was a new CEO for a bit and then in 2023 they brought in a new CEO to run the company. That person well is a lawyer. That person's name is Key Blair and that tells you what's going to be the real battles for Only Fans going forward. Over the next four years, Radvinsky ran the company his way. It was totally out of the way. The company had one mission, and that was to put money in the pocket of Radvinsky. Over the next four years, the company has distributed $1.4 billion in cash to this one man alone. Even after all that distribution, the company was making $46 million per employee. Basically makes it more efficient per employee than almost any other company on the world. I mean, you go look at Google and Microsoft, Salesforce, Tesla, some of the great giant enterprises of the world, like they make nowhere near that. A lot of them are making 200 or 300,000 per employees, not 46 million. Reason is the business model. Only Fans has software that they run. They rent data centers and all they do is just take 20 cents of every dollar that flows through the platform. Creators do all the work creating the stuff. The customers break out their credit cards. While no politician would ever visit their office in the UK for good reason. In total, Only Fans pays more tax than Starbucks, IBM, and Microsoft combined each and every year, 167 million in the past year, for example. But remember the rise of all those kind of agencies that were creating fake relationships on behalf of creators and basically scamming the customers. Well, people started to notice this. Law firms have started to file class action lawsuits. The first few have been dismissed, but more and more are coming in. The public is starting to learn that the whole thing is kind of a scam. But that's not the biggest problem happening. The biggest disruption coming at this next point into 2022 and beyond is AI. On a positive note, the creators using AI scheduling tools and AI automation could stop needing these kind of scammy agencies to come in that were taking 30 to 50% of revenue. On the other half, well, the AI is coming for the creators themselves. You're starting to see the first fully AI generated artificial creators on the platform. People who are basically able now to run entire organizations and entire businesses on Only Fans without any real people involved at all. One platform called Fan View, a competitor to Only Fans, claims already that 15% of its revenue comes from AI generated creators. And one of those creators is named Itana Lopez. She makes €10,000 a month. The problem? Well, she's not actually really a Spanish woman. She's a fiction. She's totally AI generated. So that brings us to 2025. You have this underlying banking problem for Only Fans where there's any moment the possibility that the whole thing gets cut off from the financial institutions. You have this situation where customers are figuring out that the whole thing is basically a scam. You're talking to some call center in Pakistan, not a real person. And the technology is coming where AI promises to basically disrupt the entire thing. And remember, only fans exists because there is a marketplace being made of buyers and sellers. Why are all the buyers there, the viewers? Well, because that's where all the creators are. Where all the creators there? Well, that's because that's where all the buyers are. But when AI comes in and basically cuts all that out, the whole platform risks falling apart. Ravinsky is not stupid. In May 2025, almost a year ago, the news broke that he was exploring selling the business at an $8 billion valuation. If you took the exact numbers of revenue and growth that Only Fans was doing and made it a software company, that business might trade at 15 to 30 times earnings. Here was Radvinsky going out to try to sell it for 12 times earnings. So, Radvinsky was actually trying to sell it at a discount relative to that. But in practice, it would prove to be something else. And in the first kind of bidder to come through was an LA private equity firm. Uh its executives had tried to actually take Only Fans public in a spa a number of years before and that had failed. And here they were trying to put together a deal to buy the company at $8 billion. And a big part of that reason was the adult audience basically and content of the business makes the entire thing untouchable for huge pools of capital uh in the world. If you go look at private equity, hedge funds, a lot of those different types of funds, they are unable to put money into certain types of businesses. And one of those businesses is adult content. So while those folks might be willing to pay huge multiples for Salesforce or Microsoft stock, there's no way they're doing it for Only Fans. And you can see this across the industry for adult businesses. They throw off a ton of cash. Their buyers are few and far between. Pornhub, which is kind of the leading, I guess, YouTube for pornography, uh, basically sold in 2023 for $400 million. Not a huge multiple. Patreon, remember, basically the main street version of Only Fans? Well, it sold for $4 billion in 2021 despite never being profitable. You can see the dichotomy here. The deal with these LA investors, Forest Road at $8 billion. It fell apart. They couldn't put the financing together. Then just last month, the thing that precipitated this video creation was the Wall Street Journal reported that a new firm called Architect Capital had entered the picture and they were going to be paying $5.5 billion to buy Only Fans. Architect is a weird firm. Basically, they play in kind of oddball assets, tech enabled and stuff like Only Fans. The problem is they only have about $100 million under management according to public reports and they had to go find the rest of the money. And as I've watched posts on social media and people talk about this deal and remember Architect mostly does debt. They don't do private equity and they're just an oddball firm. There are people who are out there trying to raise money on their behalf to participate in the deal. And the stuff I read is that they're having a hard time doing it. Almost everybody with allocation or invites to invest in the deal doesn't want to have anything to do for all the reasons I talked about earlier in this video. Even still, Architect and his promoters are saying that they expect to fix the banking problem for Only Fans and the financial kind of Achilles heel that it has and then take the whole thing public in 2028. And look, nobody understands this business better than Ravinsky. He basically has pulled $1.4 billion out in dividends. But he sees all this stuff happening. He's been in the adult business for a very long time. It's crazy that after, you know, pulling out $700 million last year, he's pulling the plug and selling it what is not a very big multiple. And I think the only plausible answer for why he's doing that is cuz he sees all the headwinds and problems that are going to be coming for Only Fans in the future. And look, that's a pattern you see amongst really smart investors. They know to get out when the getting's good. And you saw that in my video that I did on Blockbuster. In fact, Blockbuster was sold twice by billionaires who knew exactly when to get out because they knew the future wasn't as bright as it had been when they got it. And to me, I think that's the big lesson of Only Fans. Well, there's probably two lessons. The first one is, look, there's a lot of money out there to be made if you're willing to compromise your values and ethics. For me, it's not worth it. I'd rather be broke than be in some of these businesses that people get in. But the second thing I think is, you know, you as a business owner, you as an investor, you have to pay attention to what's going around you and your business in the world. And in the case of Only Fans here, you see some folks doing exactly the right move, which is well, they're going to get out when they get good. And uh the future is not so bright for that business. All right. Hopefully I navigated being able to present uh the wild business story of Only Fans in a way that won't get me cancelled. We'll see how I did. Let me know in the comments below. Catch you next time. So, hey, this is Michael about 3 weeks after I recorded the video about Only Fans because yesterday they announced that Leonid Redvinsky, the guy behind it and the key figure in the story, he died at age 43 from cancer. And it's kind of a a fascinating day to the whole thing to be very Frenchy in using a word. But the reality is I think it is a fascinating testament to the idea that we on the outside and I built that whole video like feeling like I had researched a lot about Only Fans and knowing about it, but in reality there was a key data point like I didn't know like the guy was putting the business up for sale because he was dying. and maybe he kept that pretty close to himself. But in the end, I think that's a big life lesson and a big business lesson. Especially when you're dealing with competitors or partners or employees and tough situations. There's always stuff you don't know about the story. And uh that was a perfect case and point here. Even still, I think the rise and fall is a compelling story. So, hope you enjoyed it, but wanted to add this little bit extra before we published it. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-Girdley [44 likes]: Get the exclusive business breakdown from this video → https://girdley.com/youtube
  2. @ModernDayRenaissanceMan [1 likes]: I can't believe in a world of free porn that people have paid for it. 

It's almost like some people WANT to be stupid.
  3. @Roggy-m3c [1 likes]: OnlySkanks
  4. @MadsThorlund: This video is way too early. OnlyFans hasn't fallen yet at all what the hell. Second video of yours thats just full of bullshit. Unsubscribed.
  5. @saahir68: Filth
  6. @Milan-ng8dt: Well done, nice ethics.
  7. @joelthomas79: This is a genius idea. 💡 Go take a nice hike and talk in depth about a business. The foliage and topography looks like Texas, you’re wearing a hoodie, so…maybe hill country.
  8. @Regalert: But RISE-AND-FALL is their business, isn't it?😅
  9. @andrewkuplevakhskyi3562: Thanks for the video. Please, use true, Ukrainian, names of cities, not the ruzzia-colonised ones. Odesa, not Odessa.
  10. @landofthesilverpath5823: Interesting how so many of the owners of the adult industry are, well, Jewish.
  11. @CheswickYouKnow: 5:39 No pun intended!?! 😂🎉
  12. @falsfire: Hi Michael, greetings from north of the 49th. I thought I'd share an interesting semi-related story here that you might not have heard of down in the US, even though the cause of this is from the US...

So one of the largest chains of vape retailers in this part of Canada, is a company called Fat Panda. When vaping became no longer a gray area and legal/regulated here, Fat Panda quickly emerged as one of the biggest, at least in this part of Canada. Most locations, best selection, best prices, best loyalty programs, etc.

When cannabis was federally legalized for recreational use (2017), Fat Panda branched into selling cannabis products at some locations too, since they could now legally do so. (but a fun fact there, they had to have a separate POS terminal to use for cannabis transactions, like only that station could do it, and that station couldn't do non-cannabis transactions...not sure why).

And then, quietly, around a year and a half or maybe a year ago, they stopped selling cannabis (despite the stores signs still having 'CANNABIS' and the marijuana leaf displayed prominently). When I asked the clerk why, she said it was something to do with a US investor...

So, some investor (probably a hedge fund) in the US invested heavily in this successful Canadian business, and then put pressure on them to stop selling cannabis. Because in Canada, cannabis transactions can legally use the banking system, so it's not like how in some US states that are legalized, the transactions must be in cash and the stores have to physically transport that cash to and from the bank (a huge security risk, obviously).

So my guess is, the US investor or hedge fund, maybe ran into issues receiving their dividends from Fat Panda because the company sells cannabis (even though it's based in, located in, and operated in a foreign country with different laws).

And now Fat Panda's business has massively declined (a close friend works there, so I hear from her all the time about it), as many of their regular vape customers, who found it convenient that they could buy cannabis too at the same store, have taken their cannabis and vape business elsewhere, for convenience.
  13. @RianRizvi: The ending is a great lesson. Most of the time we are fitting only our concocted version of the world onto what we see, to try to move ourselves further, and IRL it gets likes and dislikes. We don't deal in truth.
  14. @opheliaz-bricker5679: This is a sad ending. All the money can't buy him more time to live.
  15. @UbbaKCliff: You forgot nairobi. That’s where most are located
  16. @brad9529: I bet you sat in the shower and prayed after making this video. If you can't treat a serious industry seriously without your bigited attitude then you shouldn't be reporting on it.
  17. @jakenkid: What a scumbag. Saying these people are compromising their morals and values...? Not, fuck you! They are compromising YOUR morals and values. People don't go against their values. People just do things based on their own morals.

It's sad and pathetic of you to apply YOUR morals and values to other people.

What a sad existence.
  18. @filipbajic7244: Fall my ass…
  19. @truckdrivinggamer: I was checking out an OF page recently, looked like they wanted $12 a month to see 1 girl naked. It just seems crazy in the US, might make more sense in England where I think prostitution is legal so that $12 a month for 1 girl could go somewhere like a strip club at a brothel.
  20. @OrchidPapi: I thought 💭 the owner is now dead 💀 scary 😱 story there! Possibly connected to a government intelligence agency

- 6 True OnlyFans Horror Stories | The Wretched Hour: Kind: captions Language: en 7 months is long enough to develop habits you stop questioning. Long enough for the routines of a thing to become invisible to you, the way the route to work becomes invisible after enough repetitions you arrive without remembering the individual turns. I had been running my account for 7 months and the habits I had developed felt solid to me, felt like architecture rather than practice, and that solidity was its own kind of blindness. I want to account for this honestly before I tell you what happened because I think the honesty is the only part of this story that is useful to anyone who might find themselves in a version of the same situation. The precautions I had taken were real. A separate email address created specifically for the work, connected to nothing in my existing digital life. A working name that had no connection to my legal name or to any username I had used anywhere else. A phone number through a secondary service that routed to my actual number without disclosing it. Content shot in my apartment which I had made deliberately generic. The walls behind me were blank. I moved anything with identifying details before I filmed. I checked each piece before I posted it. The account had a following that was respectable for someone 7 months in. A subscriber base that paid consistently and that I had come to understand as a system I managed rather than a community I participated in. Most of the messages I received were transactional in the way of most subscriber messages. Brief, specific to the content, occasionally generous with tips and ways that registered as ordinary customer behavior rather than anything requiring attention. I had developed the ability to process the inbox the way a customer service worker processes tickets efficiently and without significant emotional engagement, which is the only way to manage it at scale. The account that sent the message on that Tuesday had been active for 3 months. I checked the subscription history after I always checked the history once something required checking and the account had subscribed, renewed once, tipped twice in modest amounts that did not distinguish it from dozens of similar accounts. The username was a string of letters and numbers that meant nothing. The profile had no photograph, no information, the kind of account that exists in a state of deliberate blankness that many subscribers maintain because they have reasons for not wanting their engagement visible. This was ordinary. I didn't register the account as anything other than ordinary until the message arrived. The message asked how the coffee was. That was the full content of it, delivered with the specific casualness of someone picking up a conversation that had been interrupted. How was the coffee? With a question mark. Friendly in its register. The tone of light small talk between people who had spoken recently enough that coffee was an understood reference. I had not mentioned coffee. Not in any content, not in any message, not in any interaction connected to the account in any way. I had gone to a coffee shop that morning, a place on the street two blocks from my apartment that I went to sometimes when I wanted to work somewhere other than my desk. I had been there for about 90 minutes and I had not posted about it, had not mentioned it in any message, had not taken photographs or filmed anything in or near it. The coffee shop was connected to my real life and to my real location and to nothing that I had made available through my work. I sat in my kitchen with my phone and I looked at those five words and I understood before I had fully worked through the logic of it that something was wrong. Not in the way that triggers immediate action. The message didn't threaten me, didn't make demands, didn't demonstrate knowledge in any way that would constitute evidence of something I could report. It just asked how the coffee was. And the wrongness of it was in exactly that quality of innocuousness. In the way the question was designed to accomplish two things simultaneously. To let me know that I had been seen at a specific location on a specific morning and to let me know this in a way that I could not respond to with any of the responses that the situation deserved. If I asked how they knew, I would be acknowledging that I hadn't told them. If I ignored it, I would spend the next several days not knowing what I was dealing with. If I blocked the account, I would lose any ability to monitor what they did next. I did not respond to the message. I spent an hour and a half going through everything I had ever posted on the account, looking for anything I might have missed, a reflection in a window, a piece of mail visible in the background of a shot, a sound that could be identified. Anything that could have produced information about where I was. I found nothing definitive. The apartment I filmed in was too neutral to give away a city, let alone a neighborhood, let alone a two-block radius around a specific coffee shop. Whatever had told this person where I'd been that morning had come from somewhere else. The metadata explanation came to me gradually over the following week after I had started looking into every technical aspect of what I had ever shared. I had been careful about visible content. I had not been careful about the invisible information that images carry by default, the data embedded in photograph files by the devices that take them, which can include location information if the device's location services are enabled, which mine had been for the entire 7 months. Not every image contains this, but some do, depending on settings and device and the specific application used to capture them. I went through my settings on my phone that night, sitting on the floor of my apartment with my back against the wall facing the door and I found what I was looking for and I turned it off, which was approximately 7 months too late to matter. I reported the account to the platform. The report produced an automated acknowledgement and eventually a response that the account had been reviewed and no violation of terms had been found because asking someone how their coffee was does not violate terms of service. The account remained active. I did not post again for 3 weeks while I went through everything, every piece of content, every setting, every connection between my work account and my real life, looking for the other places where the wall between them had been thinner than I had believed. I found two other technical vulnerabilities I hadn't considered and I closed them. I reached out to someone who worked in digital security who helped me understand the scope of what the metadata could have exposed and over what time period. The answer was more than I had hoped. The account messaged once more during those 3 weeks, about 10 days after the first message. This one said only, "Figured out the coffee question yet?" Same casual register, the question mark at the end, the tone of someone who was patient and who wanted me to know they were patient. I did not respond to that message either. I blocked the account the same day which I understood was a decision to give up monitoring in exchange for no longer receiving communications and which felt like the right trade at the time. I had already extracted whatever information the situation was going to give me and the information amounted to someone had been paying close enough attention to the technical details of my content that they had found location data I hadn't known I was providing and they had used it to find a physical location associated with my real life. And they had chosen to tell me they had done this in a way that was calibrated to be disturbing without being actionable. I have thought many times about what the goal was. The most charitable interpretation is that it was a demonstration that they had found something and wanted me to know they had found it and that the knowing was the point rather than whatever the knowing might lead to. The less charitable interpretations are available and I have spent time in all of them and I cannot tell you with certainty which one is correct because I don't know what came after the blocking. I don't know if the account was created specifically to find me or if I was one of several people found through the same method. I don't know if the information they had was limited to a coffee shop location or if it extended further to a street address or a regular schedule or something else I would find more alarming to know they had. What I know is that I changed the way I worked after that in ways that I keep to myself because the specificity of the changes is itself information. And I know that the feeling of sitting on my kitchen floor that first night, going through my phone settings with the specific urgency of someone who has just understood that a precaution they believed was solid is not solid, is something that is not fully left me. Not the fear of it. Fear is acute and it passes. What stayed is the understanding that the distance I thought I had built was constructed in one register while the vulnerability existed in another and that the person who found it had been patient and methodical enough to look in the places I hadn't thought to protect. I still think about the phrasing of that first message sometimes. How was the coffee? The warmth of it, the specific friendliness that was designed to be the most disturbing possible delivery for that information. Not a threat, not an accusation, just a question. The question of someone who wanted me to know they had been there or close enough to there and who had decided that the most effective way to communicate that knowledge was to make it sound like conversation, like something between people who were already close enough that coffee was the kind of thing they talked about. That's the part I couldn't find language for when I tried to explain it to the few people I told. The threat of it wasn't in what was said. The threat was in how easily the tone of connection can be constructed from the outside, how warmly surveillance can be delivered, how long you can be watched before the watching becomes visible to you and how much can be known about where you have been before you understand that anyone was looking. The progression is the thing I want people to understand because if you look at any single point in the sequence, it seems manageable. It's only when you see the whole arc that you understand what was happening and by the time most people see the whole arc, they are already inside it without a clean way out. I was inside it for about 4 months before I had language for what it was, and by the time I had the language I was standing at the entrance to my building looking at a man who had been waiting for me. He subscribed in February. The account had a username that meant nothing, a blank profile, the way many subscribers have blank profiles because they are not there to be seen, only to see. He tipped on the second day, which was unusual enough to register, but not unusual enough to mean anything on its own. Some people tip immediately as a way of signaling that they are serious customers rather than tourists. He messaged within the first week, which was ordinary. The message was complimentary in the way that subscriber messages are often complimentary, and I responded in the brief professional way I had learned to respond, and that was the beginning of a rhythm that I initially understood as normal business correspondence. The attention escalated in increments small enough that each one seemed like an extension of the last rather than a departure from it. He responded to everything I posted within minutes of posting it. He messaged daily, then multiple times daily, and the messages grew longer and more personal in their register. Without any single message being long enough or personal enough to trigger a response from me beyond the standard engagement I offered everyone. He began asking questions that had the quality of questions between people who already know each other. How did I sleep? What was I planning for the week? Did I have time to talk? Framed with the familiarity of someone who had decided that the transactional context of our interaction was a formality they had moved past. I noted the escalation, and I managed it in the way I managed all subscriber relationships, with warmth that maintained distance, with responses that were present without being invitations. The first message that arrived off platform came through Instagram, my personal account, which was under a name I had never connected to my work in any way I could identify. The message said only that he had been enjoying my content and hoped I was doing well. The account that sent it had a photograph and a real name and a small following and the appearance of a real person's real social media presence. I stared at it for a long time. The path between my work identity and my personal Instagram was not obvious. I had not connected them. The fact that he had found the connection told me he had been looking with more purpose and more skilled than someone who finds things accidentally. I did not respond. I set my Instagram account to private and I blocked the account that had messaged me, and I went back to my work platform, and I continued as normally as I could manage, while something in the back of my mind began rearranging itself. He messaged on the platform the next day with no acknowledgement of the off-platform message, as if it hadn't happened, as if the Instagram contact had been incidental rather than deliberate. I responded in my usual way, and I felt the strangeness of that of performing normalcy in an interaction that had already told me something was wrong. Over the following 6 weeks, the messages on the platform continued with the same frequency and the same increasing familiarity. He began mentioning my neighborhood, not by name, he never named it directly, but in the way of someone who has been in a place and is letting you know they have been there without stating it plainly. He mentioned a coffee shop by description that was specific enough to identify it, a place I had been to regularly for 2 years. He mentioned a particular street quality, a kind of light in the late afternoon that was accurate enough to the area I lived in that coincidence became difficult to maintain as an explanation. I had not mentioned my neighborhood. I had not mentioned that coffee shop. I had not mentioned the quality of late afternoon light on any particular street. I went through my content again, more carefully than I had ever gone through it before, looking for what had given him the geography of my life. I found partial things, a sound in the background of something I'd filmed that I hadn't registered as identifying, a glimpse of a street through a window that I had thought was too partial to mean anything, but which, combined with other details I had also thought were too partial to mean anything, could have built a picture for someone paying close enough attention. The work of reverse engineering my location from my content was not simple. It required sustained attention and a willingness to treat each piece of content as a data point to be combined with others. He had done that work. That was the understanding I was sitting with in the weeks before the night at the building. The messages became more direct in the final week before I saw him. He asked if I had been to the coffee shop recently, by name, dropping the pretense of indirection. He said he thought we were alike in ways that he would like to discuss in person. He said he understood that my work created a distance that he respected, but that he felt was unnecessary between people who had a genuine connection, and that he would like the opportunity to demonstrate that to me in a way that went beyond the limitations of the platform. The messages were composed and calm, and they communicated an intention as clearly as anything I have ever read without containing a single word that constituted a threat by any definition a platform or a police report would apply. I was coming home from a friend's apartment on a Thursday night in late June. It was not late, barely 10:00, and the street was not empty, but was quiet enough that I was alone on the last half block to my building. The entrance to my building is recessed slightly from the street, a small covered alcove with the door and the buzzer panel, and I did not see him until I was in the alcove. He was standing to the right of the door in the part of the alcove that is not visible from the street until you are already inside it. He was standing in the specific patient way of someone who has been in one place for a long time and has made peace with the waiting. He was not visibly doing anything, no phone in his hand, nothing to suggest he was there for any reason other than being there. He said my name, my work name, not my legal name, but said with the intimacy of someone using a name they have decided is the real one, the name that belongs to the version of me they have built a relationship with. He said it the way you say the name of someone you've been looking forward to seeing. He said he had hoped to catch me and that he was glad it had worked out. He said this with the ease of someone who did not find the situation unusual, as if standing in the alcove outside someone's building waiting for them was a thing that made sense given what he understood about the relationship between us. I did not go into the building. If I had my key out and put it in the lock, he would have had access to follow me inside, and the door opened inward, which would have put my back to him while I moved through it. I took two steps back toward the street, which put me outside the alcove and on the sidewalk with more space and more visibility, and I told him I was going to call the police if he didn't leave. I said it as flatly as I could manage, which was not very flat because my voice was doing something I couldn't fully control, and I had my phone in my hand before I finished saying it. He looked at me for a moment with an expression I had spent a lot of time trying to classify. It was not anger. It was not the expression of someone who has been caught doing something they know is wrong. It was closer to disappointment, the expression of someone whose expectations have not been met, who has arrived at a situation believing it would go a particular way and found that it is going differently. He said he hadn't meant to alarm me. He said he understood this was unexpected. He said he thought if I had the chance to talk to him the way he had been talking to me, I would understand what he meant about the connection between us. He said all of this in the calm, reasonable tone he had used in every message, the tone of someone who has constructed a narrative in which his behavior is explicable and my response to it is the thing requiring explanation. He left when I pressed the call button on my phone. He walked out of the alcove and down the street in the direction I had come from, and I stood on the sidewalk and watched him until he was far enough away that I went inside and locked the door behind me and sat on the floor of the lobby for a while before I felt stable enough to take the stairs. I filed a police report. I documented everything, the messages, the timeline, the Instagram contact, the escalating familiarity, the night at the building. The officer who took the report was professional and thorough and explained, with the patience of someone who had explained it many times before, the legal threshold for what was occurred and what was and wasn't available to me given that threshold. The report was filed. A follow-up came 2 weeks later. The follow-up produced nothing actionable. I moved apartments 3 months after that, not because of the police report outcome, which I had expected, because I could not continue to live in a building whose entrance I had stood in the alcove of and understood that someone had been in that space before me, waiting, having done the work to know where to wait. The apartment I moved to is in a different part of the city. I have told no one the address. I have made different choices about what I share and how and in what format, and I have kept the specifics of those choices private in the way that I now understand the specifics of precautions are themselves a form of protection. He never messaged again after that night. I don't know what that means. I have considered the possibilities, and I have settled on not settling on any of them, because the possibilities that are most alarming are not more or less provable than the ones that aren't, and living inside the most alarming ones is not something I have found a way to do productively. I know that he was there. I know that he waited. I know that he left when I made clear I was going to call the police, which tells me something about how much he had thought through the situation and what his limits were, and which is not the comfort it might appear to be on first reading. I check my building entrance before I enter it now, not every time, most times, enough times that it has become a habit I don't think about consciously, the way you stop thinking about locking the door. It is the habit of someone who has stood in an alcove and understood something about the patience of people who have decided they know you and about how much preparation that patience is capable of. The email came on a Wednesday morning and I read it standing in my kitchen before I had finished making coffee, which meant I read it in the specific half-awake state where your defenses are down and information lands harder than it would if you had been fully prepared to receive it. I want to be precise about the order of events in those first 30 seconds because the order is where the understanding built, one piece at a time, each piece landing before I had processed the one before it. I saw the subject line first, thought we should connect more directly. The address it came from was a string of letters I didn't recognize, a personal email rather than a business one, no identifying information in the sender field. I opened it because I open emails, because the subject line was vague enough to read as potentially anything. The email was four sentences. The first sentence said he had been a subscriber for several months and appreciated what I did. The second said he had thought for some time about whether to reach out through this channel. The third said he hoped I didn't mind the directness. The fourth said he was glad to finally be in touch and signed with a name I didn't recognize. My name was in the greeting, my full legal name, first and last, in the opening line of an email sent to a personal address I had maintained since my second year of college, an address that existed in a world entirely separate from my content work, not connected to my professional name, not connected to any account or platform or payment method associated with my work, an address I used for personal correspondence and subscription services and tax documents, an address attached to a name that had no public connection to my work identity. I had been careful about that separation. The separation had been, until that email, the thing I most relied on. I set my phone down. I went back to making the coffee because my body needed something to do while my mind worked through what I had just read. The sequence of implications arrived in a specific order. He had my personal email address, which meant he had my real name because the address had been created under my real name and registered to it in ways that were publicly accessible if you knew how to look. Having my email meant having the name. Having the name meant having started from something, some piece of information that had led him from my work identity to my legal one through a chain of research I could not yet see but could understand the existence of. He had my name and my address and he had chosen to use them to say hello. The metadata explanation didn't come to me immediately. It came after three days of going through everything I had ever shared, approaching my own archive like a forensic problem. What had I given away without knowing I was giving it and where and in what form? The image files were where I found it. I had been careful about what was visible in the images themselves. I had not been careful about what was invisible in them. The embedded information that smartphone cameras attach to photographs by default, the technical record of how an image was taken, including, if location services are enabled on the device, the GPS coordinates of where the image was taken. Not every image platform strips this information on upload. Not every creator knows to strip it manually. I had not stripped it. Over several months of posting, I had attached my precise location to files that subscribers could, if they knew how to access the embedded data, read directly. The distance between GPS coordinates and a name is not short, but it is crossable with patience and skill. Coordinates give you an address or a neighborhood, depending on precision. An address gives you a building. A building gives you, sometimes, a name on a mailbox or a lease or a utility account, depending on what is publicly accessible in a given area. A name gives you everything else. A name gives you the email addresses attached to it in data brokers' records, the social media accounts registered to it, the digital history of a person who has existed online under their real name while believing their real name was protected. He had made the crossing. The email in my inbox was the evidence that he had made it. I did not respond to the email. I spent two hours researching the technical steps for stripping metadata from image files before upload, which I had not known was necessary and which is not complicated once you know it is necessary. I updated every setting available to me on my phone and on the platforms I used. I went through my existing archive and identified the images most likely to have contained location data based on when they were taken and what settings I would have had active at those times. I did what I could with the exposure that had already occurred, which was nothing, because information released cannot be unreleased. The email account I received the message on I stopped using for anything connected to my real life. I created a new email address under a different name for personal correspondence and began migrating everything important to it, which took most of a week and which I understood was the kind of task you do after something has already happened rather than before it. I reported the email to the platform I worked on, explaining the situation as fully as I could and received a response that was professional and sympathetic and that offered no mechanism for addressing what had occurred because what had occurred was not a violation of the platform's policies. A subscriber had found information through research conducted outside the platform and had used it to contact me outside the platform. The platform was not involved. The platform could not help. He emailed again 10 days after the first message. This email was longer, several paragraphs, conversational in tone, operating from the premise that my silence was a kind of response rather than a refusal to engage. He talked about himself, his work, his reasons for subscribing to my account, the qualities of mine that he found compelling. He used my name in the email the way you use a name when you want the other person to understand that you have it not casually, not as an afterthought, but pointedly, several times, in positions in the sentences where the name was not necessary but was placed anyway. He said he understood if I was surprised by the directness of his reach and that he hoped I would come to see it as a sign of sincerity rather than anything concerning. He said he was looking forward to getting to know me more genuinely. He said this as if it were a thing I had agreed to. I did not respond to the second email either. I did not respond to the third, which arrived four days later, and which dropped the warmth of the previous two and adopted instead the tone of someone addressing an administrative oversight. Had I received his previous emails? Was there a better way to reach me? He wanted to make sure the communication had come through. The tone was business-like in a way that was its own kind of threat, the tone of someone who has decided that my silence is a technical problem rather than a choice, that I am not refusing to communicate but simply failing to receive the communication and that the correct response is to persist until the technical problem is resolved. I blocked the email address after the third message. A fourth arrived from a different address, similar pattern of letters, different domain, within a week. I blocked that one, too. I do not know how many addresses he had or how many he would have been willing to cycle through. I know that the blocking was correct and I know that it was also, in some practical sense, cosmetic. The problem was not the specific address but the knowledge the address represented and blocking an address did not unlearn that knowledge. I engaged a digital security professional who helped me understand the full scope of what was publicly available about me under my real name and what steps could reduce that availability. Some of what she found I was able to address. Some I was not because some information, once it exists in certain places, cannot be removed without legal mechanisms that are time-consuming and not always successful. The audit took three sessions and at the end of it I understood my exposure more clearly than I had before and was not reassured by the clarity. Clarity is not the same as safety. I have not received further contact from the original account or from anything I could connect to it, which has been the case now for long enough that I have stopped expecting a message every time I open a new email. The stopping of expectation is not the same as the stopping of awareness. I am aware, when I open email from an unknown address, of a specific and practiced quality of attention that I did not have before the Wednesday morning in my kitchen when I learned my name in a greeting where it should not have been. What I carry from it is the understanding of the metadata specifically not as a technical detail but as a principle. The information we choose to share is not the only information we share. The careful decisions we make about what is visible in the frame of an image do not extend to what is invisible in the file. You can control what the world sees and still be giving the world more than you intended in places you didn't think to look, through mechanisms you didn't know existed. The person who found my name found it through the gap between what I knew to protect and what I didn't know needed protecting. That gap is not unique to me. It exists in the practice of anyone who creates content under a protected identity and does not know to account for it. I know to account for it now. The knowledge cost something that I would have preferred to keep. My mother's voice is one I have known my entire life, in every register it uses, the voice for ordinary things, the voice for things she is happy about, the voice for things she is worried about but doesn't want me to worry about, which is a specific register all its own. She deployed that last one on the Wednesday afternoon she called me and I heard it before I had processed a word of what she was saying, which is how you hear things from a person you have known for 30 years. The content of the words arrived second. The quality of the voice arrived first and told me something was wrong before the words did. She said it carefully. My mother is someone who believes in leading with reassurance. So, she led with the fact that it had been fine, that nothing bad had happened, that she was calling just to let me know. She said it as a prefix before the actual information. The way you preface news with its resolution when the news without context would cause more alarm than the whole picture warrants. She said it was probably nothing. Then she told me about the man at the hardware store. My father worked at that hardware store for over 20 years. He died 6 years ago and the store kept a photograph of him behind the counter in the way that small town businesses keep photographs of the people who were part of them for long enough to become part of their identity. The store knew our family and our family knew the store and if my mother needed anything from the hardware side of the world, that was where she went because that is what you do in a town where your family has belonged to a place for generations. The store was on the main street. Most things in my hometown are on the main street or one block off it. The man had come in on a Tuesday, the day before she called me. My mother's neighbor had been there when it happened and had called my mother that evening, which is the ecosystem of a small town working exactly as it has always worked. The neighbor had described the man as unfamiliar, which in that town is itself information not young enough to be a new person in town, not old enough to be someone who had been there all their lives and somehow escaped her notice. He had browsed for a few minutes and then asked the woman behind the counter if she knew a family by our last name. The counter woman was someone I had known since childhood, a person who had worked there in the years my father worked there and who had known him and therefore knew me in the indirect way of someone who knows a family through one of its members. She told my mother she had been careful, that she had said yes, there was a family by that name and asked what he needed. He had given my name, my actual first name, paired with the last and said he was trying to reach me, that he was an old acquaintance passing through, that he had lost touch with me and wondered if she knew how he could find me. She had told him she couldn't give out personal contact information, but that she would pass on a message if she saw my mother, who she knew came in sometimes. He had given her a phone number, which she had written on the back of a receipt and thanked her and bought a box of screws he probably didn't need and left. My mother's neighbor had watched the whole thing from the paint aisle and called my mother within the hour. I want to describe what it felt like to sit with this information before I respond to any of it because the feeling is part of the story and I don't want to skip past it. The feeling was not straightforward fear. It was more layered than that and the layers arrived at different depths. The first layer was the practical one. Someone had come to my hometown, not to my current address, not to my city, but to the place I grew up in, to a business associated with my family, asking for me by my real name. This person knew my name, my hometown and my family connection to a specific business in that hometown. These are three pieces of information that I had never connected to my work in any way I could immediately identify. The second layer was about my family. My mother lived in that town. My younger sister lived 20 minutes away. The hardware store, where the man had asked his question, was a building connected to my father's memory and to my mother's daily life, not a neutral location. He had gone there specifically, not to a public record, not to a digital source. He had gone to a physical place where people knew my family and he had asked about me in person. There is a quality of effort in that which distinguishes it from the remote kinds of surveillance I had dealt with before. He had driven to my hometown. He had walked into a store. He had asked someone face to face. The third layer was the one that took longest to surface and it was this. How did he know about the hardware store specifically? My father's death and his employment history were not pieces of information I had ever shared in connection with my work. A general knowledge of my hometown might have produced the town's name and some demographic information, but the hardware store required more specificity than that. The store wasn't famous. It wasn't the kind of business that appeared in prominent searches. It was the kind of business you found if you were looking for the family, not if you were looking for the town. He had been looking for the family. I called my mother back that evening after I had sat with it long enough to have something useful to say, which took most of the afternoon. I told her that the man was not an old acquaintance, that I did not know who he was and that she should not give out any information about me or her own contact details to anyone she didn't know who was asking about me, regardless of how they characterized their relationship to me. I told her this as calmly as I could manage, which required effort because keeping my mother's anxiety at a manageable level required me to present mine as something less than it was. She asked several questions that I answered as honestly as I could without telling her the full context, which is a balance I have navigated with her before around my work and which requires a constant calibration of what she needs to know versus what would worry her without helping her. I told her I would look into it. She said she trusted me. The conversation cost something. I never called the number he had left at the hardware store. I want to account for this decision because it is not obvious. The argument for calling was information, a voice, something identifiable, some additional data point about who this was. The argument against calling was that calling would confirm I had received the message and that the message had reached its intended destination, which was the intended effect of leaving the number at all. The number was not left for the counter woman to call. It was left so that it would make its way to my mother or to me, establishing that he knew how to reach the people I was connected to and that he had made himself reachable to me as a kind of gesture. Calling would have been accepting that gesture. I did not accept it. I reached out instead to the platform I worked on and to a lawyer I had connected with after a previous incident and I began the process of documenting what had happened alongside what had happened before it, building a record that might eventually meet some threshold of actionability. The lawyer explained the relevant considerations in the patient way of someone who has had this explanation many times and the core of it was the same as it always is. The gap between deeply disturbing behavior and legally actionable behavior is wide and a man asking after someone by name at a hardware store and leaving a phone number falls inside that gap because his visit produced no overt threat and no harm. My mother called me the following week to say the neighbor had seen a car parked on the street near the hardware store again, a car she didn't recognize. She said it had been there for about an hour and then it was gone. She said it was probably nothing. She said it the way she always says things that are probably not nothing. I drove down the following weekend. I told her I had been wanting to visit, which was true always and which happened to be useful in this instance. I sat in her kitchen and I helped her with things around the house and I didn't mention the car or the man unless she brought them up, which she did once, briefly, on Saturday evening. She said she supposed people pass through sometimes and it didn't mean anything. I agreed with her. We watched a program she liked and I went to sleep in my childhood bedroom and lay there in the dark listening to the sounds of a town I had grown up in and thinking about the distance between what I had built my working life on, the premise of separation, of the wall between what I do and who I am, and the hardware store on the main street where a man had walked in and asked for me by name. He has not, as far as I know, been back. My mother has not mentioned another strange car. The phone number he left I have kept documented but have not contacted. There is no resolution to offer here because there is no resolution, only the ongoing accounting of a situation that is not closed. What changed is that my mother now calls me more often than she used to and more of her calls have a quality in them that I recognize as her checking something without saying she is checking it. I call her more often, too. The town I grew up in has always been the place I came from, but it was not a place I worried about before the Wednesday afternoon call. It is both of those things now and the second one did not replace the first. They exist together, the way knowledge tends to exist alongside whatever it was you knew before it arrived. The message came on a Thursday and I want to tell you about the quality of it before I tell you what it said because the quality is what has stayed with me more than the content. I have received difficult messages before. I have received messages that were cruel, messages that were inappropriate, messages that required immediate blocking and reporting. Those messages have a quality in common. They carry the weight of whatever emotion produced them, the heat of impulse or the bluntness of someone who doesn't care how they sound. This message had none of that. It was composed. It had been written and then, I believe, reviewed and revised and sent only when it was doing exactly what it was designed to do. That quality of care was the first thing that told me I was dealing with something different. He had been a subscriber for 5 months. I have gone back through those 5 months many times looking for the signal I missed and the signal was not there or not in a form I know how to read in retrospect. He tipped occasionally, not the escalating, attention-seeking tips that I later came to understand as one of the warning patterns, but modest amounts at intervals that registered as ordinary customer engagement. He messaged infrequently and the messages were transactional, the kind that require a brief acknowledgement and nothing more. He renewed on schedule. He was indistinguishable from hundreds of other accounts in the way that someone who has thought carefully about being indistinguishable is indistinguishable, not through natural ordinariness, but through the discipline of performing. It's a The message said several things. I'm going to tell you what it said without reproducing it because the specific words are not the point and because the specific words belong to an experience I am not required to spread further than it has already spread. In summary, he had recordings of content I had made available to subscribers, content that was behind a paywall and intended for a limited audience. He had my real name, which he acknowledged in the message as a demonstration that he had done research I had not intended to enable, and which he presented not as a threat, but as a proof of capability. Here is what I have found. Here is what I have recorded. Here is what I am prepared to do with both. He said he wanted things, specific things, and that whether those things came to pass would determine what he did with the recordings and the name. He said all of this in organized, sequential sentences that moved from the establishment of his position to the statement of his terms to the implication of consequences without a single phrase that would read to an outside observer as aggressive. It was constructed to be a negotiation rather than a threat because a negotiation is harder to report than a threat and because a negotiation implies that I have a role to play and a choice to make, which was exactly the dynamic he was creating. I set my phone down on the kitchen counter and I stood there for what I believe was about 4 minutes. I did not need time to understand the message. I needed time to do something with the understanding, to move it from the part of my mind that processes incoming information to the part that determines responses. The understanding was complete and immediate and unwelcome. The response took longer. I did not give him what he wanted. I want to state that plainly before I tell you what came next because what came next was difficult enough that I think people might assume I had complied and then something else went wrong. I didn't comply. I made that decision in those 4 minutes on the kitchen floor, and I made it for reasons that I can explain, but that don't fully capture the visceral quality of the choice. Compliance would have produced an outcome I could not control. Whatever he had, he would still have it, and whatever he had given me would have been false security purchased at a cost that would have established me as someone who could be made to pay. I knew this analytically. Knowing it did not make the decision feel simple. I took screenshots of the message first. Then I began the process of documentation, not because I was certain it would lead anywhere, but because documentation is the only preparation available when you don't yet know what you're preparing for. I forwarded everything to an email account I kept for records, and I began writing down the timeline of his subscription, everything I could remember about the interactions, the dates and amounts of tips, the content of the messages that had seemed ordinary at the time and now required re-examination. I wrote it all down before I did anything else because I knew that the clarity I had in that moment would degrade over time and that whatever came next would require accurate records. What came next was a second message sent 24 hours after the first asking if I had received the previous message and whether I had given his proposal consideration. The tone had shifted slightly, still organized, still controlled, but with a quality beneath the control that had not been there in the first message. The patience was performing more work now. He had expected a response and had not received one, and the performing of patience was covering that expectation's absence. I recognized this because I had spent years reading the emotional register of messages, and I was reading his carefully. I did not respond to the second message either. The third message came 2 days later, and the control was showing stress at the edges. It was still composed. He was committed to the composure as a strategy and maintained it as long as he could, but the gaps between the sentences were shorter, the phrasing less deliberate. He said he had not wanted things to be adversarial. He said he had approached this as a business matter and hoped I would treat it accordingly. He said he had given me ample time to consider, and that continued non-response would be understood as a choice with consequences. The word consequences was doing different work here than the implications had done in the first message. In the first message, consequences was implied with the distance of a business term. In the third message, it was closer and had lost some of its distance. I filed a report with the platform that same day. I had researched the platform's processes for this category of situation during the days between the second and third message, and I knew the report was necessary even if its outcome was uncertain. The report required documentation I had been building since the first message. I submitted everything and received an automated acknowledgement and began the wait for a human response that came 3 days later and contained a combination of sympathy and limitation. The account had been suspended pending review. The platform took these situations seriously. The legal system was the appropriate mechanism for the specific conduct being described, and they could not themselves intervene in that system. Accurate, useful in parts, and not a resolution. I also filed a report with the relevant authorities, which produced a case number and a follow-up call from an officer who was professional and thorough and who explained the legal landscape with the patience of someone who has explained it many times to people who needed it. Explained, the conduct described was potentially actionable under laws that varied by state and by specifics that my situation may or may not have met. An investigation could be opened. The investigation's outcome was uncertain. The recording of content made available to paid subscribers occupied a genuinely ambiguous legal space that different jurisdictions address differently. I should preserve all documentation. I should not engage with the individual. I should contact the department again if I received further contact. He sent one more message after the account suspension from a different account that had been created recently. The message said he was aware of what I had done and that it had changed nothing about his position. He said the materials he held were backed up in multiple locations. He said he had options I was not aware of and that he would be proceeding with them. The message had lost the composure of the first three entirely. The planning was still present, a new account, a considered statement of position, but the emotional register underneath it had surfaced. This was the version of the situation I had been waiting for, not because it was better, but because it was more honest about what the situation actually was, and honesty, even in a threat, is easier to work with than organized patience. I have not heard from him since that final message, which was sent 7 weeks after the first. The platform investigation concluded with a permanent ban. The legal investigation produced a file that remains open. My name, which he had and demonstrated having, exists in the world in ways I cannot control. And the recordings he claimed to have exist in whatever form they exist in and are beyond my reach. What I have learned to live with is the impossibility of the clean resolution, the understanding that situations like this end not with resolution, but with cessation, and that cessation is not the same thing. He stopped. That is the word for what happened. Not that the situation was resolved. Not that justice was served in a form I can point to. Not that the harm was undone or the materials destroyed or the name reclaimed. He stopped contacting me, and the stopping is what I have. And most days the stopping is enough to function inside. Some days it isn't. Some days the composure of that first message comes back to me with its full force. The organization of it, the revision and care, the months of ordinary subscriber behavior that preceded it, the patience of someone who had spent 5 months establishing that he was indistinguishable and then spent one Thursday demonstrating what the indistinguishability had been for. What troubles me most is not the threat itself. What troubles me is the planning, the length of the planning, the months of ordinary messages while the plan existed underneath them, complete and waiting. That kind of patience has no reassuring explanation that I have found. I noticed the account the way you notice a sound that repeats, not alarming the first time, not alarming the second, but accumulating into something that eventually requires acknowledgement. He had been a subscriber since my third month, which by the time things changed had been 7 months of what I understood as ordinary engagement. Modest tips, brief messages, renewals that happened without prompting, which I had come to understand as a sign of a satisfied customer rather than anything requiring further attention. He existed in the background of the subscriber base the way the best subscribers do, reliably present, low maintenance, generating revenue without generating situations. I had not given him particular thought. The shift was gradual enough that I cannot point to the message where ordinary became something else. It happened in the way that a temperature drops in the evening. You don't register the individual degrees, only the accumulated cold when you notice you are cold. The messages began to carry assumptions that hadn't been there before. Not different content exactly, but different texture, different weight behind the words. He began referencing things I had mentioned in passing, minor details about my week or my preferences in the way that people reference things that have been said between people who know each other, not in a remarkable way, in a familiar way, which is its own kind of remarkable when the familiarity hasn't been established. He began using my name differently. The name I used professionally was the one he had subscribed with knowledge of, the name attached to my account. He began using a variation of it, a shortened form that didn't appear in my account name, that I hadn't introduced, that felt like something he had chosen rather than something he had encountered. The choosing was the thing that registered. You don't shorten someone's name without a decision to do so, without some premise about the relationship that licenses the informality. He had made that decision privately and implemented it in his messages without asking whether the decision was one I would have agreed to. When I adjusted my subscription pricing, a business decision applied uniformly to all subscribers, announced with the standard notice, he messaged to say he understood that I needed to do what I needed to do. And that he just hoped I knew the value of what I was building. The message was warm. It was said in the tone of a partner who is being supportive about a difficult professional choice. A customer who has been told the price is going up says they will stay or says they won't. They do not say they hope you know the value of what you're That is the language of someone who has decided they are in a different relationship than the one that actually exists. I took 2 weeks off in September unannounced, which I had done before without incident. Over 14 days, he sent 12 messages. I have counted them and will tell you what the counting revealed, which is not just the number, but the progression. The first message asked if I was all right. The second said he had been thinking about me. The third asked if he had done something to cause offense. The fourth was briefer and said he was there when I was ready. The fifth through eighth tracked a slow arc from concern to something more pressured. Each one operating from the premise that my silence was a response to him specifically, rather than simply a thing I was doing that had nothing to do with him. The ninth said he didn't want to crowd me, but he needed to know I was okay. The 10th through 12th had a quality I can only describe as aggrieved, the tone of someone who feels that something has been withheld from them, that a communication they were owed has not been delivered. I had not communicated that I was taking time off. I had not communicated anything to him individually, ever, that would have established an obligation to explain my schedule. The premise of every message in that sequence, that my absence was something I owed him an account of, was a premise I had never agreed to and that he had installed into his understanding of our relationship without my participation. The relationship he was responding to was one he had constructed. I was not a party to its construction and had not consented to its terms. I did not respond to any of the 14 days of messages. This decision was made deliberately. I understood by the ninth or 10th message that responding, even to say that everything was fine and I had simply needed a break, would be engaging with the premise, would be accepting that his concern had been appropriate, that his expectation of communication had been reasonable, that I had something to answer for. I didn't accept the premise and so I didn't answer to it. I returned from the 2 weeks and posted as if the messages had not occurred. He did not mention the messages when I returned. He went back to ordinary engagement, brief, transactional, warm in a way that had always been warm and that I now read with different attention. The warmth had not changed. My understanding of it had. I was reading the same messages I might have read before and understanding them differently, understanding the premise embedded in every one of them, the assumption of an intimacy that existed on his side of the correspondence and not on mine. 3 weeks after I returned, I received a message that was different from all the ones before it in a specific way. He said he had noticed a detail in something I had posted that reminded him of something I had mentioned 8 months ago and he referenced it accurately, a minor thing I had said once in passing that I had not remembered saying. He referenced it with the ease of someone retrieving it from a catalog, not with the effort of someone who had remembered it. The ease was what alarmed me. It implied a record, a deliberate collection of the small things, maintained and accessible. You don't retrieve a minor detail from 8 months prior with that quality of ease unless you have stored it with the intent to retrieve it. I blocked the account the same day, not because the message was threatening, it wasn't, not in any way a platform would act on. I blocked it because the ease of that retrieval told me something about the nature and extent of what was being collected. And because I had reached a threshold I had been approaching for several weeks where the accumulation of small things had become a weight I was no longer willing to carry in exchange for the subscription revenue. The decision was immediate once I made it and the making of it took too long, which is something I am honest with myself about. What happened after the blocking is the part that taught me that silence in certain contexts is not always the safe option. Within 48 hours of the block, I received a message through a different platform, a professional platform I maintained under the same working name from an account I had never seen. The message said he had noticed his subscription had lapsed and wondered if there had been a technical issue. The account was new. The working name it referenced was mine. The assumption embedded in the message was the same assumption that had been embedded in all the previous messages, that we were in a relationship that required explanation when it changed, that his access was something that warranted account. I blocked that account as well and locked my other professional platforms from unsolicited messages. The next contact came through a comment on a post I had made on a platform I had not considered securing, brief and seemingly innocuous, referencing a detail that only a subscriber to my main account would have recognized. I removed the comment and restricted the account and spent the following week going through every platform I maintained with any presence, assessing each one for the same vulnerability. The contact eventually stopped, not because I addressed it or resolved it, but because he either stopped or moved to means I haven't detected, which are different things that I am careful not to conflate. Stopped means it ended. Undetected means something else. What I have been unable to stop thinking about is the catalog, the small things maintained across months, retrievable with ease, deployed in a single sentence to demonstrate their existence. I don't know how comprehensive it was. I don't know what it contained beyond the one detail he showed me. I don't know whether the catalog still exists, whether it is being added to from some source I haven't secured, whether the detail he referenced was chosen specifically because it would tell me he had it without telling me how much more there was. It may have been chosen exactly for that purpose. That kind of precision is available to people who are paying the kind of attention I now understand he was paying. I create content differently now in ways that are specific enough to be useful and that I keep private enough to maintain their usefulness. The catalog still exists somewhere. I can't do anything about the catalog. I can only make the next catalog harder to build, which is a different thing from safety and which is the thing I have instead.

- OnlyFans used by sex traffickers to lure victims and buyers: Kind: captions Language: en this is just one more Avenue that traffickers can use to make money McLennan County detective Joseph scaramucci has been investigating sex trafficking for more than a decade but in recent months much of his Focus has turned to social media giant only fans it's a subscription-based site you pick and choose who you want to see and pay accordingly for each account you want to access when we looked at specific cases targeting human trafficking there was very obvious signs of people that were under third party control pornographic images that look consent actual but scaramucci says there are high indicators the females in some of the pictures may be victims that have been coerced by sex traffickers it's a very very dangerous playground Allison Franklin is talking about internet sites that draw in young girls she herself is a former trafficking victim turned trafficker turned Advocate I can go on only Vans and see that's going to be a victim that's going to be something that will be a targeted because I was I was groomed by my tractor to look for that Allison says she fell in love with the man that would become her trafficker who then flipped her into becoming a recruiter we would Target girls online to bring them into our stable the lowest hanging fruit according to Allison women who are willingly selling themselves for sex online but she says teenagers hosting Beauty pics are also likely prey they post online I hate my mom on Facebook but there's a predator on the other side of that a Tracker right that is oh girl what's going on then nice picture and the grooming begins hey we can do this we can do that let's you know make some money together scaramucci says traffickers can and do solicit teenagers through direct messages on social media sites and if they can convince you to send a nude photo they will then raise the stakes and if you don't do it willingly the sextortion begins he's not just worried about consent but also the age of those posing in the sexually explicit images explaining it can be hard to tell if you're following the content of an adult or a minor while only fans does require creators to be 18 and go through an age verification process scaramucci says even the only fans improve verification process is insufficient I can defeat any age verification if I wanted to create my own account and have you just sign up for it you could do yours and next thing you know I'm the one that's actually in the content only fans set News 4 a statement saying they have multiple levels of checks in place to ensure only verified content creators are onboarded only fans explained they have a team and software that verifies the authenticity of IDs also that they have a global compliance sector that collaborates with law enforcement I came out to feed my deer Robert nicum makes this walk to the creek bed behind his house just about every day but earlier this month he noticed something was off as he looked down into the brush I noticed two small brown bucks nikum says he was curious decided to open one of the boxes up and I immediately knew that it was human cremains after doing some digging he discovered it was the ash of Johnny L Dawes he was in the U.S army from 51 to 53 in Korea he volunteered his life and inside the Box nicum found next to Johnny the second box we opened it later contained Mrs Dawes now Robbie J Dawes and Johnny eldos are here at this makeshift Memorial nikum has set up it really hurts that anybody would be dumped we hope nikkim Tracked Down Dawes son who's incapacitated and unable to help lay his parents to rest nikum found family in South Texas too but she declines to accept the ashes so now nikum is taking matters into his own hands let's give this man and his wife a proper barrier but he adds he needs help from the community to give Johnny and Robbie what he believes they deserve and I know many veterans associations across the United States would love to participate in something like this nikum is urging anyone who can help out with this project to reach out to him we'll post more information on how you can do so on our website news4sa.com local representative Philip Cortez the first to come back to Texas of the nearly 60 Democrats in Washington but doing so without ever telling his Democratic colleagues but today we talked with him about why he made the choice to leave and here's what he had to say it looks like you got caught up in a show of some kind the excitement of lean to DC and then when the pressure turned up he bailed and to me this is in no way um caving into any pressure this is about ensuring that when the bill comes before the Texas house because it will come whether it's in this special session or the next one that the governor is going to call in early August for another 30 days we're gonna have to face this bill sooner or later it's best that we can fix it as best as we can now that we have a seat at the negotiating table at the compromise table you may recall Governor Greg Abbott pledging to arrest to Democrats who fled to D.C upon their return to the state we asked representative Cortez if this was still a concern he tells us no and that he has been informally checked back into the house as of today and he is not under threat of arrest several Texas Senate Democrats also returned to the state today after supporting those house Democrats in the nation's capital and they say they want to keep the spotlight on sb1 it's the election bill that they believe restricts voting rights a total of nine Senate Democrats left the state just one person short of breaking Quorum so Senate Republicans were still able to take to the floor to pass the bill Senate Democrats who left for D.C praising their colleagues who stayed to fight sb1 on the floor and say they're committed to continuing the fight you feel you missed an opportunity to speak out against the election bill on the floor on behalf of your constituents I think there is more momentum certainly more on the subject than there's ever been before so I think it was successful the Texas Democrats are ready to bring the fight right here Texas lieutenant governor Dan Patrick taking to the mic to send a message to those house Democrats still holding out in Washington at a news conference today Patrick says while Democrats argue election security bills disenfranchise voters they in fact are disenfranchising the voters who elected them to office by not working at the state capitol if they really do want to solve this issue one let's drop this Jim Crow 2.0 rhetoric it's offensive it's tough to sit down and negotiate with someone when you're basically calling them a racist okay so do the Democrats why don't you knock that off number two quit talking about voter restriction and voter suppression this bill is not about that they know it if there's some issues they want to tweak and fix sit down at the table we're willing to listen meanwhile a large network of organizations and leaders coming together to plan a four-day 27 Selma to Montgomery style Texas Voting Rights march the March will begin in Georgetown on July 27th and it will end with a Rally in Austin on July 30th demonstrations will feature State and National clergy activists and Beto O'Rourke who now runs a voter Outreach organization the effort here is to speak out against the state's proposed election security bills and call for immediate Federal legislation I'm battle tested but contrary to popular belief I did not have a full head of hair before coven fresh from Cambridge Massachusetts new MetroHealth director Claude Jacob may be Whimsical about himself but he's deadly serious about kovid let's just be clear this virus loves company he wants to quarter the local population that hasn't been vaccinated to do so immediately and mask up until they do you don't lose your cool points by wearing a mask so really we want to just make sure that folks recognize that Jacob strongly encourages the 100 000 San antonians who have had their first dose to get their second but vaccines alone may not be enough an outbreak at hardest assisted living on Huebner Road where 42 people recently tested positive has his attention these outbreaks we pay a lot of attention on what happens these facilities most alarming 31 of the positives were from fully vaccinated residents Frontier management which runs the facility says of the 11 staffers who tested positive seven had either one or both doses we're not changing our course we're just making sure that we pay attention to what happened in that particular facility Jacob's arrival signals another significant change in local government the health department reports directly to me it doesn't report to an assistant city manager it's too critical Jacob is energized about not only fighting covid but other issues like teen pregnancy and domestic violence all while discovering what makes San Antonio different from Massachusetts I'm learning about the Gestalt here

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielmichaelfleiss2141 [3 likes]: Get these human traffickers off the streets!!…
  2. @Wolf-g6i [2 likes]: Tuk tuk patrol needs to be investigated. They run at least 20 women on Onlyfans. I have been investigating this for 2 years. They literally own this women.
  3. @Martin.G210 [1 likes]: Onlyfans needs to be shut down
  4. @scottemmons6409 [1 likes]: I mean the entire only fans app is a sex trafficking site. Not sure why the CEO isnt arrested already.
  5. @BruceWSims: You are NOT going to get this crap under control under you start naming names and providing info on who is IN and who is USING this World. After researching the Porn industry for almost five years I can state categorically that information about  actors, owners, operators and investment is all tightly controlled with investors having whole cadre of Lawyers on retainer. People need to understand that the underground archtype for the movers and shakers regarding sex in 
the United States is, in no way, the seedy backroom posited in  the media. We're talking sophisticated and well-funded networks
across the United States.  Please get a clue. 😮😮😮

- OnlyFans model Courtney Clenney charged with murder: Kind: captions Language: en THE AMERICAN RESCUE PLAN ACT. VIDEO JUST RELEASED SHOWS THE ONLY FANS MODEL ACCUSED OF KILLING HER BOYFRIEND BEATING HIM IN AN ELEVATOR WEEKS BEFORE THE MURDER SURVEILLANCE VIDEO FROM FEBRUARY SHOWS COURTNEY CLINI BEATING HER BOYFRIEND, CHRISTIAN, UM SALLY IN THE ELEVATOR OF THEIR MIAMI APARTMENT BUILDING. HE WAS STABBED TO DEATH IN APRIL, SHE WAS STILL IN THE APARTMENT WHEN POLICE ARRIVED. CLINTON'S LAWYER SAYS SHE ACTED IN SELF DEFENSE WHEN SHE KILLED HER BOYFRIEND. BUT TODAY, INVESTIGATORS SAY CLINTON WAS THE AGGRESSOR. SHE NOW FACES A SECOND DEGREE MURDER CHARGE. ALL THE NECESSARY STEPS ARE BEING TAKEN AS WE SPEAK. HER RETURN TO MIAMI TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THIS MURDER. CLINTON

  Top Comments:
  1. @StalkedByLosers [2 likes]: Take it from a survivor, as a man you lose the moment she reveals she is an abusive monster. It starts with mental abuse (messing with your head, manipulation, cheating) and it moves into Financial abuse and then the final is physical abuse. I've been there, lived through it all with my son's mother. The abuse is the WORST when you try to leave it. He was stabbed because he probably told her they are done and he went to go sleep on the couch and would be gone in the morning. So she stabbed him in the heart. I would not be surprised if he had mutilated his genitals also. Look, this guy was a nice guy and I see it he was raised like I was to never touch a woman the wrong way. Probably raised by a hard-ass overbearing single mom, probably she was a little mental and he learned to placate her as a way to survive her abuse growing up. That mentality of be subjugated and under a woman transferred to this relationship. Exactly what I went through, and exactly how I ended up in the same kind of relationship (and with a white woman no less!!!!)
Now for the more effed up part, if he had put her on her ass as she deserved as self-defense, there would be no sympathy and she would be let go immediately. Even when there is ZERO evidence he ever raised a hand at her even when its justified, he STILL has his name dragged through the mud and smeared. After I successfully divorced, my name had been smeared. I was every monster under the sun, with the help of her F3m1nist psychologists (which she went through 4 before she landed on the one that would take her case because they all said SHE was the crazy one). Then when they can't deny that SHE is the abusive one, they say "well they are doing it to eachother, they are abusive to eachother" which is saying yea it evens out somehow. WTF. The court luckily saw through her bullshit and awarded full custody to me. That was an amazing chapter to close, I still remember when she was pregnant and I could not take the abuse anymore I packed my shit and left and the last thing she said to me was that she would make sure I never see my son. I came back that night because of that. 2 years later after more cheating, a black eye, 2 police reports and a knife incident, I told her we are divorcing. This time she ran to a lawyer to file first, what a joke. I dont care who files, just fucking end it. But later I learned she did this to make it look like IM THE ABUSER and that she was actually leaving me. Fucking crazy bitch. Over the years she DID improve after a LOT of fucking therapy and I allowed my son to have her back in his life slowly.  But I stay the fuck away from her and keep my convos extremely short with her to very very succinct sentences and in text only (for evidence). This man lost the moment he met her, there is no winning from this. Now he's dead. This is what Female on Male abuse looks like. Male victims to women are WORSE off than Women victims to men because WE HAVE NO HELP, NO ONE BELIEVES US, NO SHELTER, NO INSTITUTION WILL BACK US UP!!! The world HATES men, and they want us to end up like Courtney's boyfriend (DEAD at HER hands!)
  2. @tomtom6734 [1 likes]: Damn she killed homeboy and then went to Hawaii for a vacation.
  3. @jaco7675 [1 likes]: It just goes to show that evil things can come in pretty packages.
  4. @jonstein9200: Isn’t it funny how she says that he tried to attack her and the funny
  5. @jonstein9200: Yeah, he was such a beta and she knew it. That’s why she wanted to be with him so she could beat on him. He is a sucker did he should’ve stood up for himself. He just stood there and let her let her punch him like seriously he’s allowed to defend himself and he didn’t.
  6. @RedBird7044: Crazy chick
  7. @jessegolden3589: 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤢🥴🤢🤮🤮🤮
  8. @jessegolden3589: Ugly thing for sure
  9. @lissalives1: I’m proud of him.  He didn’t hit her back.  R.I.P., Christian 🙏🏻
  10. @lynnmalasca1683: If I was that guy being punched on I would have beat the crap out of this entitled spoiled rotten human.  He's an angel showing great restraint not to lower himself to her scum level.
  11. @maximusprime3459: When OnlySimps goes wrong
  12. @edpeace6968: Almost certain, another case of meth rage, this time with tragic consequences. Kids growing up as brats now running the streets at will. This is our modern society.
  13. @noneofyerbiznessfu1330: Poor guy.
  14. @lowkeyIbes: He’s too nice…I would’ve Ray Riced the bih after the second slap.
  15. @narinoelle1968: I never comment on anything but this case I just had to.
Self defense?? are you kidding me??? where are all the brainiacs? Helloooooo🤔  it doesn't take a scientist or a seasoned detective or a psychic to know that she is guilty❗❗❗❗❗ women can be just as abusive. ( I am a loving mom).
I bet you a child can solve this crime.
 I'm so glad that Justice was served; she was charged with his murder as his loving family didn't give up. He was a wonderful human being so young to be gone, may he rest in peace 🕊️ 🕊️ 🕊️
  16. @BS-sn2fb: Domestic violence does not have a gender
  17. @miriamhernandez6329: I think she is the one that was the aggressor. She stabbed her boyfriend and she should pay for what she did!!!!
  18. @elizabethfigueroa6159: Men can be victims too, this is heartbreaking, I hope men can speak up against abuse too.
  19. @milesaway3699: Why did he get in the elevator? Even without audio you can tell he was taunting her the whole elevator ride. He messed with the bull and got the horns.
  20. @robertkelley9195: Eugenics is the answer to your country’s issue with it’s decaying gene pool; no wonder your politicians are laughing at you...definitely the next Rome.

- Missouri teacher placed on leave for OnlyFans account: Kind: captions Language: en WAS 6 TO 4. NOTIFIED. TONIGHT, A MISSOURI HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER IS ON LEAVE AFTER LEADERS DISCOVERED HER PROFILE ON AN ADULT WEBSITE CALLED ONLY FANS. CHIEF LEGAL ANALYST CLIFF ROSE JOINING US NOW. AND I'M GOING TO BE VERY TRANSPARENT. ALL OF OUR VIEWERS. I HAD NEVER HEARD OF THIS WEBSITE. ONLY FANS A FIRST. I THINK THERE'S SOME PEOPLE OUT THERE LIKE ME. I THINK PEOPLE ARE CLOUDING IN THE NEWSROOM SAYING YOU NEVER HEARD OF IT, BUT WHAT IS IT? IS IT IF IT'S LEGAL? IT WAS YOU WHEN YOU SAID YOU DIDN'T HEAR IT. I WAS ACUTELY AWARE OF IT. ONCE HE CAME OUT A FEW YEARS AGO, BUT IT'S A WEBSITE WHERE YOU CAN GO IN AND IT'S NOT FOR JUST, YOU KNOW, PORNOGRAPHIC ENTERTAINMENT, BUT HE'S GIVING YOU ACCESS WHERE YOU DO A SUBSCRIBER BASE SYSTEM. A LOT OF CELEBRITIES HAVE ONLY FANS PAGES WHERE THEY SUPPLEMENT THEIR EXTREMELY ENORMOUS FANS INCOME WERE GIVES YOU LIKE A BACK INTEREST TO THEIR LIVES, SOMETIMES SHOWING, YOU KNOW, PRIVATE SNIPPETS THAT THEY DON'T WANT RELEASED ANYWHERE ELSE. BUT GIVING YOU THAT INTIMATE RELATIONSHIP WHERE YOU'RE PAYING A SUBSCRIBER FEET FROM 15 TO MAYBE $75 PER SUBSCRIPTION TO BE ABLE TO ACCESS TO THAT CELEBRITY. SO THIS TEACHER THAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT, THEY FOUND OUT THAT SHE HAD THIS SO SHE'S MAKING SOME MONEY ON THE SIDE. WAS SHE DOING ANYTHING ILLEGAL AND WHICH HE GET FIRED FOR THIS? THAT'S THE QUESTION I THINK IS EXTREMELY ME BECAUSE WE HAVE TO REMEMBER THESE ARE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS THAT WE'RE TALKING A CONSTITUTIONALLY PROTECTED EVEN THOUGH SHE'S NOT SAYING THAT ANYTHING. YOUR ACTIONS ARE SOMETIMES CONSIDERED YOUR SPEECH. SO ATTEMPTING TO ATTACK SOMEONE OR REMOVE THEM FROM THEIR JOB FOR DOING AN ACTION THAT THEY'RE NOT DOING WHAT THE JOB IS PROBLEMATIC IN MOST PLACES. I MEAN, IT'S SO I WOULD ASSUME THAT I SPOKE TO A NUMBER OF SCHOOL BOARD MEMBERS HERE THAT THERE'S A PROPERTY AT A COUPLE OF AREAS WHERE THEY MAY BE ABLE TO TERMINATE HER FIRST. IT COULD BE IN SOMETHING CALLED A SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY WITH THE TIKTOK AND FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM, ALL THOSE TYPE OF SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS SCHOOL DISTRICT HAVE IMPLEMENTED THESE PLANS ON WHAT YOU CAN SAY. NO HATE CRIMES, YOU KNOW, NO MOST LIKING OR RETWEETING OF OF OF OF SEE MATERIALS. THAT COULD BE ONE WAY AND IN HER EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT NEEDING TO SEE EXACTLY WHAT IT SAYS IN THERE. SO THOSE WILL BE 2 AVENUES. BUT IF I'M ARGUING IT, MOST OF THEM POINT TO SOMETHING ABOUT CALLED OBSCENE CONTENT. THE SCENE IS IN THE EYE OF THE BEHOLDER. WHAT ONE PERSON MAY BELIEVE IS OBSCENE. ANOTHER PERSON MAY SEE IT IS OKAY. AND I ONLY POINT TO THE SUPREME COURT WHEN I WAS IN LAW SCHOOL. THE POINT IS SOMETHING TALKING ABOUT POOR KNOW AND IN THE JUSTICE IT YOU'LL KNOW IT WHEN YOU SEE IT. WELL, IN THIS CA CASE WHERE THIS IS NOT A PERSON HAS TO IMPORT ALL, MAYBE JUST TAKING PICTURES OF HERSELF WITH HER SHIRT OFF AND NOT ENGAGE IN ANY ACTIVITY. AND IT'S HARD TO SAY AT BEST OF SCENE. IT REALLY JUST DEPENDS ON WHO IS THE VIEW. WELL, THEY'RE SAYING THERE'S AN INVESTIGATION GOING ON THIS PARTICULAR TEACHER. SO WHAT WOULD THEY BE LOOKING FOR? BECAUSE I THINK IT'S KIND OF CLEAR CUT IF THERE IS A SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY IN PLACE AS A PARENT. I WOULD SAY, WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT, YOU WANT TO ABIDE BY THAT POLICY. BUT THIS IS A SIDE HUSTLE AND SHE'S MAKING MONEY DOING THIS LONG IS NOT ILLEGAL. I MEAN, IT WASN'T AS I DO SEE A $42,000 YEARS TEACHER GETS 10,000 PER MONTH FOR HER ONLY FANS PAID. SO I THINK HER TEACHING JOB IS PROBABLY THE SIDE HUSTLE. BUT I'D SAY FOR SURE THAT THIS INVESTIGATION WILL LOOK FOR THINGS THAT CAN CONNECT TO THEIR POLICY. AND IF YOU FIND THINGS THAT SHOE AS THE TRIER OF FACT, WITH THE INVESTIGATOR PHASE TO BE OUTSIDE OF THE POLICY AND YOU HAVE ALL THE EVIDENCE YOU NEED THAT. THE TERMINATOR REAL QUICK, WHAT YOU THINK THIS IS THE HEART, HER ABILITY TO EVER BECOME A TEACHER? YOU DEFINITELY. BUT I DON'T THINK

  Top Comments:
  1. @quack-quack-m6u [20 likes]: 😂😂He said backdoor entrance.. I like this fella.
  2. @johnnyb3126 [15 likes]: The new guy seems to know an awful hell of alot about onlyfans 🤣🤣
  3. @mgicdncer [7 likes]: Maybe, if teachers were paid, they would not have to resort to an onlyfans account. I hope the school officials, that discovered her account, enjoyed her site and tipped well.
  4. @IncredibleHoosier [6 likes]: I don’t see a problem with her having a only fans account.
  5. @CPT_Pepper [6 likes]: She's supplementing her income! 😏 Teachers don't make much at all!...😒🙄🤷🏾‍♀️
  6. @jrod608 [6 likes]: Would a news anchor be fired for being on OnlyFans?
  7. @IndigenousROOTS1 [3 likes]: SHE KNOW WHAT  ONLY FANS IS.😂😂
  8. @yurimessiah [2 likes]: lmfao as long as she acts accordingly during her job hours who gaf what a grown ass adult does in their personal life 😭😭 the school board has nothing to do with that and it's not their business. this is so dumb.
  9. @stressbean1707 [2 likes]: They should fire her. The hell she teaching these kids. Makes u wonder how she even got the job in the first place as well.
  10. @panacheautomotive4298 [1 likes]: Morality clause in her contract... do better.
  11. @dannymolek6767 [1 likes]: And now she's being held for sending nudes to a 16 year student & attempted grape. Lol
  12. @johndoee3850 [1 likes]: Is she pretty 😍??
  13. @artmanjohn2 [1 likes]: What you guys are not saying is that a majority of women (and Men) on OnlyFans are basically having sex on camera or "masterbat..ng" live on camera! This is where some women are making very large amounts of money!
  14. @otownblue7974: so .........who was the person that found it
  15. @startuphub4097: Figures, it happens in middle America. Americans are addicted to porn and it's a cinch to access it for free. Furthermore, after earning huge $$$, do you even think they're still using "paying off college loans" as an excuse? Come on people! It's justification for something they like doing. And people who end up selling personal porn end up looking and dressing like that in school. Do you not see how school boys will look at those overly madeup teachers. Kids are not that dumb in the ways of the world. They are a lot smarter and adults are a lot dumber in the tech age. By the way, teachers undermining the dignity and value of women should not be teachers, period. It's just disgusting people are so afraid to call people out on their bad choices when it comes to public education. Are ya'll not aware, women teachers are grooming boy students for sex nowadays? Look it up!
  16. @XoxJasonReynoldsxoX: Just think about this: How many of your opinions of your school teachers would have been different had you seen their bleached buttholes? Because I don't think I am capable of viewing ANY of my former teachers with the same level of respect after see them show their buttholes for cash. Perhaps this is why most porn people do not moonlight as school teachers to young and impressionable human beings.
  17. @Cheap_Flights: Look at the media make absolutely sure they can inform as many people (kids) as possible as to where they can go to make money degrading yourself and ruining your future for short term financial gain. This is a prime example of the deep state intentionally trying to destroy this country

- 6 True OnlyFans Horror Stories That Will Haunt You Forever: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back to Horror Stories. I know many of you use these episodes to fall asleep. So before you drift off, I'd love it if you could leave a comment letting me know where you're listening from around the world. Also, don't forget to like and subscribe if you're enjoying the episodes. Story one. I started an Only Fans account during the summer to support myself while studying, and everything was going pretty well until I posted my shopping wish list. Sometimes fans want to give their favorite model gifts, so I thought, why not let them know what I like? It was a smart move to get the things I wanted. After dinner, I went out jogging at night. I work all day, so I barely have time to exercise. I was running down an empty street. The street lights were the only thing lit up in the neighborhood besides me. I stopped under a tree to catch my breath and noticed a black van parked across the street. I saw a silhouette inside the vehicle and I could tell they were watching me, but I couldn't quite make out the face because the inside of the car was so dark. I felt a little uneasy, so I started running faster. As I moved, the vehicle began following me. I ran full speed to my house and locked the door behind me. From the living room window, I saw the van stop in front of my house, and the driver's side window slowly rolled down. I recognized the man driving. It was my uncle, my dad's cousin. A chill ran through my whole body as I watched him drive away. I instinctively ducked so he wouldn't see that I had noticed him. The next morning, I went to check the mailbox. There was an envelope addressed to me from Only Fans. Inside was $100, but no note. At that time, I was still living with my parents, who didn't know anything about my Only Fans account, so I didn't say a word. Weeks later, I saw him at Thanksgiving dinner with my aunt. He stayed in a corner, watching me the entire time. It was very strange how he looked at me in the middle of a room full of people. I avoided him as much as I could until at one point, I didn't see him anymore and went to the kitchen to grab a soda from the fridge. As I opened it, I heard him behind me. Hi, Martha. I smiled awkwardly. Hi, Uncle Richie. I started walking away, but this time he followed me. How's school? He asked. Huh? Good. Do you have any plans for the holidays? Not yet, I replied with one-word answers, hoping he'd leave me alone. Then he said something that chilled me to the bone. I must say, for a girl your age, you look quite developed, if you know what I mean. I saw my dad from across the room. I was so disturbed by his comments that I shouted, "Dad, Uncle Richie is saying something to me. Come here." Richie's face changed immediately. I could see the tension in his eyes as he shot me a furious look and walked away without saying anything to my father. When my dad got there, he asked, "Didn't you say Richie wanted to tell me something? Yeah, I think he went to the bathroom. Maybe he's not feeling well from all the wine, I answered. My dad shrugged and went back to the party. For the rest of the night, my uncle didn't even look at me again. A few days passed. One night, it was raining heavily. The thunder and lightning kept me from sleeping, so I decided to upload some photos for my followers. I put on a pink swimsuit and took a few pictures in front of the mirror. Suddenly, I noticed the reflection of my window in the mirror. My room is on the ground floor, right in front of the street. Outside was the same black van parked in front of my window. This time, the driver's side window was down. My uncle was sitting inside, watching me with binoculars. I ran to close the curtains. At that moment, I heard the roar of the engine and the screech of tires as he sped off. That night, I cried myself to sleep. I didn't log in again for 2 days. Then out of nowhere, I received a message from my uncle. Hi Martha, it's Uncle Richie. Ever since I found your Only Fans, I can't stop admiring how beautiful you are. I was thinking maybe some of my friends and I could subscribe to your page. Do you have any friends who also have Only Fans? My buddies would love to subscribe to them, too. Don't be shy. I blocked him completely. I no longer attend any gatherings where there's a chance I might run into Uncle Richie. My parents don't know anything because they'd never accept that I have an Only Fans account. I swear if he ever comes near me, I'll slap him. The story you just heard is loosely based on a real and chilling event experienced by Only Fans model Carly Brooks. Carly has been working on the platform for a while, and her followers appreciate her a lot. Everything was going fine until one night she received a message from her own uncle who wanted to join her Only Fans. Carly publicly shared the disturbing message and it went viral. Story number two. All of this happened in my home country, Brazil. A friend of mine had an acquaintance named Antonio. I never met him in person, but everyone who had told me he was a really funny guy. And as it often happens with men who have a sense of humor and are somewhat attractive, he was quite popular with women. One day, Antonio told my friend that he had landed a date with a model. "A model? Are you serious?" My friend said, "Anyone famous?" "Maybe," Antonio replied as he handed him his phone. On the screen was an open only fans page. The girl didn't have many photos or videos uploaded, which made it clear her account was pretty new. Still, my friend recognized her instantly. It was a local woman named Isabella. Young, incredibly attractive, one of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen. According to his own words, she had an asked like an onion, enough to make any man cry. Antonio had met her in our small town, and after a brief conversation, he asked for her number. But instead of giving it to him, she took his phone and directly showed him her only fans page. From there, he became her follower. He sent her a direct message and asked her out. Isabella turned him down at first, but Antonio kept insisting. Instead of replying with words, Isabella sent him a locked image behind a payw wall equivalent to about $50. Antonio had money so driven by curiosity, he paid without thinking twice, expecting a spicy picture. But the image wasn't what he expected. It was just a message with a time and a location for the supposed date. It also said to bring money to pay for dinner. As I mentioned, my friend knew exactly who Isabella was, and he also knew she had a boyfriend, a guy with a terrible reputation named Davi. Davi was known for hanging around dangerous people, being involved in shady stuff, and just looking at his face, you could tell he wasn't someone to mess with. My friend warned Antonio to be careful, to cut off contact with Isabella, and not to go to that date. But Antonio didn't listen because Isabella assured him she was single and no longer with Davey. That night, Antonio got dressed up and headed out on his scooter to meet Isabella. My friend, also being a curious man, decided to subscribe to Isabella's account himself. It only cost a few ri a month, so it didn't seem like a big investment. There wasn't much content, but clearly Isabella went for quality over quantity. My friend wasn't disappointed with what he saw. He logged off around 11 at night and went to sleep. The next morning, he messaged Antonio asking how everything had gone. No response. Antonio usually replied quickly, so he thought maybe things had gone well and that he was still with her. He waited until the afternoon. Still nothing. It wasn't too strange coming from Antonio. Maybe he was just busy enjoying a special afternoon. But days passed and there was still no word from him. My friend reached out to all of Antonio's acquaintances, including his boss. No one had seen him since that night. The worry began to grow. The authorities, however, didn't seem too interested in helping. They said Antonio was an adult and had probably gone off on a trip on his own. After all, his scooter was never found. Meanwhile, Isabella kept posting content on her account like nothing had happened. Since my friend was still following her, he decided to send her a direct message asking if she knew anything about Antonio and whether he was okay. Instead of replying with text, Isabella sent a locked image behind a $50 payw wall. Just one image with no message. My friend didn't have much money, but something inside told him he had to see it. He paid and unlocked it. It was a close-up photo of a dirty shovel clearly held by a man's hand. In the background of the image, you could see a hole in the ground big enough to fit a person. The image had a single phrase. What do you think? My friend didn't want to believe what his eyes were seeing, but deep down in his heart, he knew the truth. He knew he would never see Antonio again. He desperately tried to reach out to Isabella again, but she never replied. She continued posting for a while, but both she and Davyy disappeared from the town shortly after Antonio's disappearance. There was no way it was just a coincidence. Everything pointed to both of them being involved in what happened? So, what really happened that night? Scenario one, Davey was using Isabella as a front, forcing her to upload photos to make money. She was the face, but he was behind the messages. And together, they set a trap to lure Antonio. Scenario two. Davey didn't know Isabella had that account or that she had set up a date with someone. When he found out he lost control, maybe Isabella, seeing that Antonio dressed well and looked like he had money, chose him as the perfect target. Maybe they robbed him and he tried to resist. Perhaps they had planned from the beginning to get rid of him and take whatever he had. Sadly, the police didn't do much. Davi had certain connections with the authorities, so there's a chance they intentionally covered it all up. The official story was that both Dabbby and Isabella had simply left town. Several months passed with no one seeing them again. My friend kept an eye on Isabella's account, hoping to find a clue. He thought that would be the end of everything until one night he got a notification. Isabella had uploaded a new image. He logged in immediately to see it. It was a post sent to all her followers titled My Last Post. The image was blurry. It showed Isabella in a dark forest. She had a black eye, cuts on her face, and an expression of absolute terror. Her hands were raised in front of her face as if she were trying to shield herself from something or someone. There was no caption explaining the photo. Both the image and her account were deleted shortly after. [music] Davyy never showed up in town again. And for everyone's sake, I hope he never does. Story number three. Some time ago, I opened an Only Fans account. I know what many of you might be thinking, but at the time, I was single, and it seemed like a pretty harmless way to make some extra money. I started by posting very mild content and gradually got into more daring images. It's not something I'm particularly proud of, but I'm not ashamed of it either. At the time, I was living with my parents, so I had to be very careful about creating content. As I mentioned, I wasn't ashamed, but I knew they wouldn't take it well. That's why I always waited until they were out of the house before recording any videos or taking pictures. I didn't tell any of my friends either, afraid that somehow it would get back to my parents. It was a very private thing for me. After just a few months, I couldn't believe how much money I was making on the platform. I had built up a solid follower base and steady monthly income, so I decided to treat myself. My clothes were a bit outdated, so I wanted to update my wardrobe. I went to a local store to pick out some new outfits. It might sound strange to some, but while I was in the store, I started a live stream for my Only Fans followers. I talked to them about updating my style and asked for their opinions on the clothes. I used to do these kinds of live streams on a private YouTube channel exclusive to my followers. I thought it helped to build a sense of community. Many enjoyed seeing glimpses of my daily life at a cafe, shopping, or just blogging from my apartment. I would usually reply to their comments and interact with them. For the most part, they behaved respectfully during the streams, and I started recognizing some of their names. It was all quite wholesome in that sense. I was walking around the store with the camera in selfie mode, talking to my fans. After about 20 minutes, I ended the live stream. That same night, while checking my page, I noticed that one of my regular followers had left me a message. Thanks for wasting our time and money by lying to all of us. You never said you had a boyfriend. [music] Consider this the end of my support. I was confused. Boyfriend? Where did he get that from? This guy was one of my biggest supporters, so it hurt to see him leave like that. Naturally, I messaged him right [music] away. Hey, I'm single, free as a bird. I don't know who told you otherwise, he replied. Do you think I'm stupid or what? It might have taken me a couple of months to notice, but it's clear you're with someone. That guy is always in the background of your streams. He was with you in the store today, too. What are you talking about? I asked. The guy in the green shirt, he answered. Poor guy. Honestly, must be hard dating someone who does what you do. I went back and reviewed the recording from that day. And yes, 5 minutes into the stream, over my left shoulder, you could clearly see a man in a green shirt walking fairly close to me. He was tall, well-built, looked to be in his 20s, but already had deep under eye bags and thinning hair. At first, I thought it proved nothing, just another shopper in the store. But I kept watching the video and sure enough, the same guy appeared multiple times in the background, always behind me. It was as if he was following me. Still, I clung to the idea that it might just be coincidence. However, the followers words wouldn't leave me alone. He said he had seen that man in other streams, too. I went back and reviewed a previous live stream, the one at the mall. At first, everything seemed normal until I saw him. the same man in the same green shirt walking behind me in the distance. That live stream lasted 47 minutes and he appeared in almost all of it. Sometimes farther away, sometimes very close, but always behind me. The video ended with me sitting at a cafe and he was sitting alone just a few tables away. His dark eyes never left me. I hadn't noticed him at all. At that point, I started getting scared. This couldn't just be a coincidence anymore. I went back through older streams, videos in the city, walking the dog, relaxing at the beach. He was in all of them, and in most of them, he was wearing that same green shirt. This man, whom I had never seen in my life, had been following me almost daily. I had no idea who he was, but clearly he knew a lot about me. I didn't know what to do. He had never approached me or tried to speak. My dad worked in law enforcement, but I didn't feel capable of telling him about this. I decided to stop posting content for a while, stay alert, and wait for things to settle down. I figured if he saw I wasn't posting anymore, he'd lose interest. How naive I was. A couple of weeks went by, and to my relief, I didn't see him around town. I thought my plan had worked. Even though my followers were getting impatient and my income was dropping, I saw it as a fair price for my safety. One weekend, my parents went away on a romantic getaway. Taking advantage of being alone, I decided to upload new content to revive my account. That night, I made dinner, opened the kitchen window to let the air in, and then went upstairs to take some photos. After uploading them, I started a live stream to apologize to my followers for being away and to announce that I was back. The salty food had made me [music] really thirsty, so during the stream, I went downstairs to grab my water bottle from the living room. I had my phone with me, scrolling through comments as I walked. Then I read one that froze me. Hey, Mellowcat, who's that man at your window? I looked at my phone screen. In the corner, barely visible, was the blurry silhouette of someone standing in the darkness right behind me. I turned around and there he was, the man in the green shirt. He had gloved hands pressed against the glass of the living room window and his face was so close to the glass I could see his wide crazed eyes filled with a disturbing excitement. I screamed at the top of my lungs and ran upstairs, still holding my phone. I locked myself in the bathroom and called my parents crying, telling my dad what was happening. There's a man outside the house, the same one who's been following me. He said they were on their way, told me not to panic, and said my mom was already calling the police. We lived in a very isolated area, so we had no neighbors to run to. My dad instructed me to run to the attic and stay there quietly until help arrived. I followed his instructions. I left the bathroom and after just a few steps, I heard soft noises coming from the kitchen. Then I remembered I had left the window open. That man was inside my house. The attic entrance was in my parents' [music] bedroom. As I made my way there, I heard his voice from downstairs. Where are you, Mellowcat? He was looking for me and using my only fan's username. I ran into my parents' room and slammed the door shut. As I locked it, I heard him charging up the stairs. I bought just enough time to pull down the attic ladder and climb up. While I was climbing, I could hear him slamming against the door. I managed to get all the way up and pulled the ladder up behind me, sealing the hatch. I stayed up there holding my breath, my hand covering my mouth. He had broken through the door. I could hear things being smashed and thrown around below. He was shouting insults and saying he knew I was still there. The terror didn't last long, maybe 5 minutes, but to me, it felt like an eternity. Eventually, everything went quiet. I waited until I heard the sound of police sirens pulling into the driveway. My parents arrived shortly after. During the investigation, the forensics team checked the doorork knobs for fingerprints. They found none, but they did find traces of trickloroethane chloroform, probably from a rag. or his gloves. The only thing he took was my laptop. On it, I had photos I had never uploaded online. It was clear he came for the real stuff. But after seeing the escape, he settled for the files. Since then, I haven't posted anything. I didn't even say goodbye to my followers because I know he was one of them. I ended up telling my parents everything and moved in with my sister in another city for safety. I won't say where for obvious reasons. He, the one in the green sweater, might be listening. And yes, even though we have fairly clear images of his face, and we know he was someone local, one of my own followers, they never managed to find him. I never found out how he got my address. All I can do is be grateful that I went downstairs for water when I did, and that one of my followers noticed and warned me just in time. Because if that man had gotten in while I was still live streaming upstairs, I might not be here today to tell this story. Story number four. Well, this is my story. I was 19 when I got fired from my job as a barista. After finishing high school, I had no motivation to go to college or get a degree. My parents kept telling me that if I didn't find another job within a year, they would kick me out of the house. The problem was I hated regular jobs. I couldn't stand the idea of having a boss and someone else controlling every aspect of my life. That's when I discovered Only Fans. A friend of mine told me she was doing it full-time and that it was her only source of income. At first, I couldn't believe that was even possible. So, I started researching what I could offer on the platform and decided to create my own profile. For context, I'm a woman and at the time I still lived with my parents. Well, 3 months after launching my account, I was already earning enough to move out on my own. Everything was going great until one of my followers sent me a message. I don't know if you or anyone reading this has ever been on Only Fans, [music] but it basically works through subscriptions. My content consisted of pictures of me in bikinis, lingerie, and things like that. One night, I got a message from one of my subscribers. I usually respond and interact with everyone who writes to me, but this message was different. The username was Mr. Number One. He wrote saying he was my number one fan. [music] In fact, he claimed he was my only fan. I thought he was joking, but he wasn't. He demanded that I delete all my other subscribers and leave only [music] him as my exclusive follower. I replied that this was my source of income and that I wasn't going to delete anyone. That didn't sit well with him. That's when he started calling me by my real name, my full name. That sent chills down my spine because my Only Fans account is anonymous. I use a stage name and never show my face. But somehow he knew exactly who I was. And then came the worst part. He threatened to show all of my Only Fans photos to my parents if I didn't do what he asked. In that moment, I lied. I told him my parents already knew about the account and that he was wasting [music] his time. He didn't message again for a week until Friday night came. I was in my room working on new ideas for the account when the doorbell rang. It was 1:00 in the morning. I jumped. I heard my parents' bedroom door open, then my dad's footsteps coming down the stairs. My heart sank when I saw him open the front door. There was a giant Christmas box on the doorstep. And the moment I saw it, I knew exactly what was inside. My dad brought the box in. Inside were hundreds of printed photos of me taken from my Only Fans account. On top of everything was a note written [music] in black marker that said, "This is what your daughter does for money." It was without a doubt the most humiliating and terrifying moment of my entire life. I had to sit down with my parents [music] and explain everything. I told them I had an Only Fans account. My dad's first concern was figuring out who had dropped off the box. I told him it was a crazy subscriber who had been stalking me. After that incident, my dad had a new security system installed throughout the house, and I was grounded until I moved out last year. My parents made me delete the account, but I only pretended to. Today, I live alone in my own apartment, and I still keep my Only Fans account active as it's still my main source of income. But what happened to me taught me something very important. It's incredibly easy for someone to find out who you really are and expose you. That guy is no longer one of my followers, and honestly, I hope I never ever run into him again. Story number five. I'm going to tell this story anonymously for obvious reasons related to what I do. I have an Only Fans account, and in fact, it's my main source of income. Actually, it's a project I share with my boyfriend. We manage it together like a business. What helped me find success on the platform was that we had a pretty unique niche. Our content revolved around visiting supposedly haunted places and filming there. We made videos in abandoned farms, crumbling Victorian houses, and even in deteriorated cabins. And well, this story happened when we found a very interesting old house deep in the New Jersey woods. It was a completely ruined home hidden among trees and bushes. To get there, we had to walk at least half a kilometer through the forest. Honestly, it was one of the most striking and perfect places we'd ever found a shoot. Until that happened. My boyfriend and I arrived at the house around midm morning. The heat was intense and inside the place it was even more suffocating. And yes, to be completely honest, we were trespassing [music] on private property since there were signs all over that said no trespassing. But at that moment, we didn't really care and decided to go ahead with our plan. Once inside, we started setting up the lights and cameras we had brought. We spread out some sheets and prepared a small, clean corner inside that dirty, crumbling place. That's when we heard a sound. It came from the hallway from one of the nearby rooms. And the creepiest part was that it sounded like someone was softly singing or humming a tune. We looked at each other as if trying to convince ourselves that we hadn't heard anything. We wanted to believe it was all in our imagination, but then we started to hear footsteps. We were in a room at the back on the ground floor. At first, we had heard the singing coming from the hallway, and now those footsteps were heading directly toward us. A paralyzing fear took over me. It had never crossed our minds that someone else could be inside that house while we were filming. Quickly, we began packing up all our gear into our backpacks. We rushed toward the nearest window. My boyfriend tried to open it with all his strength, but it was stuck. That was the exact moment a woman appeared in the doorway. She was skeletal, completely bald, with no eyebrows. She was singing Mary had a little lamb while staring straight at us. She wasn't wearing any clothes, just an old worn out blanket. I swear looking at that woman felt like staring straight at the devil. I started screaming at my boyfriend to open the window however he could. The woman began walking toward us with her arms outstretched. [music] Desperate, my boyfriend shattered the glass with a piece of equipment he was carrying. He pushed me out first and then climbed out right behind me. I could see he was bleeding from the cuts he got from the broken glass. I tried to help him with the wound, but he told me to leave it and started pulling me to get away from there as fast as possible. We started running like maniacs through the trees. putting as much distance as we could between us and that cursed house before we completely disappeared into the woods. I looked back one last time. She was still there, standing at the broken window, hand raised, waving goodbye with a chilling smile. After that incident, my boyfriend [music] and I decided to stop visiting abandoned places. We realized that no matter how exciting it seemed, it was far too dangerous and honestly a really dumb idea. I still have my Only Fans account. Of course, I had to change the kind of content I create, but luckily I still have a good number of followers and things are going well. So, yeah, take care out there. Story number six. Let my story serve as a warning to anyone thinking of opening an Only Fans account or really for anyone who uses social media. I have an Only Fans account, although to be honest, I don't take it very seriously. I post a couple of photos a month, if that. To give a little context, [music] I'm 21 years old, female, and still live with my parents. I don't have a huge number of subscribers, but I have a decent amount. One night, I was replying to a few messages that had come in through Only Fans when I noticed a new one. It was from a user named Jack D. Jack D wrote saying I was the most beautiful creation God had ever made. Along with the message, he left a $100 tip. I replied thanking him for his generosity and kind words. He responded saying that was nothing and that if I agreed to be his wife, I would live in a mansion in Hollywood, drive the finest cars, and eat like a queen. I get these kinds of messages fairly often, especially on Only Fans. There are men who try to impress you with money and always promise a life of luxury if you agree to be with them. As tempting as it may sound, I always reject those offers. I don't know these men, and I'm simply not interested. I did the same with Jack D. I turned him down politely, but he didn't take it well at all. He started insulting me, saying I was just another typical internet girl who was only out for money. He called me awful things. I was about to block him when he sent me a screenshot of my personal Instagram account. He said he knew exactly who I was, where I lived, and that if I didn't agree to marry him, there would be consequences. I've dealt with weird people online before, but this guy was completely unhinged. And somehow he had found my real social media accounts. I didn't respond. I just blocked him on Only Fans. The next night, I got a message on Instagram from an unknown account. I opened it and it was Jack D again. He said he was never far from me and that I would be his wife no matter what. I didn't respond to him either. I blocked him again and set my Instagram to private. A few days after that, my dad called me into his office, the one he uses to work from home. He was sitting in front of his computer and asked me to take a look at something. He had pulled up footage from our home security cameras on the screen. He rewound the video a bit and then paused. The image showed the side of the house right where my bedroom is. He pressed play and in the video you could see someone approaching in the dark and standing there staring directly through my bedroom window. I felt a nod in my stomach. I was on the verge of tears from fear. My dad asked me if I knew anything about it. I told him that recently a weird guy had been messaging me saying that if I didn't marry him, he'd find me and hurt me. My dad was furious and immediately called a private investigator. There's an open investigation going on about this now. Since then, we haven't received any more messages, and no one has been seen lurking around the house, but deep down, I'm still convinced it was Jack D. I have no proof, but I feel it in my gut. Ever since that day, I've been terrified to sleep. Knowing someone could be watching me through the window while I sleep makes me feel a kind of anxiety I can't even describe. Thankfully, my dad has been amazing. We're taking every safety precaution possible while the investigation continues. So, please take my story as a warning. There are people out there who are just completely insane. If there are any updates, I promise I'll share them. Thank you for listening.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BodegaBas_ [1 likes]: New York City
  2. @sandrarogers1954 [1 likes]: Hi uncle you are not supposed to talk to your niece that away
  3. @Scarytruestoriesuncovered: Ohio
  4. @mikesparrow3807: Temple, Tx - 0500
  5. @SuperStrangeShadow: A bit annoying that you use both the rain ambience and background music. It makes it hard to follow the stories.
  6. @cassandrakray1817: Australia.  Listen on my morning drive to work
  7. @sharoneckersall5419: Listening from Lancashire in England   it's currently 00.05 hrs. W
Thank you for the great stories.
  8. @ShelbyFly-fy2pj: New to your channel. Im listening from middle Tennessee 😊 thanks for awesome content.
  9. @fadeawaytilldeath: Land of Lincoln, il.
  10. @SoniaLariviere-f2p: Canada Québec Outaouais
  11. @rhondabear8600: saskachewan canada
  12. @justinbain2664: You have to be over 18 a legal adult to have an OnlyFans
  13. @davidworden4470: Fredericksburg Virginia
  14. @sandrarogers1954: massillon Ohio at 6:10am 19/27/2025

- HOW TO SET UP YOUR PAYMENT METHOD ON FANSLY + PAYMENT ALTERNATIVE | FANSLY TUTORIAL: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome or welcome back to my channel my name is Grace AKA Gabby and in today's video we're gonna see fancy payout and payment methods so if you're interested into that keep on watching so first thing first I would appreciate it if you could give this video a like And subscribe to my channel if you haven't already first thing that we're gonna go over is the earnings and wallet tab so if you go into your menu and you go into your creator dashboard you will find the earnings and wallet and so so over there you will see an overview of your earning you will be able to request your payout you will also have a wallet history add or delete payment methods and also see your requests and how they are processing so now let's talk about the SLA you've made your first sale congratulations but don't get too excited so as soon as you sell something you will have to weigh what we call a seven day pending period so as soon as you sell something and you go into your wallet you'll see that it will be put as a pending a balance and also in your wallet history you will see that the payment is in Gray so it means that it's still pending and so seven days later you will see that this will be in green and it will be available for payout so for example if I make a sale or if someone subscribed to my family on January 3rd at 10 AM it will take seven days for the payment to go through on January 13 at 10 A.M exactly balance will go from a pending balance to available balance for payout and so once that balance is available in most countries you can request a payout from twenty dollars I know that in Australia you need to wait to have a hundred dollars before you're able to request a payout and we'll see more of that a little bit further are in the video next when you request a payment you'll see that next to your payment you will have a payout status so as soon as you request the status will be requested and so that means that is pending for approval once it's approved you'll see that it will be approved and then it needs to be sent to your bank account does that sense the status will be processing so that means that they made the payment to your bank and now it's on its way the last status will be processed so that means that you have received the money or you should have received the money usually from the moment you request the money and the moment you receive it into your bank account you can take from one up to three business days now there has been a few issues in the past where the processing time takes longer and these are all like I said in business days so it's best if you request your money from Monday to Wednesday Thursday it's a little bit it really depends uh but from Thursday to Friday and if you ask the weekend it's going to take way longer for you um to receive your money and then also depending on if you request it to be paid on a U.S bank account on Skrill or pack soon this time frame can vary from one day up to a week and then in rare cases it could take from two to three I've also seen some creators waiting a month before receiving their money but this is really rare but I know that at the moment or when there's a huge wave of new people signing up adding payment methods and requesting for their money it takes longer for you to receive the money so for example I made a request on March 7. and at the time of me recording this video were March 15 I still haven't received that payment whereas I made a request on March 14 so that was Monday and I've already received the money here Wednesday on the 15th so a little bit weird but yeah usually it's pretty quick like I said it takes two three days and I get the money next is the payout methods so fancy gives you three possibilities on how you can cash out your money so the first one will be Skrill the second one will be pacsim and then the third one will be directly to your bank account so Skrill and pacsum is a third party it's a financial institution that is online and so both of them work pretty similarly I believe anyone can open a bank account but you need to double check like in your country if it's available or not I personally live in Spain and I could create an account on both you simply need to sign up and then check your identity that takes I don't know one up to two or three days maximum I remember that for me it was pretty quick so I've tried both and I decided to cancel both of my accounts I'll explain a while after but once you've signed up to Skrill opacism you simply need to go to your wallet and press add payment methods and choose scrill opacism and you simply copy and paste the email address that is used for uh your Skrill opacism account so the pros of this is that it's pretty quick payout like I said it's one three days maximum most of the time and then like I said if there is a lot of demand then it's going to take a little bit longer but usually it's pretty quick and then also the older Pro is that you don't directly put your bank details is going through a third party and so I guess depending on where you are in the world maybe it's safer for you to do it this way I don't know I'm just saying it's it's just easier but then the cons is that there are fees and then if you're from a different country than the us there is the conversion rate I believe that when I was on Skrill I had like a limit at the beginning on the amount that I could withdraw to my own account so that was pretty annoying so you have a fee a processing fee for them to receive the money from fans Lee and then you have the fees for the conversion rate and the conversion grade rate is not that great and then once you want to transfer from your Skrill opexam account to your own bank account you also have fees yeah you're you're kind of losing money like I could see that I could lose from five to ten dollars by doing that which is a bummer the last option is simply to put your bank details so you choose a country and then you simply just put your iPad or whatever in your country like how it is you just choose the country put your bank details and then you're done the thing is depending on your bank you will also have fees conversion rate and then the first pay the first two payouts that I made was an issue with the payment method and then fastly decided to do a wired transfer they didn't even ask me if I was okay with that and so they did the wire transfer and my bank the processing fees for the wire transfer were 20 euros what what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her transaction so I had requested two payouts one of 200 something and then another 150 and so per payout I paid 20 bucks and so I was like I've just lost 40 bucks just in processing fees or wired transfer like why do you need 20 euros like just to press on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] button anyways I'm still mad about it and so on to my last point so this is a little bit of a way around for those who live in another country than the USA I mean if you're in the US you could still do it but it's more interesting for people who need to convert their money to another currency but before I explain this I just want to do a quick disclaimer I'm obviously not a financial advisor or whatever I'm just giving you a tool that I personally use and then it's up to you if you want to use it or not so the platform that I use now to receive my money is called wise it used to be transferwise I started using it when I moved to Australia and I needed to transfer money uh between Australian dollars and Euros the beginning for me it was you know just transferring money but then I saw that they had an option to open bank accounts in different currencies so that's exactly what I did I opened a USD account and a Euro account and so I took the bank details from my USD account put them on to my family and now when I request payment I request payment to be received on that us account and so if it's not busy I usually get the money within 24 or 48 hours is really super quick and then I simply transfer that money to my European bank account and so the transfer from family to wise there's no fees so that's the exact amount that I receive and then I pay a little fee um to transfer it to my European bank account and usually it's instant if I doing if I do it during uh working hours so from 9am to 5 00 PM more or less let's say 4 P.M I receive the money instantly so for me that's the best option so another disclaimer I will leave a link in the description down below but so you but just so you know it's an affiliate link and I may or may not get a commissioned by you using it and also by using my link you will get first transfer be free so your first transfer up to 500 you won't pay any fees so it's pretty cool when you open a wise account uh for you to be able to transfer money but also to open a bank account you will have to verify your account is pretty straightforward you know you need to bring your ID take some pictures and also provide with some utility bills it cannot be a phone bill if I remember correctly so just like a bank statement or any other utility bill that we can check that you live at the address that you stated you lived it okay that's for the verification and then if you want to open the bank account it's they're going to ask you to put a deposit of 20 or 20 euros and then I mean you pay for the 20 euros 20 I mean not pay but you deposit the 20 euros 20 and then you can take it back straight away that's what I did if you have just started and you want to know how to promote your account feel free to check out this video where I explain to you how to promote on Reddit or you can check out my playlist where you will find other tutorials on fancly and I hope to see you in the next video bye [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabiggray [3 likes]: 00:00 Start of the video
00:24 Fansly earnings/wallet 
00:55 SLA’s
04:32 Payment methods
08:24 Alternative payout
  2. @kingp637 [3 likes]: Can you add bank details later and earn on the account? Or do you have to add bank details first?
  3. @ChristianAllane [1 likes]: Truly valuable video. I really like how you explain everything in detail. Everything is clear and concise!! Found answers to my questions! Great video!
  4. @ابوزيدبابقا [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @leandralopez51o [1 likes]: hi do you know what valid W9 means? , whenever i try to payout  and it always says that.
  6. @ntrhtnowlatre2033 [1 likes]: I made a new account. I added payment method, but it won’t let me add any funds. I’m I blocked from adding funds?
  7. @ArabicSubtitleNetwork [1 likes]: Payment not available in my country is there any other way i could pay to get balance in my account
  8. @christineGonzales-ih7gn [1 likes]: hello can I use gcash or paypal for payout method
  9. @alexbramhill5737 [1 likes]: Life saver ❤
  10. @CalvinGabison: Hi.how are you? I just want to know when my available pay out have a numbers because Ive been using fansly for months im still zero.any advice? Thank you.Im waiting for your responds.Have a good day
  11. @AngelBacaro-s9i: i live in philippines, how can i make an payment method? can i use wise?
  12. @CheersGarcia-y4s: But become a model content creator account subscribers before add payout method and select "Gcash" right?
  13. @Rinu_KN: I am an Indian, How to add wallet money ? Any chance?
  14. @martiniloganmartinilogan83: So its best to just keep the money for 2weeks than pay one fee , so very 2weeks you can take your money
  15. @thaejashby972: Is wise a app or website ?
  16. @AdetutuOJ: I live in Nigeria and I still don't get why my subscribers can't pay with their cards.
  17. @benitohernandez5028: Can I used cashapp??
  18. @obinnaokakpu7861: hey dr , i cant add a card on fansly
  19. @Techtipsdz: Can i use fansly only to get the money as a mediator, i won't post anything on it, i will bring outside subscribers to it and they won't get anything on my account just a subscription method, will fansly ban me for that ?
  20. @SinarBaru-bp4jx: Can paypal vcc card been use as payment method on fansly?

- Fansly U: Messaging Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Hey creators, today's tutorial is all about the different messages that you can send on fansly to your community. And let's start with how you can set permissions on who can reply to these messages or message you in the first place. Maybe you only want people to be able to message you if they're subscribed to you. Or maybe you want to be subscribers and any followers who have purchased a certain amount of media from you. As you can see, there's a ton of options, so mix and match until you find what works for you. Users will see these permissions whenever they open a message with you, so they'll know right away if they're eligible to message you or not, and why. Your inbox sorts your messages into four different categories. Messages from subscribers, followers, VIPs, which are users that you can mark for yourself, and of course, all your messages. You can sort these categories by date or whether you've read the messages. Speaking of reading messages, there are no red receipts on Fansley, so a user can't see if you've opened their message or not. There are three different kinds of DMs you can send on fansly and these all look the same to the recipient regardless of what kind of message it is. You can include the same three things in all messages. Media, a voice message, locked text, which is text with a permission to it, and finally the message itself, like the text of the message itself. Let's start with mass messages. A mass DM is you sending the same DM to several people simultaneously. There's a bunch of check boxes when you create one where you can decide who you'd like to include in receiving the message. Subscribers, expired subscribers, subscribers from a certain tier, followers, subscribers with auto renew on or off, or people from a certain list. On top of this, you can also choose to exclude certain lists, individuals or creators, or even users that aren't online right now. Everyone's community is different. So, when it comes to how you can best use mass messaging to connect with yours, you and them are going to know better than we are. You can use the broadcast messages tab to look at stats like open rates and how much money PPVS over DMs are earning to get an even better idea. With that in mind, here's some general tips that might work for you. When someone receives a message from you, they also receive an email notification. Now, don't get spammy, but if you make a post that has some time sensitivity to it, so it's a poll or a tip goal or it's a media bundle that expires after a certain amount of time, maybe send a mass DM about it. You can also use mass DMs to send extra exclusive media bundles as opposed to posting them on your feed. And of course, mass messaging is a great way of announcing things to your community. The second kind of messaging is onetoone messaging, which is exactly what it sounds like. It is a message between you and one other person that you individually send them either as a reply or by selecting new message and typing in their username. The final kind of message is automated messages. Automated messages are messages that you've pre-written which is sent to a user when they do a certain thing like follow you or subscribe to you or resubscribe. Just look at the drop down. I can't go over all of them. As well as being a great way to thank resubscribers or followers. Automated messages are also really helpful if you have a tip menu. The message trigger for receiving a new tip can be paired with a keyword and if you want a minimum tip amount. We hope this tutorial was inspiring for you about how you can use the messaging feature to connect more with your community. We'll see you in the next one. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alanfrere6538 [1 likes]: how to delete your bank card please
  2. @PaulVanGraan-zf8gw: 0:20

- How to Use Instagram to Promote OnlyFans | Onlyfans Tips: Kind: captions Language: en how to promote your only fans using Instagram what is going on guys welcome back to my channel so today we are going to be going over how you can use Instagram to get more fans into your only fans business so this video is for educational purposes so I can teach you some of the methods that I use to get my clients paying Subs to their sites before we get started make sure you subscribe down below there is so much content coming for you guys on how you can make money online you're looking for any services to help you grow your only fans or fans Le business please reach out to me on Instagram my links are always in the video description down below I have only fans promotion for guaranteed fans Twitter Management Services Reddit Management Services IG Management Services YouTube Management Services so there is so many things that I can help you with I also am a coach and I can coach you how to scale your business as well so definitely reach out on Instagram now let's get into it so I want to discuss a few things uh in the beginning for beginners if you are just starting out but even if you aren't a like a real beginner or newbie and you know you kind of have already a established page these are still good practices to keep in mind and that is your profile okay so your Prof profile you don't have to overthink this I have so many clients that literally spend days like oh my bio my picture what should I write it doesn't have to be anything I would say you know too detrimental to where you know you really have to drive yourself nuts to think that your bio has to be like absolutely perfect a really just cute bio stating a few things about yourself your demographics you know like Aquarius or Leo or something like that right brunette I love to have fun and the biggest piece of advice though about your bio is going to be your links so the number one thing that I cannot emphasize enough is making sure your link works I cannot tell you how many clients I take on and all of my clients I will do a social media audit for them and I will go directly to their links and I will check it out I will click it and what happens so many of my clients have dead links it is going nowhere and then they're sitting there scratching their head wondering why they're not getting any traffic to their sites so you need to make sure that the link that you have and even if it's a third- party link making sure every link within that third party link is working correctly okay so what you're going to do with that link though is you have to make sure that you have some type of CTA on your page which is a call to action a call to action is terminology and marketing where you really want your your client which would be at this point a follower to take a specific action on your page so you can convert them into a paying customer so that last line of your bio that should be visible your bio should not have where they have to click and see more they should not have that okay your bio should be short sweet and they'd be able to see everything without having to do an extra step to see more on your um in your bio so that last line in your bio is going to say come get more of me with you know a little finger emoji going down or you know come check out my exclusive content with a finger emoji going down so you are telling them what action they want to take and that is to go below into the link now your profile picture it cannot be anything too spicy you don't ever want to put your account at risk but you have to make sure that your content is good there's so many clients also that you know when I'm doing their management they'll send me the Google Drive and a lot of their content I will not use because it is poor lighting it's not centered I don't even know what I'm looking at sometimes it's it's I I've gotten that before you have to understand we are right now in an age where content does matter now do you have to drive yourself absolutely nuts about you know making sure everything is perfect no you don't want to burn yourself out before you even begin but you know getting a ring light making sure that you are sitting in front of a window so you have good lighting things are centered and if they're not centered at least crop them so they are centered things that are like literally you know beginner level stuff that is super doable and achievable for you now I do have an Amazon musthaves list that I give for free for anyone that follows me on Instagram and you know DMS me that they want it and in that list I have some of my recommendations for ring lights that are super reasonably priced that you can get directly off of Amazon that I've used before if you want that but please make sure that your profile picture is of good quality you can see you know what the actual picture is outside of that you don't really need to do anything else with your profile picture and your link just making sure that link works is is really the biggest thing now for your content the content you still want the same exact things that I mentioned just before which is making sure things are centered making sure that things have good lighting are good quality and you don't want to be posting anything too spicy this is in Twitter or Reddit which I have videos for those two platforms as well so definitely check those out but this isn't Twitter or Reddit where you can really put spicy content on the platform so please make sure you are aware of that so you don't put your account at risk secondly is hashtags now this is a big one guys okay so with hashtags Instagram actually has hashtags that they will specifically track to see what accounts are using it and then Shadow ban or ban those accounts okay so you really have to make sure that you are really foll guidelines or doing not really guidelines but doing your research about the hashtags that you are using and a lot of the hashtags that they will follow is like the feed hashtags they will follow that because that is still some type of um you know fetish content that they do not allow on the platform BBW chubby all that they track those and it puts your account at risk for being shadowbanned or just completely being taken down so what I say to my clients always is you are either just going to do extensive #research or you are just not going to use hashtags at all because with consistency is how your account would grow anyways but if you still feel like you want to use hashtags use hashtags that would be relevant to you so maybe a brunette maybe a Latina um you know maybe a like smile or happy girl or beautiful girl something along those lines do not use the only fans hashtags either okay if you you start using the only fans hashtags you will be bombarded by those only fan promotion pages that are complete spam they and a scam they do not get you any results they'll message you oh my five million uh you know follower Network and this and that let's promote you those are all a scam okay if you want legitimate Services you are going to reach out to me where I actually give my clients and get my clients results so make sure you aren't using those own only fans promotional um only fans hashtags because then you will also be bombarded with scammers and spammers so for myself I do extensive hashtag research for my clients but what I say to people that reach out to me if I'm just giving them some you know just helpful tips like I am right now is do not use hashtags if you are not going to do research on them your competitor's audience this is a gold mine guys okay and the reason is because when you are going into your competitor's page and your competitor's audience you are literally going to a targeted audience that you already know is interested in someone of your demographics so if it's another Latina if it's another brunette if it's another Fitness girl if it's another um you know bikini model whoever that person is that is similar to you that is how you know that you are going to get in front of people that are already interested in a person like you in your demographics so your competitor's audience is a great way to grow your um only fans on your Instagram there you go I almost got Tongue Tied there but it's also a great way to pull them to you know your only fans and get them interested in you so how would you do that you would go into the explore page and go into search and just start typing in you know models um Latinas stuff like that and those hashtags to see if anyone has actually used those hashtags right after that that is when you're going to hit accounts and you will be able to find accounts that are of you know someone that is close to you okay so that's the easiest way to find some of your competitors on Instagram once you do that you are then going to go onto their page into their comments and into their followers list and at that point if you find accounts that do not look you know like kind of spammy or that are um public and you can you know see if they're male female whatever you know target audience you are trying to reach out to you are now going to just start engaging in their content and send them a cold DM in marketing we call it uh and in sales it's called a cold DM where you reach out to somebody you know and you don't really have much rapport with them so you then would send them a DM you know hey how are you like you know what's going on you can also message me on Instagram and I can help you with a DM script if you need help with that but it's just going to be something cute inviting enticing and then you can share your link so this is a great way to grow your only fans using Instagram and your competitor's audience now one thing I do want to mention about dming your targeted audience right your competitor's audience when you start sending out those DMS and you are interacting with them Instagram only allows us to do a certain amount of or take a certain amount of actions on their platform every single day if you do too much they are going to pick you up as spam or a bot and you again can put your account at risk which I also don't recommend people doing that anyways doing too much because again you're going to burn yourself out so having a schedule you know where you're just going to reach out or you know um follow and kind of interact with maybe 20 of your competitors followers that day that is a good kind of um method and game plan to use where you are not doing too much on the account and you're also not burning yourself out too quickly reals so reals has become a gold mine guys if you can just produce several reels a week you can really just Skyrocket your account now I do always say to my clients for my clients we post anywhere from two to five reels per day but we are doing that ourselves so my clients don't really have to worry about that but that's how we get them maximum growth for yourself if you at least just post one real per day and you stay consistent for 30 days 60 days 90 days your account will completely Skyrocket and with reals on Instagram at no not like Tik Tok I have a video for that so definitely look out for that um hashtags do not matter with reals on Instagram if your content is enticing you will get viewers and also if you are being active and consistent in your reels your content will be pushed out automatically so you don't have to worry about what you need to kind of put in your hashtags the one thing though is please do not be too spicy or risk G on in those reels because again it's not Twitter Reddit you will end up getting your account either banned or Shadow band with a shadow band you will never know that you are Shadow band just all of a sudden you're really not getting any followers your posts aren't really getting any traction your reals are getting less views and that's basically what that is so you have to make sure that when you are producing reals you have to keep just those few things in mind outside of reals is carousels so carousels is performing really well right now on Instagram and it's really helpful for you as a model to really be able to pull more people into your account because you are able to just give a little bit more content of yourself so doing a carousel that has anywhere from about 4 to 10 pictures of yourself really like four to eight I think would be good but no less than four is definitely a great way also to grow your account and again to get people enticed to your content and them want to see more which in turn will pull them into being a follower and inevitably get them to get on to your only fans for them to subscribe I really hope this video was helpful the biggest thing on Instagram though is just being consistent and having good quality content so make sure that you are sticking with those two things and I guarantee your page will grow which will then push more traffic to your only fans business so please subscribe down below comment if you have any questions or reach out to me on Instagram so I can help you grow your business until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fansly-OnlyFans-Fanvue [1 likes]: 👉MSG ME ON TELEGRAM: https://t.me/Onlyfanshelp888
✅ Onlyfans Cheatsheet Printable: https://shorturl.at/PBo7I
  2. @CarlyBelding [1 likes]: Would you be willing to coach me??
  3. @kadijakallon2533: The only woman that gets to the point and doesn’t chat rubbish honestly 👏
  4. @EmilijaKitanovska: ❤
  5. @StephenJPayne: You probably need to study how to make videos, because that microphone that you were wearing is not what we're hearing. What we're hearing is the microphone on the camera. Fail.
  6. @IvonneRomeroMartinez: What is a good 3rd party link to use in IG to share my OF
  7. @antonysantana5399: What you suggest for an instagram being private? Can I still bring in traffic?
  8. @jerrijazzykitty958: ❤❤
  9. @truthseeker4291: If I use those hashtags and now I think I’ve been shadow banned, will removing the hashtags remove the shadow ban or is my account screwed?
  10. @brownandabroad: apparently hashtags are being de entered a yeah
  11. @ridoysaha8979: Hello madam please help me give me your whatspp number

- Onlyfans Management: Top 5 Strategies For Mass Messaging (2024): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up it's pattio FM again and today I wanted to jump on here and talk to you guys a little bit about Mass messaging on only fans and more importantly I'm going to be sharing with you the five most important things that you should be doing when it comes to effectively Mass messaging on only fans that 90 to 99% of agencies and creators that I've seen out there are not currently doing right now which is directly hurting their ability to maximize the amount of money that they currently make on only fans so this video is meant for anyone and everyone so whether you are a solo Creator or an agency owner you will find Value in this video guaranteed since you're likely not doing some of the things that I'm about to talk about also if you stay to the end to this video I'm actually going to be going over a bonus secondary strategy that you can use in tandem with these top five things that I'm about to go over right now so so Mass messages are an absolutely crucial tool that you should be using for your clients but you have to be strategic about it right there are several ways that you can use me messages on only fans however the most effective way to use Mass messages is to engage fans and to get them talking in hopes of getting them into scripts or relationships rather than just spamming ppvs so for tip number one you should be using mass messages as questions to get them t talking in order to extract personal information about those fans with the purpose of building a relationship so I'm going to give you some examples here nonsexual ones are typically going to be a lot more effective but sometimes you can mix in some sexual ones just don't be way over the top because that's going to seem fake but everyone's on only fans for a reason right so some examples are like hey are you not working today on like a weekday is when we would typically ask something like this and you can use this to indirectly ask what type of work they do and build a relationship around that another thing that you can ask would be something like what's your favorite thing about the city that you're from I'm planning a trip there this is one that asks where they're from and also plants a fantasy in their head of like oh this model is traveling to my city maybe I can meet her someday something like that obviously that's never going to happen but you at least plant the fantasy and can build a relationship that way another one more on the sexual side of things is asking something like what's your number one Kink and this way you can make a note of that information for this fan and then personalize the way that you sell content to that fan whether it's their in feat or whatever it is another thing that we ask is like are you more into women your age or are you more into women who are younger or older and this indirectly asks like what their age is so these are all just different ways to find out information about fans and ultimately how you can get people to just talk and hopefully make money off them in the future now as far as tip number two goes you should also be using using mass messages to start scripts just flat out start them so one thing that we'll do to start scripts is something like hey guess what this is almost guaranteed to get a fan to respond and then you can get them into a script like for example I just went to go shopping and I want to show you my new outfit so and then you can have a script after that another thing that you can do to start a script would be something like babe can we talk that'll kind of pull up their heartstrings a little bit and they'll be like is this a bad thing is this a good thing like what is you want to talk about so they'll usually respond and then you can follow with a script another thing you can do is something along the lines of like I want to show you something kind of private babe this is another one where the fan is likely going to be extremely curious as to what they're talking about and likely will respond another one is you know can I ask you a question without it coming across as weird to see that all of these different things are ways to kind of spur conversations and it's your job as an agency owner or a solo Creator to have a solid script to follow this so that you can build a story that builds an image in the Fan's mind of this is happening live and this is something personalized and just for them now the third tip is that mass messages should be used as a way to engage fans into asking what type of content they want to see or what they're interested in and so this appeases to non-li sexors and non relationship Builders who just want to see long form content so what you could have your Chatters do with these types of fans who respond to this types of stuff is that you can try to upsell Customs or you could try to sell like pre-made long form content that the model has previously created now the fourth tip is that you should always be unsending these Mass messages before you send the next one if you do not do this and listen to me carefully here is that the message history in the chat will see that there's just been a ton of messages back to back to back to back from that model and in real life no girl is sitting there just spamming M messages and messages to a fan because they won't respond so it's absolutely essential for you to unsend a message right before you send the next one so always be doing this crms like Creator hero or Buddy X or inflow can actually help a lot with this and just help with staying organized now the last tip that I want to go over is that you need to be building lists to help you with sending personalized messages and not to include certain people now the five types of lists that you should be paying attention to number one followers and following you should have followback enabled on only fans by the way and these are just default lists that only fans typically already has created for you but you need to make mod of these because you're going to be including these lists on every single Mass message that you send the other lists that you should be building are secondly the Spenders and whales list which is one where you would send a bit more personalized Mass messages to like good morning or good night messages and you can send a little bit more volume take a case by case though and feel everything out the more organization the better here you can also exclude them as well from regular Mass messages like for example if you're asking someone about what their job is and you send that to a spender who you've already built a relationship with it's not going to be a good look the other list is time wasters which you should exclude from all mass messages alt together and we Define time wasters as people that we've tried to sell content to in two different separate occasions but did not buy and we also make sure to typically mute these fans so that they do not distract our Chatters from Priority fans during times when it gets busy then we have our fourth list with just dormant fans which are fans who have not responded to any Mass message for a month or longer but remain subscribed to the models account and these are people who just likely log on every now and then and maybe want to see something in their inbox that they can just buy spur them up when they're you know in the mood and then the last category is only necessary if you do not have a CRM and what this list is is that it is the actively chatting list and the thing you're going to want to do with this list is that you will want to put in the names of fans who are currently in the middle of conversations right then and there because if you are engaged in a conversation with a fan and you randomly send a message asking about what their job is when you're way deeper in conversation with that it's going to look pretty bad so this list needs to be a living breathing list that you remove and add people to but like I said before if you have a CRM then you can actually exclude people from your messages that you've messaged within the certain amount of time if you're an agency owner there's literally no reason for you to not have some sort of CRM like Creator hero for example but now that you've made it this far in the video let's talk a little bit about the bonus strategy that I had mentioned before at the beginning of this video and this relates to the other and more common way of sending Mass messages as far as ppv bundles long videos which you can do but just don't lead with this as your primary strategy so it's extremely important for you to be selective as to who you send these types of mass messages to and this goes hand inand with the lists that I was just talking about before these ppv Mass messages should only be sent to time wasters and dormant fans do not send these to Spenders and whales do not send them to new fans do not send it to anyone besides those two tiers because what this will do is you might be able to get a little bit of side income from these specific fans who may change their spending Ways by just seeing ppv content come in their inbox also when it comes to these ppv bundle Mass messages you should be copyrighting a good caption to go along with whatever bundle you are sending that entices the fan to motivate them to buy the content so I'll put up an example this is kind of an extreme example of what I'm talking about but the reason why it's so extreme is because I want to kind of provide uh some insight as to every single point that I'm about to explain so these messages should say that these bundles would never be sent for less than $200 for example but if they get it right now they'll get it for 24 and then you can say something along the lines of how this content has never been seen before and it's brand new content and it's the craziest thing the model's ever done she doesn't even know how she's even posting it and then the other thing that you should do is that drive some urgency by saying that there's a time limit associated with how long this is going to be available and the model's going to be unsending it after a certain amount of time and then offer some bonuses as well like if they buy this they'll become a VIP fan and the model is going to pin the message to the top of the chat and they'll get access to all their new content that way and just all the benefits of being you know their VIP fan so doing all this is extremely important to get the sale from just spamming these time wasters and dormant fans with mass messages but that's pretty much it guys I I mean keep in mind that these strategies require an extreme level of attentiveness to the fans from your account managers and you and your team should be keeping a close eye related to everything from each fan and keeping each fan as an independent instance but if you're a good agency this literally shouldn't be a problem and so just staying organized will make you so much more money on only fans through Mass messaging but other than that I appreciate the time like share and subscribe I'm out y'all

  Top Comments:
  1. @Frankie.Carter1 [3 likes]: Good information bro keep it up
  2. @saharaofthedeep: Thanks for sharing! ❤
  3. @craiganthonyvita4894: Very nice indeed! 🔥👊

- Would You Support Your Partner's OnlyFans Career?: Kind: captions Language: en oh [Music] you're thinking about it he looks like it yeah you're just because I got beautiful toes I'm selling them see this guy's talking about what are you gonna do no problem like getting with a girl that's the only thing is that why you ask him yeah that's the question yeah getting with the girl that's on all the things what do you think about a woman no let's just put up the story because I feel like knowing the right man wanted like a day song that's in that field I feel it's more saying your girlfriend's like babe I've been thinking you know I wanna I might want to do this oh hell no oh you and your girl do it no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what I'm saying just more like an individual it's like she's not saying I want you to be in my videos like I want to do this for myself what are you saying you guys been together a couple years whatever she's like hey I want to do all these things there's only the money I see the money they're making is lucrative it's crazy yeah you know they're asking us because we're being you know in that situation because dude you've never did it anyway I don't think so I don't think Mary if if it's a girl or like you know those one-night stand those those kind of relationships that's what I'm saying maybe if it was do you maybe you don't understand English yeah you know what I'm saying okay and I said if only like the only way I can allow that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to happen if she's normal girl somebody that I'm sitting on the side yeah distracted but this is what we're talking about like you got to make sure your woman feels like appreciated the reason why women is do that because they're not getting enough compliments from you like you gotta make sure that I don't think it is not only about social media like most people wants to give birth but they feel the needs of something loss of something like most women when even when Mom like every now and then she'll mention like you guys destroy my body listen this most females it's mainly based on what they thinking internally you know what I mean and then when social media mentioned it it kind of like hit hard like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it you know what I mean and I haven't answered that too I feel like yeah you gotta obviously after birth she's gonna have scars yeah all that stuff you gotta make him feel beautiful again but this is what the internet is not allowed yeah it's not allowing you to do that room is it's not there what you say to her we're almost being valid you know yeah she sees what the internet is like nah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your sound about that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know I want to order that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now but like then again yes you got to remind your woman whatever it is that she's looking at are they going through the same thing she's going through like if you have a child you can't expect your body to be the same it's not but if you're willing to do the natural way of getting it back which is exercising is possible but nobody's nobody nowadays is willing to put the work in it I just want to do the easy question that's why I have a question that accident led to that one down there I have a question that I can ask you you because you feel like they are for the house right you feel like because I need to be the alpha of that because you need to be the half of the house you're the man so what if there's something about your body that you wanted to change that you want to get a surgery would you listen to our input of her saying like no don't do that and you won't do it bro like that question there yeah uh I don't know how to respond to that dude let me say again to keep an attraction in the relationship you're gonna be it's like the way you guys met and what it is that you guys liked about each other so it's very consistent yeah keep you up to the up-to-date because it's like your girl looking like something about day one and then day like I said 10 years time she's looking like a whole different person you can tell us like if she wants to do it forever now you know the Love Remains yeah but yeah all the time but if she wants to do something to get that body back in a proper way which is exercising join her stuff like that man I mean that's what you guys understand we're married or you want to get in a relationship these are the things you got to sacrifice are pretty much saying like if you were to get surgery something about your body a woman is telling you don't do it your wife is telling you to not do it would you still going on with the surgery or not you're so broken you would do it don't go around yes or no if the surgery had negative complications yeah surgery more surgery right has like uh what do you call it the right like oh this is a 75 right so you know what I mean the surgeries from something with fermental illness or something like it can't fix it you need a surgery to make it work say I'm gonna say hey down track get it back try the headline you want to fix the girls like nah you still you're still a little bit I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna do it just because I tell you that much right now I'm going to Turkey you are saying that now because do you know I gotta ask you a question as well my hair is got like it's not gonna make somebody not like no no it's not it's like you you get it you get you get it when everybody even when female put on makeup they believe they're doing to themselves right I'm doing this because of me I'm not doing because so that people can see but there's a reason about that we all know that they're doing you know what I mean I'm going I gotta put on makeup thing exactly if you want to put some natural [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that if it's looking pink or that look but that's like if you believe in something if you believe like I wanna bro I'm not gonna lie to you I've already put my food down I'm going to Turkey that's up to you there's no female work in my life that babe I don't want you to do that I hear you but I'm not going there you're lying man this guy can send out right now anyway I'm gonna move on to being I've been bored for a long time now if I get a hair on my head I'm gonna feel weird okay then wait if I was to go and get a hand on my head that's only because I want to do I need to no yes anyone that will do I need to know anyone who's derail that you won't agree with that what anyway I'm gonna ask this guy can I just have a question but I didn't finish I wanted it yes or no I didn't want it you know how we always talk about we always talk about um thingy relationship relationship that right you've never experienced that before no you've never experienced it like you know how you're saying like this generation ditch relationship is not gonna work out for me what makes you say that I didn't say it's nobody work out for me well but while you say like this generation is Ditch because people are not committed bro how do you know people because you've never experienced you've never been in a relationship you don't know whether or not this relationship is going to work or not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't have to do a relationship to see what's happening bro no everybody knows marriage fail and success it's not just right but we all know I'm asking you yeah so if marriage always fail and succeed right that's what we have like divorce lawyers and stuff at this right why do people still get married so this still happening but for you you've never experienced it what are you saying DH to it and you've never been in one that's the question because I she stays right now 2023 you know what I'm saying are we talking about twins we're talking about relationships this generation in general relationship been it it has become like a play like it's not even taken that seriously that's completely he doesn't know what happens that's what I asked him that's what I told him like we have some factors of what would happen in relationship like another guy treated one inches and then a couple of months left what I could influence his choices next they're next down to going to a relationship I'm learning from you that's what I'm saying that's what I'm saying that's what I'm saying that's what I'm saying we have divorce lawyers right does that make people to stop getting married what do you mean that's them that's them they didn't keep getting married and keep divorcing right now I'm seeing a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losing off their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] majority of the time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] especially this generation so it's basically what you're saying yeah man that's what it's basically what you're saying it'll be 50 still single because this generation is dead oh man bro you don't mind man I'm gonna look out for my daughter man yeah [Applause] in a few years single

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaygarner1562: Promo SM

- Why you will probably fail as an OnlyFans creator.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, so you might have seen my video that I recently posted talking about how I made half a million dollars on OnlyFans in about two years. And if you haven't seen that you've probably seen similar content like hearing about models making a million dollars a year on OnlyFans or more even. Uh, so you're probably like feeling pretty good like OnlyFans is a great option and it's a place where you can go to make money fast when you're in desperate times or yeah so maybe you're here because you're thinking about it. You're thinking about starting an OnlyFans or maybe you've already started it and, yeah you just want that fast money. Well, I'm here to tell you why you're probably not gonna make it happen. You're probably gonna fail. Sorry to say, but you're probably gonna fail. Um, this video isn't meant to be like discouraging or to tell you that you can't do it. It's to give you a bit of realism. So so many people that have reached out to me in my career as an adult worker which has spanned almost a decade now and a lot of people wanna try it and do it and I usually just like help them for free and that has been an incredible waste of time because most of the time people when I give them advice or when they start doing it, they are like really into it for like a week and then they stop. They just quit and it's been extremely discouraging for me cause yes it's been a huge waste of time which is, obviously, discouraging. Uh, but a few people have powered through and made it work. They've learned from me and others and they just had what it takes and so I kinda am to the point where I can see the difference uh, in the people that make it and don't make it and why most people don't make it and it's really not a lot of reasons it's just a few simple reasons so. Maybe this will help you decide if you should do it or not and like help you, like, mentally take on the challenges that will inevitably come when you start the journey of being an OnlyFans model so yeah. Okay, so. I'm just gonna go through this really quickly. So the, like...probably the number one reason is, like, it's super hard to start, like, it's hard to do anything when you're not seeing a return on it, but that's kinda like how any business is started. So, um, yeah. This is just like a people problem, like, people don't like working on things that aren't giving them some kind of positive return and when you start OnlyFans it's likely that you have, like, no fan base, no knowledge, you're just kinda starting. You don't even have content yet a lot of the times. You don't really know. You just know that you can make a lot of money doing it. So you're like "Okay I'm gonna do this!" Yeah, but the truth is, like, you're really into it for a week and you're like researching how to do it and you're making content and then you're just like not seeing a return and then you just stop. Cause you're like "this sucks". So yeah, that's why most people quit. They're just not patient. Uh, they have self defeating thoughts like "oh this isn't gonna work" "I'm not pretty enough" like all these things. You gotta power through all those things. You can make it work really if you just try hard enough. Anybody can make it work. So, yeah, the self defeating thoughts, no plan, and no patience. Okay, no, sorry. No patience and no plan. No plan is the next one. So people will get started trying to be really successful on OnlyFans, but like if you wanna run a business, which OnlyFans is a business, that makes like hundreds of thousands of dollars or even thousands you have to sort of have a business plan. You can't just, like, wing it and hope it will be okay. You have to figure out, like, how much you're gonna charge for content, what are you gonna post, and what are you gonna sell. Because the things you sell and the things you post should be different. Um, how much are you gonna, like, charge entry to your page for? Are you even gonna charge entry? Is it gonna be a free page? Uh, there's just a lot of questions. People really just kinda wing it and, yeah, that's a big mistake. You have to plan it and run it like a real business. A lot of these things are just like reasons why people fail at entrepreneurship in general. So I think if you just kinda learn what it takes to be an entrepreneur in general then you'll be far more likely to make it or any other business that you wanna start work. Um, so it might not be that, like, necessarily you're, like, not cut out for OnlyFans. Maybe you're just, like, not cut out for entrepreneurship at all. So, that's something you might wanna ask yourself and if that's the case and you, like, really wanna make it work maybe you should just learn the basics of being an entrepreneur. So, um yeah there's those things and then another thing is...this is like a huge reason. People don't wanna put themselves out there. They're like "Oh no what if my mother in law finds out...or my baby daddy." Someone told me, they're like "I'm fighting for my...for the custody of my children in court so I can't have the court find out." You probably shouldn't do it. Sorry, but if you're like so scared of people finding out that means you're probably not gonna be willing to put yourself out there to advertise yourself and to really grow into something like pretty big that makes a pretty decent amount of money. Yes, okay, you've probably heard there's people out there that are faceless. Making money faceless on OnlyFans. Well, good luck with that. That's all I have to say. Good luck. If you wanna try it go for it. Good luck though. Some people can do it. It's very rare. Um, so yeah you know willingness to put yourself out there, you know, maybe growing a social media would help a lot to grow social media to advertise you page. That is one of the best ways you can advertise. A lot of people are like "I don't wanna do that". So, you know, you just gotta be willing to put yourself out there and like be okay with people finding out. If you're not then you shouldn't do it. Okay, next. Okay let's say you make some money on OnlyFans and it works out. Well, a lot of people fail..like... let's say you get that fast success or even just a little bit of success and you're like "oh my god I made money. This is gonna work." And you're, like, you go spend that money. All of it on like maybe it's just like bills. Maybe you're spending it on dumb stuff. I don't know, but the most successful OnlyFans models reinvest their money into the business so, like, most of them I have heard say that they reinvest about 20% back into their OnlyFans so everything they make they put 20% back in. So this 20% could be hiring employees for your page like freelancers or something. So, that could be, like, people to run your social media for you and just things that help you branch out and get a bigger reach. Cause you can't do everything on your own. It's really helpful to have, like, help and hire people to do certain things for you. I've hired social media managers before and it is really helpful and yeah. So, another way you can reinvest your money is by purchasing advertising. Advertising as an OnlyFans creator is, like, the biggest hurdle. It's just figuring out how to get new people on your page. It's like most of what you should care about is advertising. So, reinvesting your money into advertising really helps cause if you think about it, like, if you're reinvesting your money back into your business that allows it to expand and make more money so you can reinvest more money into it and just kinda expand it bigger and bigger because you continuously are having more money to put into it. Whenever you see, like, these models growing to hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars on OnlyFans that's what they're doing. They're reinvesting. They're like growing that way so. Yeah. You gotta think about that. Also one way that like of course some get pretty big is through like exploding on social media and maybe they don't have to reinvest money into advertising, but you know if you're not exploding on social media you probably need to think of reinvesting some so there's that. Basically like a lot of people are just lazy and that goes in line with just learning how to be an entrepreneur. You can't be lazy. You gotta just like learn to work and get things done. And um. Okay here's...there's one other thing. So whenever you wanna be successful at anything it's really good to look at other successful people and see how they're doing it so like maybe reach out to them and message them. Be like "hey you're like super successful. how did you do it? How are you doing so well?" And this is something that will get easier when you start networking more and networking is essential in this business. So, like, getting into Telegram groups and asking around. Learning from each other is like super essential so. You gotta be willing to network and put yourself out there and learn from others and learn together. Additionally, you can purchase coaching from people that are successful. A lot of them offer coaching because why not? They can make extra money teaching how they do it, like, why not? So a lot of then are really willing to do coaching. Um, so yeah just like learn from others. Have a plan based on other's success so that's pretty much it. And, you know, maybe like...maybe you are an entrepreneur. Maybe you do have what it takes to be an entrepreneur, but you just cannot do OnlyFans. Maybe you're meant to do something else. Maybe you're not meant to be an OnlyFans model. Maybe you're meant to do ecommerce or...I don't know...something else. You know, maybe just think about that. So, If you think that you can overcome these hurdles then you can make it work. It's really just a process of learning continuously, staying patient, and driven, and yeah you can make it work. A lot of people make it work and yeah so I hope it works for you and maybe if you're not meant to do this maybe now you know. Also am offering help if anybody just needs help getting started um as like a thank you for watching this video, I guess, I can add you to networking groups on Telegram so you can message me...you can email me ..uh message me on Twitter or my instagram which will put in the description. So just message me somewhere and say "Hey can you add me to, like, networking groups?" and I'll just add you to some really quick. And I'm also offering like 1 on 1 coaching. I've never really done this before, but I am to the point where I'm like, you know, why not. I've helped people be successful before and I'm pretty sure I know what it takes so. If you want a 1 on 1 session you can ask me about that. Just email me or reach out and, yeah. I won't charge you a super super high amount, like, I won't charge you a ridiculous amount Yeah, anyways I hope that that helps and if you wanna watch the video on how I made half a million dollars on OnlyFans I will put it after this...or like maybe right here and I'll put it in the description as well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @polkapuntos [1 likes]: I know my life is fucked up but come on algorithm
  2. @bburd-jt8os [1 likes]: Who tf would spend one cent on only fans
  3. @KriszSch: I used to be a sub for this girl. Awsome content and easy-going vibes, can totally reccomend her 😉
  4. @kikithepupper6774: In 2020 when all those women decided on Onlyfans, I sent my applications to medical school... It's 2026 now and I'm about to graduate and become a medical doctor. I have zero regrets. It's one of the few things I chose right in my life. I only accumulated debts over the years, but now I got something to show for it and will help others as I always wanted to. Some of those onlyfan girls may have struck gold and probably made more than I'd ever would in a short amount of time, but at least I know I'm going to help people with my skill, be stable in my career, and be respected for my hard work...
  5. @SuperLordHawHaw: "sex worker" is a sanitized way of saying "prostitute"
  6. @producerdirectorkarlweidma5532: Jesus Christ is loving everyone in this thread. You can live and be happy without exploitation. Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life. Please think about that. There’s peace, but you need to pursue it.
  7. @Phonix66666: 🥰🥰🥰
  8. @alexandersands8447: The link no longer works
  9. @alexandersands8447: I am thinking of making one of these for a friend and need some help. Id love some help I'm kinda green. And she wants me to run it for her
  10. @jrbknyc8785: Onlyfans is Jewish subversion
  11. @Khundalina: I started out in the top 7% and I’ve dropped the 16% after a few months because I got banned on TikTok and I’ve been doing it consistently for four months and I’m DEPENDENT on my income from it sooooo if you want to help me I won’t disappoint you 😏
  12. @ray142bold2: you was the person who made me post my face, i cant say anything but THANK YOU SO MUCH
  13. @marinerhigh2003: They will fail in life.Imagine being a grandmother and your grandkids have your videos
  14. @annemarie497: This girl is ai
  15. @Lauren-j3m9j: I'm interested in speaking with you on a video call, I won't waste your time, I have listened to what you mentioned and I am interested in starting an only fans, I do not have any followers and I would love to explain my short story with you online. I won't take too much of your time. Perhaps we can arrange a call sometime? I am in Northern VA. That is if you are still offering advice for free! Maybe we can col-lab or something with ideas cause I have some crazy ideas & I have personally never seen your content just content on you tube.
  16. @mariondi: 1:25
I'm watching this young girl to find out about only fan at 50y/o so anyways I'm listening to her looking 20 then she proceeds to say she's in biz for 10 yrs+!!😮
  17. @VoroVene: Prostitution always sounds easy at start but it is profession and will broke many people mentally. Many finds that when it is too late.
It is not like "any other business" in that perspective it is selling yourself sexual way. You have to think trough that beforehand.
  18. @JunnAiStampwa: I think it's BS not many make money in my opinion bc I'm a single male and couldn't afford to pay models so I stay away from that content...
  19. @Nat-jy9pl: If I am able to create content everyday for the past few years, I guess I have a tiny chance. LOL.
  20. @Kittylovevids-yh6jv: Thank you so much for this video it is an eye opener

- Are You Okay With Your Partner Having OnlyFans??? // The TBH Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en so with um obviously so with relationships in terms of like let's say you're in a relationship now it's gonna be quite funny so you're in a relationship now yeah let's say you've been dating a girl for two years she now comes to you man says all right guys i think i want to start i know any fans what are you i'm doing what you might do you're in love with her by the way so so what's happening now i can't love no one that much bro no no it's not it's not it is yeah and actually i'll because we you the three of us we did polls um we asked the knit bags what they felt about it yeah unit bags at home we got the knit bags shout out all the knit um yeah and yeah we got funny results but i remember my uh a friend of mine from drama school messaged me and she actually made a really good point the fact that it's not about whether or not you would allow it it's just like whether or not yeah though that's true would you stay about because really it's not up to it's not up to you wait let me message you because i've got a very very very similar message my my old friend from drama school um ella my friend [Music] what she said she said to me um she said first she said i'd say i would say it's their decision as it's their body and you don't like you don't stick around which is completely fair and then she said um said i also think sex work is up to the individual partaking and one of the only negatives that i can see from is that it feeds into our backwards culture that other people's bodies belong to us again again that but again that's not the job it's people's perception of it like women's legs how people think that they're for sex and not for transportation so you know it's it's a it's a weird one it's a stranger the bottom line i think is kind of like no way for me you can do it but don't think once you put the phone down i'm gonna be waiting for you because i can't think i couldn't imagine anything worse than knowing that my girl like it's hard enough knowing that your girlfriend's paying anyway it's hard enough knowing that because what comes with having a pen girlfriend is having people looking at your girlfriend all the time and having the thought having the thought that's hard enough as it is you want me to tell me that my girl could come up to me and go yeah let me just take a few pictures of of whatever my body or my foot and send it out for the mandem who are going to be paying us money to look at it and we both know that they're not just looking at it i might say there's different there's different obviously with only fans apparently i don't know too much about it but apparently there's different things you can also do footprints you can just do pictures in your bra obviously you can do the videos but apparently there's different content you can have with only fans who's trying to see other business i don't want anyone to smile bro i'm just thinking there was advocate here yeah so my boss i want to know you guys polls as well my poll was i don't know my followers but they sixty percent said yes forty percent said no wait six said yes i swear now look at that majority the madrid said yes so and a lot of them a lot of them were actually women one girl said to me one girl said to me that she said that how yes her man can do only fine she'll be comfortable because he means he can buy a house another person said uh yeah i don't mind as long as he doesn't show his face so yeah those different madness but i'm thinking is it with you or is it with other people you're saying he could do anything that's what i should have asked hold on so basically this girl said it's all right as long as you can get me a house where was that in the contract was that in the contract was that signed was that fine for anyone but you can do only friendzones to buy you a house if i'm doing early fans for for peas i'm doing it for peas i don't know if i'm going to buy us a house with it i don't know i don't know is it a house is that a house hustle how much money get mad my flipping pole yeah so i said in my story are you letting your partner have an early friend's account uh 17 said hell yeah 83 said hell no which was a bit um you know a bit controversial but i received a message from um a girl that used to drama school with so i said are you letting your partner have an early fans better she replied saying letting question mark the choice is not yours i find the use of the word letting to be very controlling in the context of a relationship if someone hasn't only fans it's to pay bills and a partner should always support that which i mean it may not just be papers but in this country sorry wait a minute you know how else you can make bills bro do you know how many jobs there are in the world so how many times are you getting paid bills this is the thing though and it's not about just just to yeah yeah yeah she said it's not about it's not about letting if we put something in this poll like i i had the exact same thing when i said um would you allow your contact would you would you allow your partner having only fans i didn't mean oh it's up to you your it's your choice it's not obviously it's not your choice the question was basically would you like having a partner that uses only basically yeah yeah yeah so i got i got i got a similar majority the majority of it was no i got 71 saying um are you nuts and like i think it was what's that percentage um that's that's 29. said um yeah go on then yeah um yeah yeah sorry yeah finish with yourself that's good that's cool so she goes she goes uh if someone hasn't only found this to pay bills and the partnership always support that obviously a conversation will need to happen but if you you're uncomfortable that your partner has any friends you need to work on yourself they shouldn't have to change thems and my thoughts so i said hello um hello i think you may have understood what i meant by i didn't like you like you said i didn't literally mean the word letting i just meant in terms of the word accepting your partner and also also a lot of these a lot of the girls the feminists that piped up they saw it from a from a standpoint of are you men letting these girls do that no never that it's never correct would you let your partner because i know there's a few few man them that are out i know some some male couples that have only fans and they're doing up on madness on early fans so here's where the crazy part so we did our polls this week here all three of us put our posts in our story and ironically this i know god is mad ironically yeah the same that week we've done our pose the numbers have come out for ruby rose's um only fans subscription so for those of you who don't know ruby rose is a rapper she's an american rapper and she came out and has she said that she makes a hundred thousand dollars and only fans in 48 hours so in two days she makes a hundred thousand dollars and this is the breakdown yeah it's the breakdown so from subscriptions she makes sixteen thousand five hundred and forty five dollars from tips 905 messages 47 065 dollars and then the total grocer that was 22 no hundred and seventy 27 dollars and her net worth two twenty whoa and that was just bad digits bottom network twenty two thousand two hundred and sixteen dollars and she said calm 22k on my first day of only fans if you can be sexy i want to start making dollars text me on the daily for my referral link to get started so they also get money off promo as well so the subscriptions tips posts messages and referrals and streams there are six ways you can make a lot of p through only fans 100k bro what are you telling me bro and the thing is here the pictures she posted here were the same as her instagram story the same stuff she posted on graham she personally only found that there were gentlemen out there that were willing to pay the money for it and she potentially this whole early fans won't even be a thing but because the men will no matter what men will pay whatever money is for that so they will continue to grow do your hustle do the hustle but i am not just because you know it's going to be majority men right but don't you know how many what to say brother do you know how many rich perverts exist in the world let alone like let alone the ones that we're seeing on tv nowadays that are coming out everything's coming out of the crack there are people that you heard of that are rich and just love gal and looking at gallon i'll pay you to show me a picture of your toenail ah i'll give you 50 grand and a piano if you take a picture of your elbow and there's they're mad weird guys out there so i think the toes i don't mind i think i can i can uh no no let's say your girl comes to you now yeah look shut or fred i don't know and i've made 22 uk in my first day which is what we saw this one ruby racing baby rose made 22k in her first day yeah if emma or yoga comes to me and said yo i've made 22k my first day what are you saying about 22k what are you saying okay tell the truth now let me explain i mean are you mad what do you mean what do you mean she messaged me saying i started only funds exactly when you come in this conversation before this because yeah that's too late that's too late i'll be like okay well i hope it goes well i'm gone i'm gone i hope it goes well i'm off if my girl came up to me and said like oh um oh what's the name ruby rose jesus made 100k in 48 hours from only fans i reck i was thinking i could like i don't know get my heel out and just let the mandom look at my heel see how much money we can make back foot that's the only part of if she was showing her foot bottom out yeah that's the only time i'm thinking all right then i'll take 10 off the top other than that we're good let me explain commission first of all i want to have the conversation what what excuse me where was the conversation with me about this you didn't know if i was comfortable with it or not second of all what did you put up if it's just a little toll broth listen as long as you're using a different name make that coincis listen i made that coincis i can't just thought i don't mind that i don't want to see me yeah i don't i don't like i i didn't think i could do it if it's something you're adamant and doing that i don't think i could stick around but um yeah um yeah i don't i don't i don't want to say that i don't judge it i really don't judge it because like if you're if you're a woman and your body is banging forget your body let's say you're a woman like your toes are banging you're going to write the right colors in there or looking crisp and that let's say that's you yeah and you can really really really make a lot of dirt then by all means babe go do you're taking it's as simple as that they're paying your gear to be off to their foot that's what it is we need to stop pretending that it's just old women liberated and like yes it shouldn't be an issue really like i get maybe i'm insecure but i cannot know in my heart of hearts there's some old man looking at my gals thinking oh yeah i can't go enough walking in the street knowing that there are people that will look at my girl thinking that already for them to be able to for them to be able to access that for some money which if there's that level of perv money is not an issue for them they ain't got nothing else to spend on anyway except gal and nakedness that they can't touch so it's so cool this question let me ask you this question all right cool save those are fetish for bicycle there probably is a fetch for biceps here and you can just take pictures of your mind at least yeah and there's women out there rich women out there you have to show anything else you can use an alias name and all you have to do is just take a picture of the bicep ruff are you telling me you ain't making your coin rough no no because i know that i will be comfortable but i wouldn't do it i would only do that if i was single and i needed money yeah i would never do that with someone that's what i'm saying it's a level up for me even for me like all the guys i've seen have voted yes like deadpool i think there's actually just two how many players yes there wasn't a lot of guys that said yes in mind yeah for other people that voted yes there was 14 people that voted yes one of them was a boy a mic on my thing and yes it was one two three boys voted yes i'm writing out of six so half half of my people yeah but i just think i just think if you're a partner in that situation or someone are not only fans i just feel like some a part of me i just feel like am i a mug i don't know maybe it might just be me as i might be a very insecure person but like i don't feel insecure i feel like you're saying i feel like i feel that's a violation because like when i'm thinking about it like i'm the only one who's meant to see that ever yeah and like maybe your girlfriend your female shield especially if you put a ring on it that's even worse but for me it's more the um it's the stigma for example no one will ever know you for example let's say touchwood in a hypothetical universe one of our deficit yeah from that moment onwards yeah that person would just be known as someone say with the only fans do i mean don't know everything else that you've that that you've been what you worked up for or anything that you accredit yourself with you want to pull it off let's say that you're no longer just michael you know his girl's got only fans you know what that you know what that means so it's not like it's like we're saying it so i'm not saying it's a bad thing at all but you know what that implication is exactly and there are a lot of people that will judge a certain thing because they say to how can michael let his girl have only fans when there's when you know there's old man cletus around the corner who loves up gal oh young again so it's just all it's all it's all peak for me i don't know i just feel like i feel like if i if i was okay with that in a relationship i just feel like i'm being walked over a bit i just feel like it's just like why is my like even if i said no i don't want to do it and she like if for some reason i went nah i'm not really on that she did it anyway okay there's no way that relationship can continue yeah you can call it no way i just think i just think there's so many other ways to make money because people are too lazy to put like a shift in so they have to go oh you know let me just get my body out for for the for them man bro that's been happening only fans is just the newest one there's patreon there's all these other like accounts that you just have to pay to get exclusive content for and that half the time i'm pretty sure this is exclusive content anyway that's just going off that's just going off what we're saying yeah it's been selling about i've said it's been selling for years and for decades over centuries in it and the minute the minute like playboy and hugh hefner are marrying monroe and pamela anderson and what's that beach what's the babe watching everything's there they're all getting commercialized and they're all getting put on a particular pedestal it's like okay cool you know what this is and this isn't just women only it's like for men as well i can make a lot of pee based on how attractive i am yeah not based on how not based on how hard i work in it and i'm not talking about modeling cause modelling is starting out you can have a unique look or whatever else whatever but i'm talking about sex in particular like only fans and all them things they're like it for me it has kind of it's like damaged society mentality of like hard-working match i mean i don't know like if there's nothing wrong with being attracted to making money from it but just to know that if that's the that should be the last resort that i mean in my opinion i just think there's a certain level i just think there's certain levels of of it i don't know i just for me like each fully each of their own if that's how if you're in them people you're very comfortable to just to do that then fair play like i can't i'm not judging you about that what i'm saying is if you're dealing with me or if i'm dealing with you there should be a level of respect in my opinion that would be i'm not going to let anyone who end you see certain parts of my body that's what i think about it yeah just out of pure respect and like for me i don't it's the thing it's it's so like it's a different story if i went to a relationship and she was already doing only fans you can't tell someone who's already doing that exactly exactly it was already it was ready it's a pre-contract agreement you can't you can't change that but if it's something that's now being sprung up and it's like i don't know anyone for me anyone who's with me should know that's just not worth even bringing up quickly two things people one comment your opinions in comment section please if you need let's have more conversations and secondly if anyone is watching this and they haven't only fans or know anyone that hasn't really found that is comfortable to open down a conversation then please please we'd love that we'd love that yeah and don't think we don't think you're going to come on here and we're just going to cuss it no we don't like this is just a very this is a very vague understanding of what only fans actually is for what exactly exactly this is literally like the very basic what twitter says opinion of it really because we just kind of we don't know we don't know so like an open conversation yeah that would be very very interesting and just very interesting to understand um just her motivations behind it um what like if that if that person's in a relationship as well sick as well just it's easy i guess it's easier money like if you if you don't have to like for some of these people how they're thinking if you don't if you don't have to sit in the office and do a nine to five and you can make money on your appearance and of course some people a lot of people where is so it where there's a generation now where people would rather do that people would rather make easy money okay cool and obviously like you said we already so like you said that reverse she took the same picture from instagram put it on the only fan if you can make money from that where someone's just gonna screenshot that anyway and beat his meat after that then why not yeah they're gonna say if someone come up to you and say okay cool let's stay in a in a random world only fans doesn't exist yet let's say someone called your fred listen there's this new website here bro you just upload yourself top place yeah just quick flex here and you're going to make bear peas bro and and bear in mind that you're not thinking about like what only friends is like if someone goes you can upload the same picture you upload on your gram willingly on another platform maybe it's nothing and you're going to get a paid piece then of course yeah it's just it's a matter of then if you talk in that sense this is a matter of what people are seeing on your insta and what they're seeing on your their only fans if i if i talk to like i don't know for example my girl doesn't really have a lot of she has like like holiday pictures out but she's not like one of them girls you'll see on instagram that don't really they're wearing much clothes and they're all kind of always turned over bent up sit down against the mirrors and all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like she she's kind of like she's always got clothes on she's always like it's just very very um just a very normal instagram a very healthy normal instagram web i'm not saying that's unhealthy jesus christ don't cancel me but what i'm saying is exactly what i'm saying is if my girl then turned to me and went oh i want to go on only fans and take this this this kind of picture this one and like it makes sense for a ruby rose who's like that's kind of the stuff you're really got that clown she's good already so so it's not like it's not like there's anything they ain't seen already and i've walked into this relationship and that was that was what the game was from from they dot if my girlfriend then came to me and said oh yeah if i just get like showing up like brah underwear we'll make a bit of money i'm like nah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that because that's not that's not like it's not like it's something you usually do it's just this is something you're trying to do now to make money i'm not feeling it i'm not about it from the other side then so then i've got a screenshot here so do you guys know him the dj i'm ready for that yeah i think so what's in that um big shaq video yeah yeah yeah yeah so she put a screenshot up here she received an email on monday 20 monday 20th july yesterday receiving emails saying subject once you try feet query dear management i'm writing to you in query wherever snooty would sell feed picks payment would be made via paypal cash app although other alternatives are available upon request and she screenshotted it and put low laugh my effing ah so i'm saying so that's the other side of it that's the other side of it you've got people that rachel are doing brian panty in there and then you got the outside people that i wouldn't get to see just because and that is it what what i don't know why we keep acting like that's all right man like it's not it's like i get people i keep i don't understand people have fetishes and stuff i get it i get it sometimes like a night like for me like my girlfriend's feet are are sexy because she's small and she's dating and she's she's pretty so for me i understand i understand why people can find feet sexy basically is what i'm saying however that does not mean that because it's not like a mad like sexualized part of the body that it should be being sent out there for people to do which can be sexuality like your friend emma said about the whole legs thing i think i think one thing about only financing it does kind of get into mentality of entitlement like if i'm paying for it i just have to see it kind of thing like and sexualizing feet like i don't know i just i just feel like we we shouldn't be getting comfortable with that even though it's been such a thing for years and it's like this is categories and whatnot but i don't know man it's just a bit weird isn't it like it's i don't know i don't know i don't know i just think man would any of you have only fans if you were single me nah i respect myself and i'm not saying with what i do not only that and my family i mean i was raised in that like in terms of for my i don't need to do that i've got so much my 12 fingers cousin to be getting bullied at school at all your uncle's got only friends you know for me i just think i just look at it i think there's so many other um avenues to take before before like only fans comes into my head that's literally probably like plan plan said like like when when i've existed all options maybe that would be something considered but for me i don't i don't that's like i said it's one of the things where like it's never it's never a judgment thing on those people everything we've said is about our own lives and our own experiences everything i said about never never never is because of who i am today and kind of the person i am today who knows i could have a mad midlife crisis when i'm 35 and potentially consider it who knows but if that's what you do run it up right now for me i've gotten i've already got an issue with the people that i was i know we're debating all this but i haven't really necessarily got an issue with people that maybe just said if just because i just think it's feet it is what it isn't it like whatever yeah and necessarily you can it's feet but when it comes to this part what's your best friend holiday i'm sure you guys are not best friends you guys have probably got female friends as well so let's say you've got a female friend that comes up to you so maybe somebody's going to show you with whatever not and they're like our friend or friend i'm starting uh only advance what then waste what's your opinion now i'm still the same to you to make money it is what it is but for me it's not directly involved with me and it's something they're like i don't want people looking at my my girl or my kid or my mom in a certain way i can't i can't i'm not i don't think i'm in the wrong for feeling that way so like it's a simple ass but for people that like i ain't got no ties to in terms of like oh yeah we're we're friends but like you're an adult you do what you want if you feel like that's the only way you can make money or the best way for you to make money once one more question one more question where do we stop because right now it is um bra panty maybe somebody or whatnot but where do we draw the line onto the distance this actually starts to become quite problematic and um what's the word that like was um counterproductive jeremy where did where do we draw that line i feel like it's still you know good and fun now people are making 22k in that but i don't i don't think it's a healthy thing by sage i mean but i mean it promotes this kind of toxic mindset that you can have whatever you want as long as you want it like it's not it's it i i'm not and because i know that there are like like just based off of what people are what people say i've never i've never been on only fans but i know that there are porn stars have only fans accounts there are strippers i know that some of these porn stars have sex on these only fans accounts and stuff and and and like this idea of if i pay this i can see it it can't as long as i think there needs to be a point where we go it's getting to a point now where people are just feeling like they can just put an account on pay their money and they are entitled to every part of you and that's that's what happens these are people people rich people harvey weinstein is literally that that's his mindset if i'm paying for this i can touch it when if even if they pay though did he pay if i'm giving you a job that means you're getting paid so if i'm paying you i can get what i want from you this is where this is where and that's a very dangerous mindset especially when we've got so many toxic males that exist oh we have to i don't think i don't think it helps i know i know obviously um men and women obviously we all need to be educated in that i guess some men need to be educated more so than others because they have that you no one should ever feel entitled i do believe i do believe with their only fans and like with pawn size friends for instance you because a lot of males have invested and i've paid a lot of money into whether it's buying subscribing to this porn channel or like only fans you do feel you know i watched an interview just before this actually we filmed this uh me and khalifa talking about why she quit the porn industry and how she got taken advantage of and stuff like that and she was saying how mel's felt entitled to it she'll be on the street she'll get cat call people will touch her and she didn't want to go out a and i just feel like it's true a lot of sick perverted men feel entitled they've seen it they're paying for it so because they're paying for it they now feel entitled to your body that's mine that's what i feel and that's exactly what shaq's saying i do feel like yeah it's true where do we draw the line but the problem is the fact as long as these men are able to do this and pay for this as long as become is accessible for everyone let's slow down yeah if it's going to change i think we need to stop locking these kind of things off i don't want to be that flipping sports ball i would man or whatever but i think through that only fans and all the other platforms that you mentioned chat about the different fetishes i think about people that might would like you to do with me i think about my cousins that are young my cousins just had 17 16 are all girls i think about my nephew he's like five like i see he's not growing up i was only going to get worse and it makes me flipping scared but i just want to lock these things off as soon as possible because like he said with that mentality it becomes normality that oh yeah cool matter of just because it's not a piece to get that nice mind and we start sexualizing fear and we start sexualizing the alberta and biceps then you've got them people start going to the gym seeing people seeing girls in the gym and thinking yeah i can touch that mac and grab that yeah but we draw the line bro it's a bit longer i can't lie but that's what my power in problem no it's ways i just think yeah i just think it's uh people just need to um do what make do what makes you happy um and without fear of judgment it is what people always have opinions on stuff and i'm sure that everyone who has only fans probably is aware of that and probably doesn't even really care of our opinion of it because they're doing it and they're making their their coins so like you know respect to them who respectful to those who have who have the confidence to do that like that's all that i like for me personally i couldn't do it but i understand that people's situations sometimes are just completely different as well i understand what people do i get more so why some people are doing it now with their position awareness i'm not i'm not condoning i'm not yeah with that but i get why more so more and more people maybe start i've done it should you say and you don't have to you don't have to agree to something to understand it and respect it there we go yeah so that's what this is how i feel about it and if you don't like the fact that i'm not for my girlfriend or my partner or even myself having the only fans whilst i'm in a relationship then that's fine that's just how i'm going to be we'll never be together so it don't matter yeah i think that was about friend about being in lockdown as well i'm pretty sure everyone's kind of digitally all consumption being online during lockdown has tripled or skyrocketed in general so something like only fans in an economic situation where a lot of people aren't earning would have been a lot more tempting to a lot of people rather than this time last year which i'm saying so yeah i fully oh 100 situations in context exactly man i hear it you think about how many graduates finish i'm not saying that i'm not saying it's right but you know i can see i can see why some people do it you know i mean some people don't necessarily think they're smart or good enough for anything else and they think oh i've got a good pair of tits or i've got all this and that's why i mean i've got a six-pack you know what let me let me put it out there i'm not saying it's right but i can see why certain people fall to that if you can make like you said what someone else needs and if you can make what if you can make what someone earns in a year within within like an upload within a day or 24 hours within 24 hours what she did i know she's got clout already but i don't know she photoshopped it like as well like made it look like she was naked in it and then bare people just flocked and did it that really rose like it's mad um so that's enough more food more food those guys that pay for that picture more for you because yeah from what i know of it she took a picture from the ground like you said put that little flower emoji on it so yeah so this means that these people are paying for a preview until they see the actual thing right yeah which for me is even crazier it's not even like you're seeing the product and like yeah yeah i'm praying for that it's like okay cool so you know she could have had shorts on she could have had a um bra anything on i know you just said yeah pay for regardless because you're probably gonna be naked and she fully wasn't there is a lot of there is a lot of just men out there and i guess a lot of a lot of the women a lot of the women that necessarily do only fans feel like it's their body that can do what they want with it yeah they can and i mean they're more in control the situation by them doing only fans in the comfort of their own house and i understand that but it's too accessible i don't feel like it helped these men yeah all control they need to help they you know they shouldn't have these thoughts but the fact of the matter is men have these thoughts that's annoying yeah i think it's it's that it's quite scary where we're going sure i'd like to i really want one thing i really wonder about with that as well as the the safety of these people like are they actually safe that's important because when you think about it the popular the people like uh ruby rose whatever are they she don't know her name was ruby rose yeah the fact that she has clout and she hasn't only fans that means more more it's more likely that they found her on instagram before they found her only fans in it they would have gone from instagram to only fans yeah for me i'm like how safe is this girl from from a guy one dm in her sending her pictures of him to i could just find where you are at any point because it's social media so i'm just like you just i think you just i'd love to know what their what their safeguarding rules are for only fans yeah it's one thing i'd like to learn about just like are these people actually being protected or are they just being left left to themselves i can only assume with the amount of freedom in terms of what the actual post um in terms of what you're actually posting that the safeguarding can only do so much because if you have so much freedom to post from feet to full and nudity you know how wide scale that is that means that they made the amount of safeguarding they have cannot be that vast because you have so much freedom to do anything from feet to full of moody so like you said we'll be interested to find out please if anyone's watching and they know anyone or they have more information about it it'll be an interesting topic to discuss again and we we actually wanted to have a guest on this episode but we just couldn't find someone that fitted the brief to talk about this properly so it potentially so you know obviously like with the breakdown we're obviously looking for like a bam a bane performer um this guy this guy so notice you know it's the hip thing um i mean i'm sure most people would be used to that by now that's all the people that get employed now anyway it's just bames in it so you know we'll just carry on with the same with the same the same rule you're such an instigator brad he is he's like no i'm not everyone's welcome everyone's welcome i just we just want to learn we just want to learn what about um the same sex versions of that so i'm not too clued up by it but i know that there's similar platforms for gay couples and for like lesbian couples for example what what do we think applies for that then well my girl my girl told me about a a couple of friends she has like they're they're a couple and they literally just they have i don't know what goes on in the only fans but they have a shared only fans account that they're making money off of like everything it's a gay relationship i think um but yeah i just think that for me that is the conversation i'm probably more willing to have a conversation about not saying that i'd ever do it but i'd rather have a conversation of oh shall we do this thing as opposed to oh um oh i want to do this thing like if it was us i probably i'd definitely still say no but at least i'm not thinking about like the idea of you being on your own so i mean like you doing this thing by yourself and all these these people seeing that so i get like if you're that kind of couple who are open with that kind of like to do that kind of thing like that kind of exhibit it's kind of exhibitiony that kind of would do it out in the open and like it's not out in the open but it's public it's publicized so everyone can see it so i get if you're if you're willing to do that kind of thing more power to you carry on like it's not i don't think something doing something like that would ever necessarily cause an issue within the relationship as much as i think for me my partner doing doing that and i'm just having to carry on that i think would cause a lot of issues within my relationship because i know that i'm not i'm probably not secure enough to ever let not let but like ever be okay with someone doing something like that and me sticking around i'd have i think i would just have to bounce because i'm never gonna i'm never gonna tell him you can't do it because it's not my place to say everyone is adults so i mean like when you think about it the person that you've met and you're in a relationship did not know you until they until you met so like you're full on fully functioning our age and that our age is now like we're in our 20s from then really there no changes for me to take unless i decide to make the change myself so like you know if it's if it's i mean if you can't change you can't change people so if that's the situation for them and they want to do that then it is what it is i'm bouncing i'm bouncing i always like to know if it's sustainable that's what i would like obviously he's all good well and good now people are jumping on the bandwagon and doing it making a lot of money but oh well he's saying in terms of in terms of what you've done with the battery breaths and feet at night you've done it maybe 10 times on your and you're so and your actual fans have seen that enough times will they continue to pay or will you use will you lose subscribers will you start yeah what happens what happens when it drives up because it's going to be the next person i know some people have loads of accounts but i'm just thinking if you're not at the top tier of your game yeah it's just sustainable like well you're just talking and you've got your stuff out on the internet then it's never going to come off i don't know how it works i know i only plan your way in control i guess someone can easily get another camera and film i guess didn't only fans completely get leaked the other day the whole thing got hacked and leaked so it's not safe but um in terms of sustainability just look at it in the sense of like all these instagram models still have the same followers still get the same likes influences and stuff in i mean so it's not that it's not that they're seeing anything new it's just that it's in a different t-shirt or well it's in a different dress do i mean like like i think it's that matter when you're growing up with like as a kid you like you see things like like like i don't i'm not trying that i'm already not trying to draw myself out because i know like people watch this but like as a kid but like you know that babe station as a child not a child but like a teenager growing up like babe station you would probably watch that a few times you'd probably see the same person you're not gonna go ah this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now because because i've seen whatever her name will be um six times already it's it don't make a difference like as a i think as a as a guy or as a girl like if you're attracted to something you're attracted to it i guess it's i think it is definitely sustainable as long as you it's just like anything with social media if you're constant and you're consistent sorry you're always gonna it will be sustainable updated yeah what i mean is what i'm saying is obviously you'll do it for a matter of times i'll see you maybe some people for a short amount of time collect their coins buy the house buy the car live a certain lifestyle but i'm saying obviously the older you get you might get tired of it but then have you now destroyed yourself in terms of getting the job and stuff in the near future how where does it look the funny thing is the way the society is set up here you you could probably do an early fans for a good five years get your house get your people them so it'd get everybody out of debt and you're probably still going to get a proper job and be an accountant and whatever not because it's just one of them things it's literally just another profession bro that's all it is it's set yourselves in it and you've got it it's it's you have to look it in a position in a uh yeah in a position of like right if i've made money in five years enough for me to buy a house that means that you've had a big success yeah yeah if you're on social media that basically makes you a social media influencer you can now use that platform that you've used from only fans to get endorsement deals from other things it's like if you look at like there are there are um loads of instagram models that are like bikini models and that's literally all they do but they're also they're also selling like um one of them um one of them diet drinks that you're drinking it make you slim out quicker than slim bunny things and all that stuff like i'm not honestly i'm not costing it because i think every hustle is is sick make you make money wherever you can um but there's not me so i'm just saying in terms of sustainability even if that drives up by the time you're in that position of you've got the house and you've got the car you've probably got about five or six other different avenues anyway so let's go back to what um fred was saying about um about um sorry about the individual circumstance if that's part of your 10-year plan like a cool i'm gonna do this for five years get myself out of there get my family out of there get back into a go into a good school get a car get a house and then i'll do my own business and then get endorsements and i cannot sit here and cost you i cannot if that's part of your plan then yeah if you've got a plan with it cool i just think if you're just doing it recklessly you're not even thinking about then that's when i think there's an issue there but i think if you're in the right state of mind paul i knew like he said you've got your plan i know like he said you know some paul said you see them to do it for a certain amount of years they collect their coin boom they own the house and then boom they've gone until whatever next and like you said you've got your brand in it like you know what that means even though she didn't make a lot in pawn she she's gone now she's still got that's what she did uh what did you do sorry what'd you and she told her direct she was like listen you're gonna get me in trouble you know i mean and and you know i mean they laughed it off and she did the video because she said how she was on 400 and something she said she only had a couple a couple thousand followers she said from within three within like i think a week she got to two million followers something like that man because of that video it blew up she got different from isis people were obviously abused and she got banned from like syria all these certain planes she was like well i'm catholic i'm not muslim whatever anyway but she's got a brand now she stopped porn she didn't do porn for that long actually she only did a couple videos she said and she isn't yeah she didn't do porn for that long and she's there but she's a brand now she's doing loads of different talk shows she's she's done little jobs as well she's got a flipping video with um yeah i saw that i saw that that is so funny i was scrolling through after the fan tv wearing man arsenal fan tv is arsenal fan tv it's about becoming arsenal and football i've seen bobby and mia khalifa talk about slang words i said what on earth is this bro oh my days but you can look at mia khalifa i think anyone who's ever worked as a sex worker in any um in any sense i guess gets more towards the lines of media you can look at mia khalifa as someone who got out of it and has actually made a lot more money since more money than she ever made from the industry so i think that's i don't know maybe maybe some people's plan is to go like do the only fans get their clout and then then use that as a jumping ship to something that's pushed off platform yeah it feels you know and if you're a single person in my head that is hustling that's a smart move that's smart business moves me i couldn't do it because yeah mainly because i have other adventures that i that are that are accessible to me because i'm an actor so for me when i think about oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't got money what happens in my head oh i can make some more music i can release some music that will hopefully get me a few p's oh i can make a podcast with my friends hopefully that will like mor not so much financially for the podcasters this was more something that i just really enjoyed the more creatively but like if it blows then money comes that way oh if even if none of that works i could be an amazon driver i could do ubereats drive it i could be a deliveroo driver i could do deliveries for sainsburys bro that's why that's where my head goes but like i don't know like i think as you said fred people are especially our generation of people they just want instant instant instruments they think graphic is the gratification is the worst thing yeah that's it likes exactly because they're used to getting the quick likes and the quick follows and the quick picture quick post post done now remember when 3g was super fast remember when 3g was pacey and then 4g came along and suddenly 3g is so slow that's our mindset doing doing that to us like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's not fast enough anymore it's not good enough now you can't have a phone with 3g anymore you need to get a 4g phone asap and if you're doing it if your parents won't do it they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you hate them we've gone so far now so i don't know what the next crazy is going to be because we've got only fans what next that's what i said that's why i said where did the lion stop where do you draw the line because i was talking to some friends for example about love island in it and i was like just in conversation like yeah would you ever do love island in it and people said no people said yeah but i remember what my boy said yeah absolutely because it's similar to only fans it's that kind of push-off platform you're going to get that blue tick within a flipping week bro jamie and then from then on like you said it's the endorphins it's the peas it's your name it's your brand and then from then on you are like making leaf you are free to do whatever the flip you want and okay cool you know what that stigma may stay with you but that's up to you whether or not you want to kind of keep that on your mind and that you can continue to make other businesses and other stuff working it so yeah you're right it only offends you as long as you allow it to offend you so you're exactly i just think you're single and that's your hustle then bigger human yeah i just think like for me like i think i said the other day like i must have seen someone on on twitter just like i can't remember what they said but they were basically kind of like you know when you drop your cv and you go why have i not got a blue tick yet oh who did that i can't say it they might see this but they dropped their they dropped their whole cv basically i did this this this this and i'm still not verified what's going on and for me when you look at stuff like love island and you look at that from a standpoint of yeah that's an instant bluetooth like each of their own i'm sure that a lot of people the values of a blue tick is a lot more than for me i remember at one point in my life all i wanted was to be like popular and famous and because i never really felt that i was like that and like like i think growing up i kind of felt i wasn't as like i was never like the coolest person i was never like the most interesting person i've never the best looking so i think when i was a lot younger like like early teens like 12 13 14 15 probably into about 16. should be fair probably till i started drama school i was just in my head of like yeah that'd be sick to get a blue reel on a blue but when i get to that age now and i'll go do you know what um we're looking at this now i've tweeted it out as well i said like we're looking at this thing where a blue tick literally there's a there's a social class in social media right now which i didn't think i didn't think that's what it was about but when you look at it really it's all about only people that matter are the ones the blue ticks and if you ain't got a blue tick you're not really certain yet you ain't gonna get like these little things like if you don't get 10k followers on instagram you can't put a link to your you can't do a swipe up link that's ridiculous if you get if you get 10 000 followers you can become monetized on on instagram you can make you can do paid partnerships you can do pretty much anything but why why what is the issue with people not why should people be able to do that from the they dot of instagram i understand like certain certain paid parts that you're not going to get unless you have followers but people should be able to go oh i've made this song or oh this is my project i've been working on swipe up to to book this or swipe up to watch this video why can't people should be able to do that from the beginning but they won't let you because they want you to um to growing followers and become bigger so other people will will join into this thing and it becomes a big old network of where to tear but really it's just a blue tick it doesn't mean anything anything in there the blue chick the blue is never gonna stop me from being who i am the person who will call out [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from from from the beginning i will if someone's saying something that i don't agree with i'm going to speak up don't think that me with a blue tick makes anything i say more valid because it doesn't right it's the world of punters who just look at these people with blue ticks who think they're literally that's like that's what it's like in our builder oh yeah exactly exactly based on followers if you're not if you're not verified on monday and your bluetooth lines on tuesday you are no different that is it but no different and i think a similar thing to you bro about wanting the bluetooth because of you know your popular you then become that guy people with people's names in your mouth and you know you become you get to walk into doors you may not be talking to before you might get let into places you may not be let into before you might be looked at a type of way and that's something that is desirable to everyone at one point in their life i fully get that and the only thing at the moment as you said looking back on it now at 24 the only thing i would say about the blue tick is that it does allow you to open conversation and get into doors that you would not be able to choose that you wouldn't be able to get into sorry if you did not have bluetooth those doors are still accessible via other avenues for example working hard networking within yourself and um promoting your own stuff and all that kind of thing i just feel like the there's a good side of the music like in like everything like there's a good side of the blue tick and there's a sad ability that makes you feel like you're better than somebody my point is the argument twitter have for verification is that they need to know that you're real basically that's all the verified tick means is that you're actually this person talking off of this account so they need they need yeah they need a website an access like the proof of a website that you have i think it's a when i was younger i've definitely applied for it i know i have as a kid um you need um i think i think the pretty much all you need is a website that links to shows legit you when really it's just to take a picture of your id and prove a proof you're a real person really surely and that should be enough to get a blue tick because i have my id then it's definitely me because verified means it's actually them not that they're more popular than you know but it's been translated to become that because the only people who get blue ticks are the ones that you see on tv or the people that did it when say you could literally make someone a fake account on instagram and say that you're them so like how's this verification really working it's about clout who's got the most clout today we can have a bluetooth because he's got his clout there are people with if you're going to say about cloud how come for example someone who okay let's say let's say someone like jedward here jeremy from back in the day next factor i i don't even think social media was around when they weren't that it was that long ago but regardless if i look them up now let's see if i can find them if i look them up now they're probably verified yeah but i wouldn't say they've got any clout right about now i would say they're quite dry but they're not because once you've had your peak and then you begin to plateau why don't they take anything like you said about if it's cloud if it's just about cloud and where you are wrapping in you know social media and that if you're no longer a social media i don't think i but i didn't take general jack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah literally the one they got a blue kick i can see it right here so how many followers do they have though um they have got 27k 129k bro yeah that but for me that's enough for them to keep a bluetooth if it's about as well they're very popular as well like you gotta remember once you once you are on these kind of shows like x factor and started like even though our friend nathan when he's when we went on tour people were literally coming out just to see him and he did he did x factor and he had he's not like he's affiliated with it like that much ever since he's just kind of done his own thing musically but he's still got them fans so i just think if if we're talking about verifying people we should actually verify people if you're a real person then you should have a blue tick it shouldn't make you stand out because you're popular it should make you stand out because you're a certified person and what you have to say is real what is happening is that we're getting a lot of people who are getting their followers getting their blue ticks and thinking that they can say what they want to anybody there are a lot of yeah particularly in um our industry i don't know if it it's weird to say particularly in our industry because it's all we see on social media is is the musical theory industry but i just think that like the the the mindset and the ego of a musical theater actor can easily be so inflated for no reason started in here because you saw you saw someone on someone tweet yeah yes our egos get so inflated that we forget that like a world exists around us and yeah and like yeah there are certain there are certain um actors that like i've had to mute poorly based off their hypocrisy the fact that they will attack people for attacking other people i think there's always a way of communicating that doesn't mean that it's always a war there that the same person i'm thinking of in my mind will literally um so my friend um my good friend um who's here below me at gsa made a comment about people um he said that actors should have a a vague knowledge of oh he's a friend music theory yeah and that blew up why is it basically he's a set he basically he worded it pretty pretty like kind of like bluntly but he was kind of saying if you have a brief understanding of of the music theory that you're being asked to rehearse it would help in the rehearsal room and it is kind of part of your it said it said it's oh it's kind of part of your job when it's not it's not part of your job to be good at uh music theory but it would be really helpful it'd be really helpful for uh for mds if they didn't have to worry about that first part of it yeah yeah and yeah so people kicked off and i remember one person in running her mouth for and just saying loads of stuff talk throwing about white privilege and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you don't you one you don't know him the fact that you have a i'm gonna say it she was one of them yeah yeah yeah this is what i'm talking about yeah um she and and she she wait is this the person that replied yeah yeah she was she's among other yeah she's saying you have an elitist mentality your your privilege and then i was thinking i was like first off so i know you come from a privileged background yourself you don't know this person and you're just gonna you're gonna pay him a certain way and all your little fans who are going to see you and see miss with her blue tick rare with all these with all the followers she has they're gonna look at the way she's talking to this guy and go that's exactly how he is as a person and this and you don't understand how much that can one affect someone's mental health to affect his entire career based off of one thing that he said he's not like he's famous he just said it on twitter so you're thinking oh my friends will see that and your friends kind of probably have a similar mindset to you but what you've done there is is alienate and victimize and and uh scapegoat him so much that that it could have seriously affected his mental health but you're the one but then the next day but then the next day she's sprouting every day she's spreading about when people come for her for being big for being bigger boned it or being curvy that's where that's where my annoyance comes from my annoyance comes from how much she can be on twitter feeling like uh uh spewing this victim chat and how she's attacked which is completely fair because i do think people are horrible towards her for no reason but then don't go and those who live in glass houses should throw stones because as soon as you're ready to you can just run a man for saying something that you didn't like the sound of because it because it offended you i can't read sheet music didn't offend me oh yeah i was like i've got an air i've got an ear for music i really i think that the kind of what it boils down to is actually not that deep what the body said was that no broth not all the body said that it would be um i don't know how he was there but actually should be able to reshoot me music in the house room or like it could help you in the house room but whether or not their friends you're not this what i mean people are about chucky chucky that's why i love chuckie bug chucky always says one thing on half past he always says don't take anything personally both positive and negative so i mean when people say something about you that they like because they like you in that moment don't ever think anything too personally in it i mean so now my mind said about music theory and that being an actor saying that actor should be able to do that for whatever reason she's taking that personally that doesn't that doesn't necessarily mean that that one person like you said she he's not at you he's never once attitude or literally why don't you know sheet music it's really not that big twitter's a pledge for everyone to say whatever the hell they want yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i got into it on twitter as well because i just said like why it was a massive thing what is it like you know it's like a big debate in the channel but so so many the thing with twitter is there are there you know if you you everyone's got an opinion there obviously no one's right no one's wrong everyone's entitled to their opinion unless you start saying hateful things or whatever obviously the way he wasn't the best obviously she just obviously maybe it was a maybe she thought it was like a personal attack on her not that to say that she yeah she can't really yeah spread it that way i mean i don't know what i'm saying but like obviously everyone playing devil advocate everyone reads things differently i don't think obviously having your clown it's the kind of thing you're having your followers that you do i don't think she should have gone in on the boy like that like yeah yeah education the way i saw it was when i saw the tweet this is how it literally went for me i see the tweet yet it's been deleted now i see the tweet and i just go huh i don't agree let's carry on scrolling later in the day my housemate jake comes up to me and he goes oh shaq have you seen um my man's post has gone it's gone mad obviously don't you don't speak like that but i don't want to i don't really want to say his name because i don't want people to come for him again or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they might want to do on twitter so you see you see my man just post that poster thing has gone off we've got oh casting directors all these people are coming through and i was like wow what over what are they making an opinion so i must have gone i must have gone on here after a while and i've seen that a lot of like my teachers and stuff have made their own opinions about it not just kind of like this is stupid why people going off and i've said something and then she's seen that i've said that she that i said i think she's a bit of a hypocrite basically and she was like just decided that she could now try and fight try and argue me i'm arguing bruh you can't argue i argue with me the only person who can out argue me is my mom and my my mum my sister and my girlfriend the only two people ever been able to argue in my life my mom my sister and my argument so i said to her like um i said to her um you've had an amazing career and you can't read sheet music so why does this guy's opinion matter to you she goes that's the thing shaq it shouldn't now when well then why are we having this conversation because really it don't matter i saw it i can't read sheet music kind of agree that it would help me in my career if i learnt it but at the same time don't care because i'm worried affecting it doesn't it hasn't affected any person that i've met who can't read sheet music in their career it's just a little thing that like might help might even might not help who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's an opinion why are you going there with your big how many followers and your big blue tick to fight him in an argument just scroll past it just scroll past it and the fact that the reason she would have seen it was because it got so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] likes so clearly there's a market of people that agree with him so yeah yeah it's just an opinion going back to twitter though oh sorry michael i'll let you let's go let's go i think that even when you're at drama school bro teachers will tell you you need to have me something basic but what he tweeted isn't something controversial what he treated is it something new people have been saying this so why is it now that he's become a victim i don't i really i don't remember yeah there was there was a lot of people i don't remember seeing this on my timeline this year this is the first thing i'm hearing of this situation so i'm not too sure about details in that even still and maybe okay cool maybe because i think especially uh especially online the way you word things has got to be so super careful because things can be misconstrued all the time i mean so um i don't know how much yeah i was saying oh yeah sorry i was i was saying what um so my as we were doing the um doing the chat here guys my friend obviously messaged me obviously some guy did a this actor i don't know if you guys know he's been on eastenders aaron sidwell he just made a tweet made a tweet today at like about 11 59 saying the problem with actors presenting podcasts is they're not listening to the person they're interviewing they're just waiting for the next chance to talk about themselves so i had to go in well i'm talking to you guys now i had to message you this is what i mean that's the twitter obviously i could have ignored that but certain things you just can't ignore on twitter yeah and i had to do that because i thought as a personal attack on me even though because and that's what i'm trying to say playing devil's ever cut with obviously with her big clouds she's seeing something that's maybe triggered her to actually respond there we go that's what i think i mean obviously i understand she maybe shouldn't have gone in on him the way she did but after seeing this tweet and i'm thinking we're doing a podcast now i feel like you're generalizing everything you should have said you should have sent me my link bro how about yo listen to this bro change your mind real quick blood i would just tell them i'll send them the link the problem actors presenting they're just waiting for their next chance by themselves with a link blood so i just had to tweet and that's that's what i think is with twitter twitter is one of the things everyone's inside of their but like you said you have to be very careful with what you tweet he just he just i don't think he just he didn't i always if i want to tweet something controversial i always send it to my get them to read it over get an opinion and then tweet it because when i'm angry and i'm typing i type how i talk and it doesn't make sense and also people can read the wrong way so yeah i think yeah he acknowledged at the time like yeah i've worded it kind of badly i kind of just spoke freely because i didn't expect it to get the the kind of numbers that got um and it was like i just also wanted to point out that if i was a different person you could have actually seriously a lot of you people could have really seriously affected my mental health so like obviously a lot of people on social media this is him he said this a lot of people on social media will sprout about mental health and and and being aware of people with mental health and taking care of people and not affecting their mental health and then go and run run their mouth he's like but obviously i'm deleting it i'm sorry for anyone i've offended i don't want to cause any more issues want everyone to just be chill and just let's move on past this the first response yeah but actually meta half goes both ways at that point even if you didn't look at you looked at the tweet and you said how i had you have to you took the bait and you responded he's now apologized he's now also said that like we have to be aware this is social media so sometimes i can't hear you man can i hear me i can hear you i can do it yeah your airpod's dead are they dead yeah yeah yeah okay you're fine i can't hear you man why check your audio check your speaker what speakers are coming through press press that right now absolutely man check out these absolutely dudes [Laughter] are you back now um yeah yeah i just went um yeah i just think it's a matter of you're you've seen the guy apologize now he's saying i just want to move on from it to be honest i'm really sorry for anyone i offended i didn't mean to offend anyone um he's kind of said you know like there are a lot of people who are a bit hypocritical in the way they've dealt with my situation and when they're getting dealt with they want to talk about mental health and stuff and i remember if it was anyone else it could have it could if it could it could have been someone who was a bit more insecure about themselves in a bit so like you don't you don't know what you could do someone so just be careful you're typing and she had the audacity to keep arguing that for me is a moment of my ego is too big for me to let it to let it just be because for me from the dot if i i saw it i didn't care all right so it's an opinion and the way he's written it i did obviously i didn't i didn't really know what what energy he had behind it but i was like don't think it's true don't think you're right whatever i like i was like i don't need to prove to you that you're wrong because i'm here i've been working i'm working so like there's not there's no like there's no um i think people need to just hold their tongue some a bit more on social media i think you're right people need to think through what they're saying because like even look at kanye west who said a madness about harriet tubman which actually wasn't about harriet tubman but look at how social i mean mental health obviously obviously he's struggling it's a different story but you know like the point he was making wasn't the fact that oh he wasn't saying that harriet tubman wasn't uncle tom or that she was working for the white people he was just changed it was just making the fact that slavery is it's not that slavery still going on today it's just it's just been you but they're they're enslaving us in a different way now yeah yeah we're free and yeah we're getting paid but we're never at the top when that we're not the people at the top we're not the boards and members we're not the chairs we're not so it's not really freedom freedom is financial freedom and freedom to do whatever you want and and be a leader of these things and i just feel like he worded it so mad and left that everyone forgot the point that he was actually making and i just think yeah like first off we need to just i think everyone needs to pray for kanye because i just feel like he's going through something right now that yeah a long time i i i used to i used to laugh at it i used to laugh like kanye when i was just mad just chatting bail what's in like you said i do think it's a serious situation here because mental health isn't really a joke i did i only found out recently that he's actually bipolar and stuff so i'm now at a point like you know i think i think twitter needs to allow it but it's not every day making fun of somebody if it's not will smith if it's not kanye west if it's not violent it's not everybody make fun of people in there sometimes like look at khan you're not getting cool this brother needs some sort of help yeah take his phone off him and let him stop putting him on his social if you're his management or his team more than he's on twitch you've got around him stop using this as a flipping opportunity to make him a bit more in the media and that uses an opportunity to give the guy some help man because that's what i mean someone said yeah someone joined us joe barlos was like it's very clear to see that yay has not got any real around him hey wow don't take him away from that blob exactly i said it to you on snapchat i opened my snap thingies and i've heard from us like a daily mail or washington post of my man balling his eyes out and that shouldn't really be a comical thing in my opinion i mean if you see someone pulling their eyes out at a potential campaign everyone should stop and be like hang on what's wrong with my man it's actually okay people go look at kanye talk to yourself everyone thought i've cleaned everyone's feelings after that because i've got to be really careful and i also think i wish that i could be that person that comes away from twitter and logs off from that but unfortunately i'm being truthful with myself i like to a lot i don't read the newspaper i don't sit down and watch guys with the world which i mean but coming with that is all the other bs as well i feel like you don't know how to fix it right i mean well i just think it's it's that it's the social media platform's job to do that so i mean like it's not up to us to fix to fix the problems with twitter twitter should not i think i saw something the other day someone said was it troy deeney maybe and he was like twitter should only have people who have verified their actual existence as human races don't use all these little fake accounts of like little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and morty profile picture oh a little little union jack and your name is ed alfred and you know your real name's not you the alfred batman i know i know you've got that account friend i was just i didn't watch it yeah this this this is received racist abuse from a 12 or a 10 year old 12 years old 12 years old yeah yeah so obviously whenever zaha reportedly reported this account to the police he didn't know that a 12 year old is behind the account he just said you know look i've received and raises a piece on twitter or whatever it was and it came out later that the account was owned by a 12 year old and then troy deeney went on to say that shaq said that there should be a way of the social media platform protecting people which i mean you should have your full address your id your picture your to know that you're a real person none of the union jackie the alfred knight e4 it's not even it's not even like it's not even like have your address on the bio it's just like when you're applying for your thing make sure your address is there and then it's their information whether i don't exactly the tricky thing with with all that that stuff is that you know that like your data gets sold like from when you go on from when you go on twitter facebook instagram all your information gets sold to companies so they can advertise the right things to you ever you ever wondered why you talk about why you need a new frying pan and then frying pan adverts suddenly turn the ones in your thing it's scary no it's it's it's it's a dangerous game as well i just feel like the whole thing needs a massive massive revamping and like you say i love twitter i love twitter because it's where i like you i get my news it's where like i learn every what's going on in the world i don't really watch a lot of normal tv anyway instagram i could even to be honest instagram i kind of just look at stories and then like and even that's just a skim through anyway i don't really post too tough on instagram for me it's like twitter twitter's the thing for me like just because i like to chat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and just voice my opinion on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but you know i think i think social platforms were at their best when instagram videos were maximum allowed 10 seconds and twitter characters with maximum 160 that way you can't check too much yeah you can't post too much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah i mean i'm allowed to have that freedom in there when left club i slowed down yeah yeah well anyway um obviously i just wanted to say make sure that you mind your p's and q's on twitter if something upsets you you have to learn a way of moving past past it and not letting it um become something that blows up into something that of someone that you don't even really know like why do you want to supply think it through first if you do want to exactly if you don't talk to you that deep not i have to reply to think about what you're going to apply for yeah exactly exactly and like if it's someone like me and michael seeing it from fred we get it because we know fred as a person we know what fred's like so fred says something we know where he's coming from he doesn't have to clarify but you have to understand i think my that's what i learned the most from the issue of my friend was that you have to really make sure that you're if you're making an opinion that's a diplomatic opinion make sure that it comes off in a diplomatic way that's not it doesn't anyone's being attacked or anything like yeah it's just safety safety safety take care of yourself take care of your own mental health try not to let people people's opinions that don't concern you get to you and um yeah if you've got a boyfriend or a girlfriend um don't get only fans one last thing before we're out of here obviously we said we were gonna promote a uh uh black business um every episode or trying to as much as we can um the one we wanted to promote this time was uh sims cmos it's our friend simeon beckett he's he started his own company um michael i think you bought have you bought from him i placed an order to drop yeah so simscybor sells cmos which carries i believe 92 out of 94. something like vitamins and minerals it just contains bare minerals and vitamins the human body has naturally um so it's just topping up on that it can go in their milkshake it can go in a protein shake it can go it can't be like a gel form you can water it down you can make it so um like you know i just wanted anything to have a form yeah it's banging we'll bang a link in the description yeah yeah sims so make sure you're there all right people come to the con let's start again i don't know what i was going to say conclusion who am i okay guys we've come to the conclusion of our hypothesis today our hypotheses um we've gone through all right people man tvh podcast another another funny episode guys right that's what i'm saying oh man signing you know what time it is yes man big big big even bigger than big shaq aka django jr signing out we're unchanged we're out here big up yourselves yeah shout out to all the knit bags pick up the knit bags yes knit bags hey it's your boy michael we're out here man i know like i said before people comment below what you think your opinions uh subscribe comment hit the notification bell for ting and yeah if you know anyone that has the only friends or you have no new fans just sitting there thinking he's like racing you know they didn't even know what i've gone through yeah space peace and love

  Top Comments:
  1. @sjfoster12 [1 likes]: 55:45 this convo is absolute gold. ‘Blue ticks’ CANNOT be used as a tool to value/devalue a person’s opinion.
  2. @deegabbidon5384 [1 likes]: The pervs are there no matter what. If you already have a high profile and lots of followers and you can post the same pics on your insta, In your bikini or your feet and get money for them, why not !?

- Mom Started An OnlyFans Career - So I Joined Her | MY EXTRAORDINARY FAMILY: Kind: captions Language: en this is my daughter and we are both only fans models people will ask us for little videos of like of us together i live in this suburban bubble where if they could give me a scarlet letter i think they would mccarrans actually hate me their husbands are in my dms oftentimes we get comments from people saying i can't believe it you're pimping out your daughter with only fans what type of content do you guys make i guess you guys like two together how many sausages do you think we'll need um just one just one probably yeah hi my name is mrs robinson and my friends and family call me ginger i am also amber's mom i was a teacher in my 20s and then i worked as a software exec in the advertising industry i retired and then i became an online content creator i like your knives did i buy you these yes we are both only fans models so have you seen any tick tock trends we could do that aren't too like thirst trappy amber is the creative genius after school i moved to new york city to pursue my degree in musical theater and i auditioned probably four to five times a week i had a serving job i was a secretary at a dance studio and i was working in retail and i finally landed a cruise contract as a vocalist and we boarded our ship on march 14th 2020. what else do you need anything honey you can just hang out month all right cool even saying it makes me emotional this was my dream job coven ruined a lot of good things for a lot of people mmm smells really good amber thanks mom i was wildly depressed at first and then my mom started her only fans i had never seen her as happy as she was once she started that because she finally didn't care about what people thought and she had freedom to do what she wanted to do so my former marketing career was amazing i started the job so long ago that newspaper ads were the first thing i sold and of course the internet took over newspaper i ended up getting recruited by a really big company what made you quit your job and joined the adults industry it had become very cumbersome to be gone every week on a plane and traveling as a single mom and needing everyone's help to take care of my responsibilities at home and i didn't like the way that felt yay thank you you're welcome i was too young to be as burned out as i was and um retired and this fell on my lap and it was just history after that and the cow is crazy it was really crazy my mom and i do not do anything together professionally we don't film explicit content together we don't take explicit photos together it's important to us to maintain the boundary of we are colleagues but we're also mother and daughter i think i'm ready are you i have this one oh i like that do that i love this shirt and i haven't gotten a chance to wear it over it yeah okay i think this is what i'm gonna go with i love it you're gonna look so pretty thanks mom we're gonna look so pretty thank you i got it from my mama i got it from my mama we usually don't like to sit next to each other because we don't want to see each other screaming yeah i definitely don't want to see your screen and you definitely don't want to see mine most of our time is spent on our vip only fans pages because that's those are our fans that are paying to be there so they get us more dedicated than any other platform and we interact with them in the dms and just have conversations with them i live in this suburban bubble where think they would when she told me she wanted to join the industry um at first i was like oh no no no no i thought she was too young i felt like she has too much life ahead of her um to have that scarlet letter for you know lack of better terms i just thought it was it would be a rough road for her um and it hasn't been it's been anything but that and i've been her biggest supporter oftentimes we get comments from people saying i can't believe it you're pimping out your daughter and it's anything but that that's really insulting because i'm 26 years old she doesn't need to let me do anything i try not to engage i i don't read the comments anymore the rude ones it's just really frustrating when people say that we don't work because it's a job i work a lot more now than i did for my corporate job i'm in shock how much money you can make doing this i easily made well over six figures every month my best month was around four hundred thousand dollars and i think it's important to say too and this goes for both our fan bases they're really kind you know they're very kind people we should make that video for that we've been promising him no okay yeah okay hi what's up i am so sorry that we've been so delayed and getting you back your video we hope you're still okay with it and having a great day and a great summer yeah i hope it's not as hot there as it is here because it's really humid yes it's so humid here and it's friday so i hope you have lots of fun plans you're our favorite yeah and have a wonderful wonderful weekend we'll talk to you soon bye can you explain a little bit about it yeah so um people will ask us for little videos of like um of us together just kind of giving like a shout out like hey hello what's up he has been a fan since the very beginning and he's very generous and kind and sweet and i and i can speak for both of us having authentic conversations and relationships with our fans is of utmost importance to us you ready to make some tick tocks okay just tell me what i have to do ready yeah what do i do with my face oh i didn't i can't hear it i'm sorry she's so good at these [Music] i like that how long do you think you would continue this type of work um i mean personally i'm just gonna keep doing it because i have fun with it and um i'm slowly entering the creator space and less so the adult industries i just think this is the beginning of my career as a performer and a content creator which is what i always wanted anyway i'm no spring chicken but i think i'll continue as long as i'm capable of doing it because i am getting older and um i don't know i'm loving the content creator space and kind of moving away from the adult part of it it's just a mother who supports her daughter and what she does and a daughter who supports her mother and what she does i love her i support her i can lay my head down at night knowing i am being the best mom daughter friend and person that i'm capable of being you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sigmundjung936 [2 likes]: Karl Marx wasn't wrong about capitalism
  2. @Lancelot0311 [2 likes]: Disgusting women
  3. @Anything.with_me2026 [2 likes]: It is not content creation 😂 it is online prostitution 😂, what is going....
  4. @Bryan-w4v8o [1 likes]: The "LOST WORLD"
BUT, I'd still smash both.
I'm a man forgive me 😂
  5. @SiddarameshwarBiradar [1 likes]: Are they lesbian
  6. @Der_Hommel [1 likes]: Where dad?
  7. @DianaParker-te6py [1 likes]: Where are the bloody fathers!!
  8. @videosandstuff7328: Hubby/Daddy must be so proud. So proud. 😆
  9. @genemartinez2833: I’m more attracted to the mom. ❤
  10. @LorenzoJimenez: Wondering? Mrs. Robinson and Amber Blake (professional names) go all the way! And not only Onlyfans!
  11. @dax2321: you two are so nasty
  12. @modernlust8850: All their story translates to is "i didn't wanna work anymore"
  13. @Shannon-ij1pm: On another website I have seen Ginger in various stages of undress and she is gorgeous.  She truly shines in elegant lingerie.  Amber goes by Amber Blake in the adult industry.
  14. @thisisthecityboy: Her name is Mrs Robinson 😂😂, you can't make this up
  15. @sureshkadam3480: Live example if roots are not strong then the tree will fall in a small wind also
  16. @RAli-lk1bo: Suits you
  17. @Wristreveal: Smash
  18. @dmitrydagaev2750: I can't believe it, you p1mping out your daughter.
  19. @bustyindian6000: Names?
  20. @Sharmajay69: Career??

- Should She Be Pissed That Her Husband Is Subscribed To Multiple OnlyFans?!: Kind: captions Language: en found out that her husband is paying for multiple only fans subscriptions so should she be mad about it or not if you have a dilemma you want to hit us up go to thebertshow.com shoot us your email we'll read it on air try to give you our best advice and see if any show listeners can help you out as well Mo what's the email about today hey Bert Show hey back in April I accidentally found out a few things about my husband his phone was on the couch beside me and had lit up just on the lock screen where it has notifications I glanced there was an only fans email and I read it stop real quick Moe Cassie your significant other's phone is laying there and it lights up and there's a notification do you read it or do you not read it if if it lights up I can see what the tech a text message no I'm not going to go into reading the details I'm not reading nothing today no old me yes but today I'm not okay what it is I'm not reading whatever if you have the only fan subscription he better to be sharing that with me no I agree with that but I was just saying like regardless of what it is only fans are not if anything dings pops up notification on your significant other's phone and it's laying right next to you and you can glance over and read it do you ignore it or do you look at it and read it how do you ignore it like I literally walk up behind my husband and see he's texting something and I can't stop talking from Reading who it's like I don't care about the content I'll be like oh what is your sister saying today and I'll just ask him what he's talking about to us with his friends I don't go through his phone I would never but if it pops up and it's right in front of me I'm not going to read the text message but I'll be like oh why did your friend Simon text you listen it is so hard no no no no no listen listen [Laughter] when I was sitting in the middle seat on the plane right and you have two people and they're both on their phones it is so so hard not to glance over and see what they're doing it's hard it's not impossible it is impossible no it is not with you I will watch their movies I will read their books you've got a Kindle I need you to slow down a little bit it's hard to read it from this angle it seems like a dang but good book I will ask people I'm like what book are you reading it's really interesting you said what book were you reading that what the belief were you reading right yeah what book are you reading yeah it sounded like you said what the answer what book are you reading like if they're reading a candle or no book trust me book book no so the guy next to me was watching House of dragons and so I'm saving up and I haven't watched yet so when we landed I I I go so how's the dragons is it any good all right continue all right uh his phone was on the couch beside me had lit up just on the lock screen had his notifications I glanced yep there was an only fans email and I read it there were two his subscription was ending for a girl huh so I looked up her name on Google because that's really hard not to do as well right I know just curious and yeah I can see my husband being into her at the time I didn't know much about only fans so I decided to ask two guy friends for more information when I'm mad at first what I'm mad at first is that it's a subscription he had to pay for that especially when we're in financial disarray right now why can't he just go on PornHub like everybody else FairPoint then my husband sells stuff on eBay I went to find his listing and share with my friend when I saw my husband had a Twitter account which I found odd because in the past he was verbally made it clear how much he dislikes a lot of these social platforms Twitter was one of them so I clicked on it thinking well maybe it's from when we were in college my heart dropped when I saw a long list of only fans girls he follows retweets and God knows what else he's been doing this since at least 2018 according to Twitter you got married in 2015. had our first baby in 2017. I had endured some postpartum issues and anxiety during my childbearing years in this past year he has actually said things are great now needless to say I've kept all this to myself for months now knowing what he's doing she's kept this to herself for months that's impressive currently still doing it and knowing that he's been doing this for years what do I do how do I start a conversation about knowing that our lives are probably going to Forever change after this because I'm sorry but knowing he had to pay to see these girls and who knows what else is that not cheating I'm at a loss I'm pissed I try not to throw my eyes when he says he loves me every day we have two young kids struggles with depression now I can't even sympathize with him knowing what he's been doing probably with tear him apart when I tell him I know he's probably going to go off about how I probably spied on him why I even found out my trust in him is shot do I still love him yes I do but now only because he's the father of my children clearly I'm not the only one he wants in his life like he tells me God help me figure out what I need to do or more importantly say to then figure out our next steps I need a step-by-step guide truthfully I'm too afraid to say anything as our lives will probably change I'm hurt I'm sad thanks Bert Show Anonymous wife I am validating all of your feelings you feel betrayed I totally get that um especially now that he's like everything's things are great now and you're like awesome and then you you feel like well the reason why things are great is because he has these other outlets that he is using to fulfill certain needs in his life here's the thing you said that um you're afraid this is going to change things forever maybe it will for the better so I want to put that hope out there you have to let them know that you know you've been holding on to this for months and I would just use the example of like I went to your eBay to copy the link to share it and it was attached to a Twitter you said you didn't like Twitter and when I went there I just everything was right there in plain sight and the fact that you've been hiding all of this from me like we just need to get this all out in the open so we can have a discussion as to why you do this but more importantly why you feel you need to do this Cass man throwing in the postpartum depression in there that's really hard because that'll make you feel like a giant failure as a wife but it is I don't think it's cheating I think it is highly disrespectful though and I think it's a secret you shouldn't have and again validating you're allowed to be hurt I think the way to come at it though is what made him seek this out and what can you guys do in your relationship where he doesn't need to do this anymore and I think you can tell him that you're hurt um communication isn't important and the thing is it's already changed everything because now you have this secret and this information and it's going to eat away at you inside and it's so painful to be married to someone I can't even imagine have their child and then find out they're paying other women so that they can see them when you're there at home raising their kid being a part of their everyday and they're hiding this from you it feels dirty and it's something like you guys should do together or not at all yeah um I I commend her for being able to hold on to this for months I wouldn't have been able to hold on this for for a day um I actually do can see how she can consider it cheating not so much for the action but for the the fact that he's hiding it that's what the issue would really be with me if he didn't think it was a problem then there would be no need to hide it so the fact that he has been hiding it for so long um it would be a problem and if I were her I wouldn't worry about what the results would be because I wouldn't want to live the rest of my life having this and knowingness you know so you have to let this go you have to put it out there and you have to be honest about how you found out I would be it doesn't really matter it's irrelevant it's now we're here and yeah he has some things that he needs to answer to because I do feel like there's some Financial infidelity going on here for sure and that I mean especially if they if you know they are struggling financially you gotta talk about it and if you can you can continue to hold this in and kick this can down the road but the more you do that I think the worse it's gonna get so communication on the virtual The Bert Show like what you just watched where you can get a lot more a bird show for free on Apple Spotify or wherever you get your favorite podcast

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sketch89 [35 likes]: To me watching porn isn’t cheating, but if you’re paying and interacting with OnlyFans, then you’re teetering the fence. 🤷🏾‍♀️
  2. @tammyallen6014 [17 likes]: I'd be gone. If he wants to seek out all the parts of another woman that I hold sacred to him then he doesn't need me.
  3. @jnice6263 [13 likes]: If your paying to see chicks on only fans that's not cheating it's pathetic
  4. @Plooky1969 [10 likes]: Confrontation delayed = Conflict multiplied
  5. @mandyk9192 [9 likes]: I found out my ex husband had an onlyfans I let it go not completely understanding what it was. I thought it was a porn site I didn’t realize how personal it could get. That was my first big red flag. A month later celebrating our 10th anniversary a text came in from a woman he worked with and had nothing to do with work it was in regards to the affair they had been having. Turns out for the past ten years he was having multiple affairs up to 3 woman at a time. Even brought them into our home and played house while I took the kids to visit   Family (“he always had to work”). I’m not saying this is happening but it’s a red flag more than just watching porn.
  6. @lungashandu1555 [9 likes]: Straight up ask him if he has an Only Fans subscription and take it from there. If he admits to it, tell him how you feel about it honestly. If he lies, then there is more to unpack (hopefully in therapy)
  7. @n.c.4829 [7 likes]: What I've gathered from this segment is that this isn't a debate on whether or not porn should be acceptable in a marriage. That's not what her gripe is about. 

She's finding out things about her husband after years of marriage that paint him as a completely different person. She is hurt by his actions, and she's not wrong for being hurt. What he's doing is wrong, and it is harmful. 

Counseling may be a good approach for this couple. But liars are so hard to change. May God be with them, and lead them to the right decision and healing.
  8. @Rudy-oh9wc [7 likes]: Why does she make it seem like she is a victim? Or that porn is a negative indicator of their relationship?

It seems that she does not want to talk *WITH* him. She wants to talk *TO* him. She does not want to actually talk about their relationship, she wants to accuse him of wrongdoing.

While I agree, I do not think one "should" pay for porn. Just because there is so much free content. But that being said, I have no say whatsoever on what others spend their money on.

And if we are being honest, this show is huge on self autonomy even within marriage. So she also shouldn't have a say in how he spends his money, as he should not have a saying how she spends her money. (This is something that has been consistently hammered down in other segments)
  9. @kevincormier7417 [5 likes]: What they mean is "IT'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR WOMEN TO NOT LOOK"
  10. @AmandaB84 [4 likes]: It is cheating
  11. @Gwydionskinner [3 likes]: Cheating is anything you're keeping a secret from your partner - sex, no sex, online, in person, it doesn't matter. 

Cheating has nothing to do with sex, it's secrecy and compromising your integrity, your values and your word.
  12. @Jane-gh7er [2 likes]: Read it.
  13. @robindevily9182 [1 likes]: Was he on free trials tho
  14. @kaylacombs6254 [1 likes]: Paying for porn behind your wife's back is pathetic and would be an extreme turn off.
  15. @rachelortiz2295 [1 likes]: I think after you open up the communication and truth marriage counseling would be a great secondary action to take to work through this together.
  16. @laurancurtis5669 [1 likes]: Personally, I don't give 2 you-know-whats about notifications my husband gets on his phones.  (Yes, he has 2 - one is his personal one, the other is the company one.)  The reason I don't care?  I am not sharing specifics, let's just say it's something he did 17 years ago that broke my trust in him, and now we just coexist.
  17. @bosslogo6948 [1 likes]: Making a big deal over nothing. Why am I not surprised, probably because women will always make things seem like a bigger deal than what they actually are
  18. @lambchop6278: The more men who fall into this trap of purchasing sex work, the more reticent I am to bother with a long term relationship. AND, if i were to engage in  a short term relationship, it will only be with High Status men.

To my mind, low status men either should be sexually faithful or, if they aren't, well then they TRULY are low status men, to my mind. 

In other words, men who buy are inclined to buy sex work only put off monogamous women like me. And drive us towards being hypergamous. 

Since when did lower status men believe they had the right to have sex with many women?!!
  19. @Autumn_Sunrise: I was the one who didn’t read it for years. I stopped looking through his phone for many years. I felt I could trust him so much; that I really had no urge to look for a long time. 

Let me tell you, never deny your intuition. It’s very strong. 

Suddenly a text came through on husbands phone at 4am. I thought that was odd. Something told me to look. I sat there a few minutes thinking about it, and then grabbed the phone. 

It was a text message from an escort. After further looking I realized my husband had been contacting escorts for over a year before that date and was buying nudes from them and making plans to meet. I saw no red flags before this. We had sex every single day. We were adventurous and very much into each other. He still did this. He denied everything and stuck to the story he was hacked. 

I was reading past text messages and realized only a month earlier I told my best friend I was suspicious of my husband because he was acting weird with his phone. That he grabbed it from me one day when mine was dead and I needed to make a call. He would get nervous if I needed to use it for something. 

Almost a year later to this date, after thinking we got back on track, that intuition ramps up again and I find out he has a secret OnlyFans among other things. 

Trust your gut. Hiding things is never okay in a relationship nor is lying.
  20. @jnice6263: Or u can get some self confidence and do you

- How to collaborate with other users on OnlyFans PROPERLY - Filling out Consent forms: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys in this video I'm gonna show you guys how to properly collaborate with another Creator on oaf now I've heard things like oh you just have to tag the other person um this works in some cases but there's actually a new feature which I'm going to show you guys right here and they just have a release form on the actual application or on the website and with this you can find the tag of the creator that you're working with for example this is a girl I just collaborated with and we just had to do this process so right here you would click add to and depending on what you're posting whether it's a page post or a ppv message you have the option right here um add to new post or add to new message so this is a way that you can actually tag the other the other Creator um Sun release form so the other thing is if you just want to send that model that you worked with a release form or a model that your model is working with the release form they can sign it on DocuSign or something and go ahead and send it back also you can send out release forms through a link so right here depending on how many people are in the video one to ten ten might be a lot of people and then so right here you just click link refresh reference name you can put [Music] shoots from a studio shoot was with one person save release form link so right here you have your release form and all you have to do is send that out to the Creator that your model is working with and that way your content is good to go nothing's going to get taken down because I've seen this happen where they they really uh they get strict sometimes on certain pages from there they really start taking down that Page's content they really like keep an eye on that page once it's kind of uh you know violated this term however I have seen other Pages where all we do is Tag the other Creator and there's no release forms involved we don't operate like that anymore we like to do everything legit just so that we don't waste our time you know posting content that's gonna get deleted so it's better to be safe than sorry um yeah just make sure you're covered and you have everyone sign in paperwork and you should be good to go so let's go over the actual release form so in this example let's say say I am the model and this release form is coming from the other model that I collaborated with so the first name uh as you can see is going to be the model of the other content creator so right here this is the name of the girl I shot with right here is her username and the second column right here is again going to be their username down here this is where you're gonna put your information so your ID driver's license ID number all this and then at this bottom row is where you're gonna put your name and you're gonna sign it so it's very simple it could just be confusing if you haven't signed paperwork like this before but this is how you fill it out if you're collaborating with other users so I hope this video helped you guys out if you don't know who we are I'm bloomy this is Daniel and we're working on the channel right now to get you guys as much content as possible if you are only fans management company or a Creator yourself now we do actually have a course so we're constantly working on this course and if you're looking to scale your agency or your own only fans career up into the sixth and seven figure mark this is a great course for you to dive into we go over the basics along with Advanced scaling and marketing techniques and we're constantly updating it we're currently working on version 2.0 as you can see Daniel right here is doing so but while we're talking about it version 1.0 is on sale right now we're doing a holiday sale it's 99 and it's worth way more than that that's a little bit about us and if you're new to the channel go ahead and drop a like subscribe all that good stuff it really helps us out also drop some comments below if you have any questions for us if you have some topics that we can maybe touch on in the next video like I said we're busy working on the course right now but when we get some time I like to knock these little videos out and help you guys out give you guys as much knowledge as I can in my free time so I hope this video helped you out and stay tuned I'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @roguewave1060 [8 likes]: Lot's of confusing info, nothing clearly explained, lot's of handwaving, stupid music in the background. p.s. According to OF Guide ( can't paste the link unfortunately), you only need to tag: "If your co-star has a verified OF account then simply “tag” the OF account of your co-star in your content. This will automatically take care of the model release form."
  2. @gbaca07 [3 likes]: Noone can hear anything,  Can you turn off the music?
  3. @VegasDaniDee [2 likes]: I have to know how it is that all these home made vids of people hooking up from grndr and in the park or in a car etc with various people and strangers, you are telling me that all those random hookups provided I'd and signed releases? There's thousands if random hookups videos of random hookups so how is that working? It's a serious question!!
  4. @carltonation [1 likes]: how do i tag some one that doesnt have a OF but did content with me?
  5. @matthewj23 [1 likes]: Is it easy to find local collaborations on OF?
  6. @MOHAMED7astanak [1 likes]: aha! danny's doing GUNG BUNGS? lol!
  7. @ravens3rdeyetarot [1 likes]: Thank u so much!! I was legit about to post a collab when I had a notion to look into it a little bit deeper.. Thankfully I did because I had to idea  my content could get taken down!🙈🙏🏼💝
  8. @UTKGun-p7y: your music bothers
  9. @mattiepunk142: Can someone just tell me. Yes or No. Can you collab with someone who is not on OF? Because it says I can and then doesn't give me an option. What do I do?
  10. @Allflavorsnspices: What if the girl is NOT on onlyfans and dont want to make an account
  11. @fluffibunimadi: If I collaborate with someone who just has a fan account, and doesnt post content, can I still send them a form? or do they also need a creator account?
  12. @0liverae: If the release form has a checkmark, does that mean it's approved?
  13. @Unityframe: so does my GF also need a onlyfans account or can I just use the release form?
  14. @LucasGammer: whats is ID number ?
  15. @agalIam: get rid of the noise music  its annoying
  16. @lifewithkadisha: How am new to it can u help me out plz?
  17. @lautaroherrera8628: do you have group to do SFS?
  18. @decoy4151: Is there a reason why tagging is still a feature then? Is tagging generally safe for already verified users and release forms more for someone outside OF?
  19. @austonsteptoe7464: Bro I’ve been trying to colab with some girls but they are all bitches to me.
  20. @donttreadonme2835: So my wife just made a onlyfans and can't find out from them how to make a video with me in it without it being taken down. I signed the consent form paper and she took a pic of me with my license and sent in the form via website. What is she missing?

- OnlyFans Consent Forms | Do You REALLY Need a Onlyfans Release Forms?: Kind: captions Language: en only fans cons send forms do you need one for your page what is going on guys welcome back to my channel so today I going over something that I get so many questions on from my clients and the newbies that reach out to me on Instagram about how they fill out the consent form and if you actually really need to fill it out so before we get started make sure you subscribe down below there is so much content coming for you guys and if you are in need need of any type of promotional Services guaranteed fans Twitter growth Reddit growth reach out to me on Instagram my Instagram links are always in the video description down below along with a lot of my services so I can help you grow so let's jump into it now the biggest thing is that you do not need to fill out a consent form if you are going to be the only Creator on on your page this is something that the way that they set up the verification process now it's another option while you are registering your account that confuses a lot of people so I absolutely understand why you may be confused as to what are you supposed to be doing with this consent form where can I get my hands on it and then also how and why am I doing this so if you you are not going to be opening up your page with somebody else you do not need to fill this form out but for those that are going to be doing the page with someone else then you need a consent form on that page and that person needs to fill out those consent forms and then you would upload it so you're going to have to kind of do it the oldfashioned way guys where you're literally going to print out the consent form the person has to manually fill it out or you can you know fill it out PDF but they have to manually sign it and then hold a picture with their ID and that consent form just how you had to do the verification process to get approved on only fans this goes for the same thing because I was managing models for a little bit in the beginning I've been now in the only fan space for 5 years where it was my page but then I ended up onboarding some models onto my page so they had to do that as well so if you're an agency you absolutely have to do this if your models are not opening up their account specifically or if you are a let's say only fans promotional page and you are going to be having specific models actually giving you content as opposed to you just you know tagging someone for shout out for shout out so you have have to just make sure that whoever you're going to be doing content with you have to make sure that they fill out the consent form if they are not on only fans so let's say it's going to be your page but let's say your boyfriend's going to end up doing some content with you and they're going to appear on your page at some point or another they need to fill out that consent form and do exactly as I said another very big thing that a lot of clients reach out to me and they're you know just over it right is your quality of the images that you are uploading for your consent form verification it has to be good quality guys come on we're in 2025 right like your content needs to be good lighting it has to be centered it has to be focused if you submitting pictures that's horrible Lighting in a dark room and then you're wondering why you're getting denied I mean come on guys it's a little bit of a no-brainer and unfortunately I have so many clients that they'll send me like oh this is all the stuff because I do verification help not even just with consent forms but people who can't get verified on only fans I also have services for that to help you get verified but I will ask all of my clients okay send me everything that you have done so far the emails that you've gotten everything so I can decipher and a lot of the times it the pictures aren't that great of quality a lot of the times that's not the only reason why they weren't verified but it's just something that is so simple at this day and age with the digital world that we're in to keep your content of good lighting especially if you're getting verified or the consent forms to be approved so that is the main main thing so I'm going to go back again step by step what it is if you are a solo content creator and you are never going to have anyone else on your page you do not need to even worry about this part you're going to apply and verify your account just as it is if you are going to have a couple's page then the person that you are going to be doing content with has to fill out that consent form let's say you already have an only fans page but now you want to make content with someone else and they are not on only fans that person now needs to do the consent form and you need to register that into your account but if you are going to end up doing content with someone but they're another content creator that other content creator does not need to fill out a consent form because they are already verified on only fans so if you at some point or another are going to be doing content with another only fans content creator and they're already verified and on the platform all you have to do is tag them in the post that you are going to be posting on your account but you cannot make content with anybody that is not on only fans without being tagged or that is not like that is just completely new to the platform and you haven't done a consent form this put you at risk to get your account banned and on only bans if your account gets banned they do not reinstate your account you sometimes may get a warning and they will remove a post but the warning is them being nice but if you get completely banned from the platform you will never be able to open up an account ever again so make sure you are just following these simple things it takes you maybe an hour to print it out take pictures and send it to make sure that you are always just following the rules and guidelines so I really hope this video was helpful to just clarify everything for you guys again if you need any type of services to grow your only fans business reach out to me on Instagram that link is in the description down below until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fansly-OnlyFans-Fanvue [1 likes]: 👉MSG ME ON TELEGRAM: https://t.me/Onlyfanshelp888
✅ Onlyfans Cheatsheet Printable: https://shorturl.at/PBo7I
  2. @marcrobinson010: This was very helpful, thank you so much. ❤️❤️
  3. @Ragin.Official: Does the same featured person have to do a separate consent form for each separate piece of media?
  4. @chadspinalbosd007: Be aware that the invitation link sent to others populates the person's real name instead of a stage name, this is dangerous and OnlyFans has yet to fix this flaw
  5. @Bunny-e7h: So I’m having an issue with my OF and I was hoping you could help me understand. Can I message you?
  6. @PatricioSalinas-u6g: What if I only show the feet of another person and not her face, do I still need this form submitted?
  7. @Mona-v1h5v: Thank you for this information! Brand new, and don't know where to get the consent forms. I've subscribed and appreciate all your guidance. I'm interested in getting information about your course, please.
  8. @randy7418: We verified as a couple. We were approved as a couple. Both ids and both of us holding them. I thought we were good to to post content together. We can post individual pics and vids of ourselves but not together. We're confused. It seems like we still need to fill out a release form. Please help.
  9. @axolotlandchill: Hey Roula,
I really need to share something frustrating. I was planning to post content on my OF with my partner he’s Russian but OF doesn’t let me because of his passport. It’s nothing about payments, I’d receive them, but the system just blocks him from verification because he’s Russian. It honestly feels unfair and kind of discriminatory.
I can even forward you the emails from OF if you’d like to see. Just wanted to share because I know you help a lot of creators and maybe you’ve seen this before.
Thanks for listening
  10. @pilekuki9920: It keeps being rejected because of "missing information" but they don't say WHAT is missing!! We gave up
  11. @jamiesmith1154: Where do you find the consent forms to print?
  12. @MikePedragosa: isn't there a link you can click, tag the other creator, and do everything electronically?
  13. @SamanthaHanlon: Do you do services as far as how to set up taxes with it? I’ve had an account before and didn’t know anything about them and ended up paying so much but I want to make another
  14. @PaolaKnows: Hey thanks for the info . I have tried to upload the consent form for my bf he filled it out but they keep failing it can you please help me why ?

- How to Find Someone on Onlyfans without Username (2025): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to find someone on only fans without username so please watch the video Until the End and follow this tutorial step by step to avoid making mistakes so let's get started so the first thing we want to do is to go open up our web browser and simply go to onlyfans.com make sure to log in into your account to access their homepage and their search feed feature so what you want to take note is that it is hard to find someone on only fense without having their their username so what we can do if we don't have their username is to Simply search for their name and thoroughly research every accounts and make sure that you have the right account so let's just tap on the search icon and for example let's just type this name and you will see bunch of different accounts so if you are finding a specific person you just want to type or in the search bar uh the name that you know or the name that they have told you and simply look for them on the accounts that will pop up so that's it so if you find this video helpful please hit like And subscribe thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @glenn9229 [5 likes]: all you did was show how to find someone WITH a name.....you might want to re-read your title. Waste of time
  2. @ThePDaddy [2 likes]: Useless

- How To Find Out If Someone Has An OnlyFans Account: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys and welcome back to our channel so for today's video I'm going to teach you the different ways on how to find out if someone has an only fans account basically only fans is a subscription-based media sharing platform it allows users to view content from creators by paying their monthly subscription fee or by purchasing certain content the content posted on only fans varies from user to user but most creators post mature and explicit content because obviously brings more viewers and more money but why would a person want to know if someone has an only fans account well there are several reasons for that and here are the most common ones first only fans is full of sexual content it could be dangerous if you have an underage kid who is snooping within the platform also secretly viewing this type of content is considered microcheating in a relationship and it could eventually evolve into serious infidelity third like I said you have to pay to view something on only fans and research has shown that the platform has been the cause of multiple Financial issues for individuals if you are a parent spouse or someone who is concerned for a person's well-being then the thought of checking if they have an only fans account might have crossed your mind well good for you because that's exactly what we are going to talk about in this video before we start I recommend that you create an account on only fans since most of the solutions I will mention later on will require it let's get started the most common way to know if someone is on only fans is to look for their accounts on the platform all you need to do is hit the search button and type in their names now you need to remember that there are a lot of identical usernames on the platform you might need to check a couple of accounts before you find what you're looking for also this method will only work if your target use their names on their accounts to gain more followers some people promote their accounts on other platforms your target might have linked or posted their only fans account on their insta Twitter or Facebook this will be your chance to know if they really have an only fans account you can go to their feeds or profiles and see if you can find a link click on it and see if the it redirects you to only fans if it did you can check the account to know if it's theirs if you can't find a link on their social accounts then you can check out the other Solutions if only fans and their other accounts can't give you an answer well you can turn to third-party search engine tools some sites specialize in finding only fans accounts with the use of the target's email location and other information two of the most popular sites are only finder and social catfish only finder can find a certain account by just entering their location name or any keyword that you think is affiliated with your target account social catfish on the other hand can find an account with just the Target's phone number email address image and their name compared to only finder this one provides more search options and can give more information about a certain person now both of these sites are not affiliated and owned by only fans so the results might not be as accurate as you expect if you want to try them out the links are in the description box below although the first threeways are easy they don't always give reliable results don't worry there is always a better solution to all problems and when it comes to knowing if someone has an only fans account this next solution might be your best chance mpy is a phone monitoring tool that will allow you to remotely access someone's phone activity and information with mpy you will be able to see all the apps installed on their phones if you see only fans on the list then there's a huge chance that they have a secret account account if they didn't install the app perhaps they visited the website directly thankfully mpy also has a solution for that this tool can give access to your Target's browsing history you can even see how many times a certain site was visited how cool is that if you want to take it further you may also use mpy key logger feature this will allow you to see the targets typing history if they have recently logged into their only fans account and typed their username and password key logger will record that and you will be able to see their credentials and login to their account to use mpy you first need to create an account to do so click the link on the description box after that mpy will send you the complete details on how to install the app on the target device and when it's done you can start monitoring their activities wait a minute mpy is more than just an on fans Checker tool this amazing program can also access chats email and text messages open and download saved videos and pictures C call history and contact list track locations block sites apps and Wi-Fi networks and more if you want to further protect the people you love then you should definitely try M spy whatever solution worked for you it's important to remember that you must use them fairly don't use the solutions we mentioned to violate someone's privacy and personal information if you find this video helpful please give us a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to get more amazing content like this one that's it for this video and see you in the next one ciao

- How I Made $200,000+ on OnlyFans WITHOUT Showing EVERYTHING: My BIGGEST TIPS, Advice, Hacks + MORE!: Kind: captions Language: en guess who's back welcome back to my channel Luna you have no idea how exciting this is only fans content 2023 let's go no the title isn't click bait or scam back in January 2020 I started my only fans account on a whim with no idea what was about to explode but my life very quickly changed and I found myself being a top zero percent Creator on the only fans platform this success didn't happen overnight but with consistency I soon began to make about 15K monthly on the platform with a grand total of over two hundred thousand dollars made within the last two to three years part of me has no idea how this even happened and the other part of me understands it was a combination of a lot but broken down into my best tips here's how I think I did it foreign [Music] welcome back I am so excited to be making this video This is my first only fans related like dedicated video since December 2021 I think I took a very long break and I'm sure many of you are familiar so I won't spend too much time talking about that but I'm so excited to be back and talking more about updated only fans advice tips and my progress with you so much has changed we have so many updates to get through and I want to hear about your updates as well because I do keep up with like comments of people that are also doing only fans and I'm sure that the last update you gave me in 2020 or 2021 may not reflect what's going on now so if you're still doing only fans if it's progressed if you took a break if you stopped like let me know I'd love to hear it and of course all comment sections on my only fans related videos feel free to plug your link your info this is a great way to promote not on all of my videos please but anything only fans you are more than welcome to leave your info down below I'm also going to be doing an updated only fans q a so if you have any questions relevant to only fans today or questions I never answered in my previous only fans videos please leave those down below as well I'll be gathering those for a q a soon so subscribe so you don't miss that I also will be asking I think on Instagram so please make sure that you're following me on Instagram and watching those stories so you do not miss your opportunity to send in a question for a video but I figured for my first video back I would do kind of a big overview of just hey here's how much I've made this is how I did it here are the best of the best tips that I have for how you can achieve and earn a lot of money on only fans as well and we're just gonna be really chill on the couch today it feels weird not filming one of these in my home office that I used to film every single one in back in my apartment something that only fans gave me that I'm grateful for is this house and I have not filmed a lot of only fans videos in here yet so I don't know the best space But I wanted it to feel very chill and look at ketchup so we're on the Couch today I made a huge note of my biggest tips for only fans broken down into like 10 bullet notes and we're just gonna go through them all hopefully these don't sound too repetitive but I am compiling my best advice into one video so some of them may overlap with some older videos but keep in mind that you know it's a new era now social media is very different only fans has changed a lot so these are the pieces of advice that I think have outlived the changes in algorithm in Trends in social media and what I still believe will take you very far in success on the platform everything that I've written down in preparation for this video is based off of an article that I actually wrote on medium about how I earned two hundred thousand dollars on the platform I'm going to link that article down below I'm trying to grow my medium and I'm making a video on how to earn money on medium as well so please follow my medium account check out the article subscribe to me over on there it would mean a lot because I'm also my cats it would mean a lot because I'm planning on writing a lot of articles about only fans on that platform so if you prefer to read rather than watch you the first thing I need to say though is you do not need to show everything to be on only fans will it change how much money you make potentially could you make more if you did maybe but being comfortable with what you're posting and creating boundaries for yourself that don't make you uncomfortable that is what's most important and everyone will have different boundaries everyone will feel comfortable with different things and that's okay and that's what makes only fans such a diverse platform every single Creator is posting something different that they prefer to make I will admit that my boundaries have expanded since when I first started it if you watch those first videos I did have specific boundaries with myself and over time naturally those have expanded I still have my comfort zone and my own boundaries but I'm a lot more comfortable with things that younger me might have been iffy about but now I think I just realize it's not a big deal and as long as I'm okay with it that's all that matters but I still do not consider myself as someone on the platform that shows everything so like I've referred to this before as noodles on older videos just to remain within guidelines but we all know new noodles the good stuff um there are so many different kinds and to me like everything implies everything I don't know it's such a weird thing to try to explain but I just like to say that as long as you have boundaries and are comfortable with what you're posting you're good there are still some requests outside of my comfort zone that I'm not okay with but there are also a lot within my comfort zone that I'm completely fine with follow my only fans to see more but I just wanted to make sure to cover that with the title because I don't want anyone to think that you have to show specific things in order to be successful you can show whatever the heck you want the most important thing is that you're comfortable and you have boundaries for yourself and you don't feel like you've let yourself down or that you're doing anything that you are uncomfortable with because you should never feel pressured on the platform there is so much to cover it would be impossible to get through it all within this first video but I'm gonna do my best and as always please sign up for only fans using my referral link down below subscribe to my only fans page if you're curious going off of that though my only fans page is just my name Michaela country sort of linked down below if you want to sign up for and only fans page please use my referral sign up link down below I still offer shout outs on my only fans page you can DM me on Instagram or Twitter for this and if you're looking for more one-on-one help I do offer Zoom consultations it's a 30 minute session you and me going over whatever you want just to help you on your own page reach out to me on Instagram or Twitter for that as well the last thing that I really need to update you guys on is that I've released new merch if you have been watching these videos you know the base of this whole journey has been if you've got it monetize it if you got it monetize it really got me through 2020 it got me to where I am today the whole concept of that that I came up with is focusing on what you are good at what your talents are and figuring out a way to monetize it if you're talented with music there are ways to monetize that if you're talented with like DIYs crafting there's ways to monetize that if you are a intuitive card reader you can monetize it whatever it is that you've got nobody else has that specific tool or Talent so figuring out how to monetize it is key the last merch drop of it was in 2020 but you know a lot has changed and I figured it was time for a fresh look it's so fresh that mine haven't even arrived yet I literally just created and dropped these but it's a lot more of a cleaner minimal simple look my old merch is made from the same material so I know that these are so cozy but definitely a time for a fresh start it would mean the world to me so please check out my merch go buy yourself a soft crew neck or hoodie I also do have a discount code for you if you use the code only fans you'll get 10 off so check out the new merch very exciting merch drop it just feels right now with all that being said it would take days to cover like everything that I have so I'm going to do my best in this first video just to focus on the bigger ideas I have the rest of the year really to break it all down but it just feels like a time to start fresh with this first video back and do a video on like my biggest tips on how to earn money on on the platform so I've broken it down into 10 tips here we go number one set yourself up for Success the foundation is so crucial don't be afraid to take time to do the little things in fact it's important that you do make sure that you have a clear profile picture and a good cover photo that shows the type of content that you post these are two sellers because it's the only visual content that people can see before they subscribe to your page so if they're immediately turned off by it or just not interested like people are literally judging a book by its cover here and that first impression matters but if your profile picture or cover photo makes them want to see more that's the idea I should also say here like do as I say not as I do because I know some of these don't reflect my own page but I've kind of taken a step back because I'm here to help you and I could also listen to my own advice but I just feel like my page because of the platform that has grown here it's fine but if you're looking to like really set yourself up for success or things that I did in the beginning this is it right out that thorough bio including information about you not too much though like privacy for sure don't tell them like where you live even how old you are I think is sometimes too much unless it's part of your brand because I know some people will put like 18 or 19 because it'll help them get fans but more so like what type of content you post how often you post what you're into services that you offer any deals that you have like that type of information is really helpful I also recommend hiding your fan count because that will always be subjective to who's looking at it but keeping your likes public and you're also able to like your own posts but we'll get into that in a little bit now look at your profile as if it is not your own page and ask yourself would I subscribe to this page if the answer is no figure out why and fix it number two create new accounts now this isn't something that I did in the beginning but if I were to create a second only fans page or do it again I would definitely follow this technique because social media media platforms are not that friendly when it comes to only fans links and integrating only fans into your personal social media accounts puts everything at risk if you lose your Instagram that's connected to Facebook if you promote on like a dating app it's deleted I lost my Snapchat account the first night that I created only fans and to this day I miss it sometimes because I just stopped using SnapChat it was too much I lost everything it was just too hard not the biggest deal but if you want to protect your personal social media as well as your privacy and personal life do not promote your only fans on it create a new account treat this like a new business one with its own separate social media accounts like I mentioned most social media platforms don't really like only fans but if they do delete your account at least it's the separate only fans page and not your personal one this can also help create a separate like work and personal life while spending time online create a new Instagram Twitter Tick Tock twitch Reddit Etc to promote your only fans on make sure it has your only fans info your username handle a link tree some websites are more friendly than others like on Reddit and Twitter you can do the only fans like Instagram use linktree it's just better to be careful too so if you want to stick to link tree or just the tagged at handle that could work as well just make sure that it has your only fans link info and some only fans photos on it to help promote your page but creating separate accounts now I think is crucial number three be consistent nothing happens overnight success takes determination motivation perseverance grit and so many other factors to make it happen as you can see from my earnings listed it took a while before I started making 10K a month but consistency helps keep your page relevant which will attract people to your page and consistency helps keep your fans active and subscribe to your page for longer than just one month as well you can't make an only fans page and expect to make thousands that first month it will take time it will take dedication it will take you staying with it for a long time and then being proud of like the success I've had so many DMS of people complaining because they've only made a couple hundred dollars but that's a couple hundred dollars that you didn't have before and if your attitude toward money is that negative not everyone will believe this but I do if your attitude toward money is negative it won't attract more the universe listens and if you have a blockage there and you have a negative attitude toward that energy the frequency the energy it's not going to align with the frequency of money so how could you earn more if you're not even grateful for the money that you received but going off of being consistent my fourth tip is to promote every day everywhere the only way to grow your page is by promoting your page this can prove to be so tricky and I think it's one of the biggest challenges with an only fans account if you don't have a following already a lot of people complain that the only reason I made money is because of my following but I only have a follow following because I made these videos so when I first started my only fans account I was literally just like you I had a very small YouTube channel it brought in a couple of fans but I put in the hard work I didn't have this following like this came after slash because of it there is no right or wrong way to promote your page and every platform will work differently for everyone so something that worked really well for one Creator might not work for you but that's why it's important to promote on everything as often as you can to figure out which like fishing lines you're getting bites from and then using that platform that's most successful more often to bring in more fans I personally think Twitter is awesome because they're so friendly with only fans and you can post more explicit content there to promote your page Reddit is great if you can get one of your posts to kind of be seen a lot that helps with promotion and your target audience is probably on Reddit not going to lie Instagram can work really well if you create a brand for yourself on there but it can be tricky if you're just starting out out because you have to build up Instagram at the same time that you're building up only fans but again perseverance consistency posting and promoting every single day number five I've kind of touched on this a little bit but find your Niche find what works best for you find your brand this is so important like what type of content are you going to make everyone is in the different categories I've received requests from a wide range form of content but if you can master your Niche I guarantee you will make a lot number six oh my gosh I wish I knew this one sooner send out Mass DMs I think I was like five six months into my journey on only fans before discovering this and I realized I had lost the opportunity to make so much more had I done this in the beginning so only fans gives you the option to send out a mass DM to all of your fans at the same time before this I would just post a preview pick and tell them to DM me if they want to see more but that is more of a passive approach active approach would be sending them the message with the photos already hiding behind a price lock so you take all the content you send it in a mass DM to everyone you have a price attached to it and they unlock it to view use one photo or a censored version post it on your feed to promote it tell them that the full bundle the full pick whatever is in their DM waiting for them to open it this will help fans open it especially fans that wouldn't be actively like reaching out to you being like hey can I see that picture that you said to DM you about it just helps this is the biggest difference and it truly doubles earnings I swear going off of this number seven create bundles there are two types of bundles that I'm referring to subscription bundles and photo bundles subscription bundles only fans allows you to create these bundles of memberships where instead of subscribing for one month you can subscribe for three or six months up front at once to save 10 15 you choose in the settings please do this set it up on your page even if you're skeptical that someone will do this it's great to have as an option up there because I've had it up there for years and two times people have done it and it helped because you get a lot of money at once it's also a sign that a fan likes your account and is sticking around for a long time because they enjoy what you're posting now photo bundles I also recommend instead of trying to sell one photo for 30 bucks take three sell it as a bundle and sell that for 30 bucks like you know the style of how most people take photos now it used to be like okay one two three except now when we say can you take a photo for me or if you're taking a photo it's like click click click click click click click and then hoping that you get one good one so do this with only fans photos create a bundle of similar photos slightly different it's like a carousel on Instagram when like girls post two photos and they look so similar but her hand is like slightly different I'm guilty of this too like I'm just bringing up how it can be like the same photo shoot bundle but instead of choosing one to sell at a time fans feel like they're getting more for their money which they are when you sell them as a bundle and if a fan sees that there are 10 photos in there rather than two for the same price they're more likely to purchase it so bundles are your best friend here number eight I touched on this a little bit but like your own posts this isn't like Instagram or Facebook it's not weird to do this and it helps your page improve and increase the light count that again like I mentioned earlier is visible at the top of your page so let's say you have 30 posts and like 40 likes 40 likes is visible right now you go back and you like all of your posts and your light count increased from 40 to 70 and if you get one more fan and they like 30 posts that brings you up to 100 likes which you helped get there by 30 does that make sense it just improves the light count it makes it look higher especially when you're starting your own page out and you post like your first 10 photos and you're just waiting to get fans a potential subscriber might come to your page but see that you have zero likes and feel skeptical because no one has liked your posts it has nothing to do with what the posts are but it might make them not as likely to subscribe whereas if they clicked on the link and saw that you're a new page and you already have 10 likes they're gonna try it out more the point here is that you want that number to be as high as possible number nine don't forget listen to and engage with your audience they're the whole reason why you're making money they're the whole reason why your page is working like they're subscribed to you without an audience you don't have an income simple as that so say thank you be polite ask what they want to see ask how they're doing and create that relationship that makes fans feel special in their own specific way if fans are telling you the price is too high modify it give them a discount if a fan requests content consider it if you're comfortable with it and if it doesn't go outside of your boundaries that you've made for yourself make that content specifically for that fan that asked it's really important to earn trust with your audience and this helps them stay subscribed now the last tip that I have in this video is make your own opportunities never let judgment or fear get in the way of your success there are a lot of opinions about only fans but at the end of the day do what is best for you and your situation I firmly believe in any situation or decision that you're doing as long as you're not hurting yourself or others then who cares if I let fear control my situation or the Judgment of those that didn't approve with what I was doing I would not be where I am today like not even close just sitting on this couch in this living room at 2PM on a Wednesday I'm always grateful for that and I know that I only have only fans and you that watch my videos to think and I also know that it is so possible for YouTube because years ago I was watching girls that did this on YouTube before I started thinking wow that's crazy and that's what made me start so I know from the other side of the mirror that this can be you as well it seems impossible I know but I am here to tell you that it's not I firmly believe this I believe in you you got this over these last three years those are the biggest tips that I have broken down if you're ready to start the journey sign up now using my link let me know any questions for that only fans video down below check out my merch to get amped about you know monetizing what you've got again the merch doesn't have to reflect only fans I have friends that bought the merch that run Etsy shops or build Furniture it really is just monetizing your own skill and being successful with that but I hope you liked the first video back I tried really hard to kind of fill as much information in here as possible I want to do a full video on like promoting in 2023 and how the algorithm has changed how I would do things differently this year versus 2020 so a lot of only fans content is in the works and will come soon please subscribe I'll link the full only fans playlist down below check it out even if you think you've watched them all make sure you haven't missed a video I hope you're as excited as I am to be back this is this is the best feeling shoot me a DM if you want to do a shout out or a zoom meeting and I'll see you real soon with my next video bye [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [51 likes]: Don’t forget!! if you're planning to sign up, please use my link!! https://onlyfans.com/?ref=18779765 thanks for watching! 🤍
  2. @kadijakallon2533 [1 likes]: Loved it @monifamcqueen
  3. @Ghostietapsasmr [1 likes]: These tips are helpful!
  4. @Angel_youtube120 [1 likes]: Thank youuuu ❤
  5. @incognito8448 [1 likes]: Prostitution is prostitution whether its  hands on ,video, retail or  membership ... whether it marks your soul or not is how you lie to yourself to sleep well at the end of the day
  6. @samanthaoary518: Just started mine a few days ago💕☺️ @yourgoodgirllx
  7. @SeleneMerlot: 11:07 I'd even add; Have a different phone for that business. And personally my spicy persona helps me explore that world and remain myself.
  8. @SeleneMerlot: I love how you mention that the most important part is to find your personal zone with what you want to show. Onlyfans greatest quality is giving the power to the creator instead of a producer giving options for people to achieve a kind of freedom never heard of in the SW industry before
  9. @sonicmax7: My OF doesn't make much i can only make enough for rent and bills
  10. @kellimccann1846: Definitely super excited to start my journey  I’m definitely a GILF and would love help to get started
  11. @joshuadakin4247: Hit me up trying to start an only fans
  12. @Itsryleygaffey: Thanks for helping me
  13. @irachoi8944: I started a few months ago but don’t really have ways to promote, i’m also a biker with a bike-insta, but i have family members that follow me so i’ve been trying to do everything subtly, also not very consistently, i have moments where things go well, but then life gets in the way and i lose focus, 

I had an accident a few weeks back, lost my job the day after, had a concussion, had to take care of my mom who’s dealing with hernia pains

I want to do this shit
I wanna go for it, i want to be financially independent, i want to LIVE man
  14. @briandaestala5139: Tu_mamabri
  15. @brooklynblack6503: find me anywhere my user is bunnyholezz 🥰
  16. @theinfamouspropagandalf: Damn seems it's so much easier for real girls on OF. I have an AI girl on a similar site. After 2 years it's up to about 2k per month but nothing like those OF numbers. Even with over 200k instagram followers.
  17. @palmtoptiger421: How do you deal with leaks?
  18. @MissEvaRose021: Started my journey last year 
Took me 4 months before I started getting some sort of income 
I am faceless on my content 
But I am wanting to change the narrative of my page 
Was led to believe I should only do xxx but now I want to venture into more hobbies showcasing my life etc 

Do you recommend that?
  19. @kittykattzz01: Tips Start at 8:28
  20. @bilhajepyegon: Created mine today am totally confused, I need a guider

- "Trans-Racial" Man Wants To Cancel Anime: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys rev here so today we're going to go over another example of a grifter demonizing anime in an attempt to smear their political opponents now this isn't anything new this is becoming an increasingly popular tactic but today's example involves an individual who is so deranged that you will probably have your jaw hit the ground when we talk about this person's background but first a reminder that this is a flash sale this weekend for advanced GG if you use my code rev says 30 get 30 off your entire purchase order now again if we end up with the most referral code usage we will get a custom Shaker with art featuring my character so this is a great opportunity if you want to try this out while also supporting this channel but now on to the main story for today we're going to be looking at this tweet made by none other than Ali London now you either heard that name and felt nothing because you don't know who he is or you had a flashbang of cringe because you know who Ali London is and and we will talk about him shortly but recently Ali has been LARPing as a sort of conservative figurehead trying to appeal to that sort of crowd and in his attempt he is trying to attack this transgender woman who is involved in the Montana political scene and he makes this absolute uh Banger of a tweet saying Montana transgender rep Zoe Zephyr exposed for shocking past this is my ideal relationship with a man one where I'm riding him and also ready to end his life the old tweet was accompanied with a Lolita anime cartoon typically a form of sexual anime where miners are depicted engaging in Intercourse and yes there's the damning and shocking evidence down there now we will go through all this and point out about the 10 different lies that are contained in this tweet don't you worry but first I want to focus is on Ali London okay to give you guys a taste of who this man is so like I said he's on a conservative grip these days trying to appeal to conservative people and unfortunately for him if they knew anything about him they would be reviled by him okay this is the same man who has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in surgery to try to look like BTS member jimin he is also the same person who coined the phrase trans-racial Because he believes as a result of his surgeries he has transitioned from a British white man to a Korean man yes that sounds like some sort of a creepy pasta or something like that but it is entirely true and the good thing for us for our viewing pleasure is that Ali London's descent into koreaboo madness is a very well documented thing because a lot of channels pick this up and feature him as he spent more and more money on plastic surgery to look like his the love of his life jimin from BTS now we're going to look at a couple of Clips to just get a sense of who he is before we go over this tweet we're looking at now so this is just one of many videos documenting uh Ali London's surgery progress and I'm going to spare you the details of looking at the the gross surgery footage and those things we're just going to look at kind of his perspective on who he is and who he wants to be with his life because it is truly radical I want to do it like a K-pop Star I want my entire look to look like jimin is honestly my my K-pop Idol yeah thank you second hand cringe I'm getting secondhand cringe and this is coming from a guy using an anime girl as a a V2 remodel but for real it is it's tough okay it's a tough watch I'm BTS debuted in 2013 and I was actually living in Korea at the time I was just amazed by all of them they were perfect jimin is the lead vocalist this is his current hairstyle at the moment that's why I'm gonna replicate it I want to be him but I also have a crush on him like to be honest all Kpop stars are so beautiful that is like the Zenith of narcissism not only does he want to look like jimin he also is in love with him so he's in love with the appearance that he wants to be talk about self-love am I right but uh yeah his obsession with jimin goes to a whole other level spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to replicate his look even matching his current hairstyles and things like that like I'm pretty sure at this point I don't think jimin knows who he is but if he did know who Ali London is I'm sure there is a restraining order in place because this man is completely unhinged and uh yeah I've always wondered how K-pop stands feel about Ollie London do they do they like revile him for like trying to uh jump in on their culture and mimic it or are they just like impressed by his levels of dedication I don't know K-pop stands are crazy and uh even me just saying that I'm probably gonna have like 10 pipe bombs in my mailbox by the morning but uh you know I don't worry K-pop stands I'm big I'm big in the K-pop scene I'm I'm uh I got all the k-pops I'm I'm big into it but uh this is when things really got crazy so this is a little bit longer down the line he's had more and more surgeries but this is the iconic transition as he identifies as a Korean man now let's have a look I identify as Korean people need to accept the fact I do look like Germaine I'm pretty much identical to Germaine no no no no no no no no no no no no I'm pretty much identical identical they're pretty much identical I'm seeing two of the same image right here okay Ollie London I if you're listening to this this is uh from the bottom of my heart I say this you will never be jimin okay you will never be jimin you'll just be some crazy obsessed person who is fetishized Korean people so much to the point where you have sunk hundreds of thousands of dollars into looking like some Frankenstein abomination of a man who's had so much plastic surgery he will never feel his face again you will never be jimin and jimin is probably terrified of you but yeah hope that's a little bit of a wake-up call but that is Ali London that is the person we are dealing with here and yeah the uh trans racial man who wants to make himself appear as a K-pop Stan who is a K-pop person who probably doesn't even know he exists crazy off but let's get back into the uh the main business of this video okay so it was very impressive that Ollie was able to squeeze out about five different factually wrong statements into a single tweet but let's go through it now okay so he's using this image and the accompanied uh tweet and response here to frame this transgender woman is some kind of a vile freak and by virtue of the choice of words down here that there's some sort of a predator enjoying underage miners doing sexual things okay so number one looking at this image these are not lollies okay these are gentian impact characters that are all adults and honestly there's not even anything really that sexual about this imagery in the first place the fact that I'm not censoring it is a pretty good indicator because I censor pretty much anything that might get me dinged by the bot system and even I feel like this is fine because there's there's nothing going on here right but going to the actual words of the Tweet let's let's start with this small two lines of text that are literally like the most dense with misinformation you'll ever see so beginning with the old tweet was so right off the bat anime cartoon is a bit of a contradiction those those two things are separate but the use of Lolita Lolita is a fashion of course they are trying to say Lolly they don't know the difference between Lolita and Lolly which is uh not surprising because normally on Twitter people don't know the difference between Lolly and lollycon but uh I guess we're digressing even further now we're confusing Wally with Lolita and it's it's just a mess but right off the bat again like I said not Wally's they're not lollies at all and it says it is a form of sexual anime not true if you're talking about just Lolly right like they're trying to say Lolly is not sexual it's just a body type from anime Wally Khan is sexual of course it's a it's a porn fetish but Lolly itself is just a character type it's a body type that characters have that's it like there's nothing inherently sexual about it and then he goes on to say that they're minors depicted and engaging in Intercourse which of course that's not the definition definition of Lolly but also this doesn't fit down here because these are not Miners and they're not even engaging in Intercourse like it's so mind-boggling to just make all this stuff up when it's right in front of you the image is right in front of you no one's going to buy this it's it's crazy but the thing is like also I don't want to get like hung up on uh you know terms here but like minor there's no such thing as a minor that is a fictional character right like to be a minor by definition it has to be a human being like it has to be a living breathing human being to be considered a minor by all definition like you can have underage characters but there's no existing minor when it comes to fictional content because they're not real they don't meet the criteria to be a human minor because they're not real right but this is just an absolutely crazy thing and like the fact that this still gets 2 000 likes shows you that there is a grift out there that is pathetic enough to convince people that this is actually exposing anyone if anything exposed to this person is pretty based if anything you know it's it's great to see some politicians into uh some some anime stuff and uh you know really crazy that Ali of all people is trying to attack people and say please be normal when he has his own skeletons in his closet but going off of that there was a reply again 700 likes on this from our verified Broski over here Cody saying 95 of trans activists on Twitter have anime profile pictures there has to be a direct correlation maybe Matt Walsh was right about anime being demonic and Ollie replies by saying yes there is definitely something weird about it all yes Ali the the the decider of what is weird or not but nonetheless this statement is completely and utterly insane 95 of trans activists on Twitter have anime profile pictures I think I'm gonna need a source on that bro because I'm pretty sure you just pulled that out of your ass that makes no sense at all have you ever considered the fact that people wear anime profile pictures because they like anime is is that ever dawned on you it's not like a trans thing for some reason that narrative's being pushed by a lot of people recently that liking anime is a indication you might be trans it's absolutely insane but 95 of trans activists honestly the trans activists I've seen on Twitter the the typical type of ones that would be featured in my videos they hate anime in fact they will use it to demonize you just like Ollie is right it's it's the Horseshoe Theory it's the same side of the coin just different ways of getting there right they will call you demonic on the right demonic for like an anime or deviance and then you go to the other side and it's basically the same thing that you're a deviant a pedo and all these things it all ends up just using anime to slander people you don't like and Matt Walsh calling anime demonic was a meme like it was literally made fun of so much that it was a joke but people hang on to this stuff and they use it to fuel their political rhetoric and it's really sad it's absolutely crazy to me here's the thing there is definitely a big culture we're out there right big culture war and people both sides of the lane right or left are trying to appeal to young people and things like this are why people like Ali London are the biggest failures in the culture War you are making people look at you and shake their head and cringe because that you look like you have no idea what you're talking about and you don't know what you're talking about and yet you're coming out here and trying to demonize an entire medium and you turn off all these young people who are like looking at you like who's this crazy grifter I want no part of this and they end up looking to people that you don't want them to go to and yeah this happens on both sides by the way it's not just someone trying to LARP as a conservative like Ali London it is a very crazy situation and I saw another take kind of reminded me of this whole situation this person said comic books cartoons anime and graphic novels are for children would rather a guy AI who watches porn then reads that crap at least he's a red-blooded male not an infants yes ladies and gentlemen anime is for children have they watched berserk recently have they they checked out that franchise that's definitely for uh for infants but uh talk about women posting their L's huh like this person would rather have a porn addict for a partner than an anime fan that is a crazy thing to admit publicly but uh I'm not too surprised the the hysteria that surrounds anime it goes across all political spectrums people are using this in any way to attack people they don't like and to create these weird stigmas in their head about anime fans and you know what I I like to see the amount of backlash tweets like this get it shows that people are actually self-aware enough and and paying attention to what's going on here and how people are demonizing anime for their own uh personal gain and clout and things like that and uh need to call more of these things out and uh today's just been a circus right starting with Ollie ending here it's been a complete freak Show and you know what it's sad to see but I'm not surprised but that's gonna do it for this video I hope you guys enjoyed please share all of your thoughts in the comments section down below and I'll see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Revsaysdesu [88 likes]: Use my code “REVSAYS30” for 30% off your total AdvancedGG order!
Use this link: https://advanced.gg/?ref=Revsays
Sale ends 4/30 at 12am CST! Sorry for the spam the past two days, but I want push this as far as we can go!
  2. @MinisterRoy208 [1 likes]: conservative here, love anime always have, but yeah, there are dummies who are conservative that have issues with anime.
  3. @kamikaze.33 [1 likes]: Ngl, I don't see a whole lot of difference between transexual and transracial... And that's not to say I'm against transexuals. As long as you're not hurting anybody else, I believe you should do with and live your life in any way that makes you happy! But if you strongly feel you would be happier as a different gender and we're all supposed to accept gender is a made up concept nowadays, how is that any different from feeling you were born into the wrong race and wanting to identify with how you feel internally??? I'll even go so far as to say, if you feel like you were born as the wrong species, then you should definitely feel free to get on all fours and disavow your human life if living as a cat would make you happier and feel more fulfilled! I'm all for transpecies rights! Just don't expect me to clean your litter box...
  4. @chalkduster-q1w: Ugh, to think I liked you. Yes, some folkel do identify as transracial. I don't myself (I'm arguably more concerning) but the transID community doesn't claim this guy. Oli London is a liar and a conservative shitbag. Good trace folkel also aren't creepy about it.
  5. @thirdthunder9804: Banana bread is eternal
  6. @jaredgreen2363: Even if trans activists were majority anime fans, they would still be a minority of anime fans. These people don’t understand statistics. The correlation, if real, would go like so: trans activists are left wing, and left wing people are better versed in pop culture, including anime, ergo a lot of them would be anime fans.
  7. @denisvarga2794: I wish i could be trans-racial so i can identify as black, and my pp wont be as small as it is((
  8. @hiromichimori6667: There's one thing to be a "super fan", "mega fan" or whatever, but when you get so obsessed that you go to the lengths to make yourself look exactly like the person you idolize, that's just really weird and ultra cringe.
  9. @lostbread8389: I thought this 🤡 is not relevant anymore
  10. @vera_magus: Also I love how Rev's monologue about London is an exact copy of Matt Walsh's monologue about Dylan Mulvaney by just replacing the word Korean with the word Woman
  11. @vera_magus: Oli London is as much of a Korean as William Thomas is a female swimmer, all of them are crazy and belong in a mental asylum
  12. @mintman325: There is a deep line in the sand. I have a term for people like Oli, cringe b**ch.
  13. @Faded02-k4p: OH FUCK YOU OLI THE AMOUNT OF GAL TO TRY AND SUPPRESS SOMEONES OPINIONS IN THE LAND OF THE FREE.
  14. @aaronsmith9202: Both sides attack Anime I am tired of it it's either both sides attack us, or Attack each other
  15. @IzumiAkatsu: Anime is for children hmmmm

Berserk
Sekirei
High school dxd
Goblin slayer
FLCL
Murder princess
Madoka Magica
Literally anything from the Fate franchise 
Kill la kill

I could in theory keep going but everything I have listed on my personal watched list would be too long so I think this is a good start I'm sure others could list a ton as well but who am I but I person that actually watches anime
  16. @빽겜: If you want to be Korean, Come visit Korea and earn it. Just like getting a green card in the states.
  17. @jumpiertech: The word "Trans-Racial" is wild.
  18. @racefoxxproductions8975: Anime is coming under attack because it ain't woke enough because Japan 🇯🇵 doesn't do this woke crap that is all over social media in Europe  and the USA🇺🇸 Japan🇯🇵 has their own culture and how they do things  just like China north Korea and  Vietnam have there own cultures and how they do things
  19. @shawnjordan4616: I don't get it, transracial is just as valid as transgender. Equally bullshit...
  20. @Loblutomite32: A wise man once said, "dawg i don't wanna see Soo, Sung, Ming, Kim dancing"

- Jordan Peterson RAGES online, makes EVERYTHING about Trans People (BIZARRE tweets at Prime Minister): Kind: captions Language: en about to meet female fighter fighters is what she faced when she walked in trans for sure right activists you devouring mothers and carrying Garb you devouring you devouring mothers and carrying Garb butchers and Liars support gender affirming what do you talk this is such a wholesome story what what stop being weird are you always so weird here's an awesome story about my daughter who wanted to meet other women firefighters and feel empowered through that act and then it's like okay cool it's like how do I make this about trans people uh so uh the emergency act has officially uh reports investigation concluded uh Jordan Peterson is very mad Lobster man rages uh apparently he's melting down on the twitters and I wanted to quickly see it's kind of hard because he has me blocked from The Cider meme 10 times as big and not just the truckers this time we're all bloody hell maybe it's time for another Convoy I'm dead serious another Convoy follow me a message to you Justin Trudeau sing on the day of dismal Triumph did she make a video on it of course you realize this means war Jordan Peterson be normal challenge impossible [Music] Jordan Peterson just tweeted this out to the prime minister of Canada and he's he's been of course you know he's dead serious of course you know this oh my god did you get the far enough to know that they're a Space Jam eclipse in here Jordan oh what's weird is he's not getting a lot of Engagement anymore I don't know if that's also no one is on Twitter because the whole thing has fallen apart so that could be a part of it he's also a prolific Tweeter like he's addicted he could he could just feel his thumbs doing this kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when he when he picks up the phone if you think that what happened you were sleepwalking Canadians into precisely the dystopia you were aiming to create you're a bloody hell this means just to be clear that all future governments conservatives it's a socialists can now use the full might of the State against all of us who dare to raise a protest the fact okay so let's um just be really clear about what happened okay uh there was a occupying force uh that took over parts of Ottawa that were endangering the citizens of Ottawa and they were eventually shutting down bridges in an attempt to push forth their demands their demands uh were completely unreasonable because they were nebulous eventually they were Freedom so uh basically you're just holding the city uh as well as elements of the workers because a lot of people could not go to their jobs because they were shutting down Auto factories uh and that really obviously hurts them for nothing your demands are not hey do this uh improve the lives of workers improve the lives of truckers improve the blah blah at first it was vaccine mandates and both the truckers were like you're not representing us and the truckers union said the same thing none the rest of the unions in Canada were like yeah you don't represent the workers this is a AstroTurf far-right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Neo-Nazi ridden Cesspool of extremism uh combining elements of Q Anon anti-vaxxers the far right Freedom not to mention uh one of the founding members is a straight up like superiority of the Anglo-Saxon race [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like there's more than enough racism extreme racism from that white supremacist who was also platformed by people like Fox News who didn't know any of this no one knew any of this you even had people all the way who were supposed to be lefties in America uh people like Richard Wolff uh you know who's obviously been on my show a number of times going on Jimmy dors show so they can both [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on unions because they don't realize how this is actually effectively for the first time almost meaning to the men's the demands again of the far right who don't want Justin Trudeau in power I understand why from a distance it may have seemed that like some of the things that were going on uh were a workers Revolt because their their branding was actually quite clever if you said that this is about the truckers the good old-fashioned hard-working at a time when you know we have so many problems well then hell yeah a whole bunch of politicians are going to use this for political opportunism jump on top and be like I as a conservative also support the hard-working American truckers like the rest of these hard-working shows and what do you have to say I am the queen of Canada Queen the dullo and I am the true dominion and all of you are my servants and you must give me all of your money okay well maybe not this person over here they seems to be a little let's just say strange but other people you sir you must seem like a hard worker yes I I work very much to uphold the superiority of the white race and I want to make sure that I can subjugate all the other races below me okay well maybe not this guy let's just Shuffle on over here hey you're actually sleeping in a truck what do you do oh yeah I rented this so I could park it in the middle of the city and honk a lot so that people with disabilities can't sleep yeah oh because I hate Justin Trudeau that's why also freedom and uh the vaccine is poison and it's trying to kill us all that's that's basically what it was and Americans and people all over the world were just like whoa I mean Americans primarily funded it once the sources for all that came out and so that's that this is basically the story you can watch the documentary at youtube.com the searchtv I did in collaboration with it could happen here uh Robert Evans amazing podcast and we went through all the receipts all the history of the original Founders how each one of them has direct ties to either separatist movements uh exit movements Canadian independence movements uh far right extremism white supremacy white nationalism and then people started to suddenly join in large droves because they thought this was actually oh this is about workers oh this is about Freedom oh this is about Liberation oh this is about it was a a mishmash of a whole bunch of things happening simultaneously getting funded by a lot of the Puti bourgeoisie of America as well as Canada um and so yes eventually because of not only Mass police incompetence but police collusion there was obviously a huge problem with police being super friendly in Canada like in the United States to the far right helping them set up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tents from helping them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] move their chairs and stuff like that just like a good old like what are you doing there hey I hope you're having a great time over here buddy yeah I mean if you're gonna set up your truck why don't you move it right over there and then we'll get that little barbecue set up there I mean eventually it was a resort it was like a Canadian Resort there was massive DJ parties hot tubs uh barbecue cookouts non-stop honking blah blah blah but yeah it got to such a point where eventually it fell upon the purview of the federal government who enacted the emergencies act and this obviously became a huge problem for a lot of people on the left especially right uh freedom absolutists because they felt like this was a massive infringement on the free speech of potential activism in Canada what if what if we were to do something like this what would happen what what if the Canadian government suddenly cracked down on left-wing protesters to which I have to tell you they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do always has been what do you think the original Inception of the RCMP was for this is for controlling the Indian problem quote unquote in this country it's entirely racist federal police force that has huge problems that yes is to this day used to enforce the will of Corporations against indigenous sovereignty that's what's happening to the wetsuitin up north that's that's why the RCMP can come in there and arrest people even though they're on someone's Sovereign land that and no one does anything about it they protesters journalists report on it yes outrage internationally yeah we'll do fundraisers and things but it's still something that is allowed to continue to happen and it doesn't matter if it's there doesn't matter if it's old growth forest they crack down on left-wing protesters always have it's it's the meme you know with the the astronauts shooting the other astronaut that's that's the reality of the situation when when indigenous protesters uh when um like the Mohawk people uh were teaming up in solidarity uh with a whole bunch of different bands across the country and we're starting to block trains which actually effectively was something thing that was going to hurt corporations bottom line uh immediately they were met with violent resistance and and enforcement of the state because yes that is what always happens um this was one of those things where this was just allowed to grow to such a size because it was yes predominantly right wing white Canadians who were dominating this one and the police again are kind of in this like uh oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these aren't the skulls we normally crack what's going on here kind of situation and so yes the emergency Act was authorized when that happened all y'all in America the Joe Rogan's uh every single person suddenly started talking about how Trudeau is a dictator or an authoritarian uh communist uh he's basically Stalin number two uh and that's why now you see so many people on the right making jokes about invading Canada militarily and liberating Canada from the tyranny of Justin Trudeau because people like Jordan Peterson are like yes he is an authoritarian leader I've studied this my entire life I did listen to me Europe bloody hell woke Wireless um and that's why you're seeing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this it was so unbelievably transparent for uh a a measure by the way uh it was done through again a parliamentary vote uh which is a representation of democracy because you will lecture MPS it could be dissolved once again by a parliamentary vote uh it could only be enacted for a period before it had to be renewed once again by a parliamentary vote uh and then after it was used uh immediately directly there would be uh uh an investigation I'll say that an investigation a public investigation in which everyone would have to testify it's not something that like Trudeau was like can't wait to use the emergency measures act it's something like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks because I'm gonna do this and it's obviously gonna have huge Ripple effects and benefits to all of my political competitors because everyone's going to look at this as tyrannical but I'm really writing out of options because the police in Ottawa are completely inept that's that's basically it oh and some transphobia in there my three-year-old daughter always says I want to be a firefighter boy she's not trans she just doesn't see women represented on the firefighters on TV you should know girls could be firefighters I wanted to meet female fighter fighters this is what she faced when she walked in trans for sure right activists you devouring mothers and caring Garb you devouring you devouring mothers and carrying Garb butchers and Liars support gender affirming what do you talk this is such a wholesome story what what stop up being weird why are you always so weird Jordan that's so strange hey here's a wholesome story about my daughter who wanted to meet other women firefighters and feel empowered through that act and then it's like okay cool it's like how do I make this about trans people how do I make this uh about disgusting trans people oh great he's teaming up with glinner together at last amazing on lgbtq History Month my friend uh has been banned for a week for saying this basic fact please Elon Musk there is a mental health crisis and trans rights activists are targeting those of us trying to talk about it by reporting on anything containing the word you know what's Wild is the Mind virus that infects you seems to be one in which transphobes just can't stop going down this alt-right pipeline because the only people who want anything to do with them are other gross old writers who happen to have other forms of bigotry so suddenly their climate change denial is suddenly the race feelers suddenly they're talking about IQ and black crime rates and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that it's like oh odd how this keeps happening seems like there's a virus this is 100 True the conversion therapy scare was a lie and the laws mandated gender affirming care have essentially ended the honest clinical counseling Enterprise anything you say dear is not Psychotherapy period at Elon Musk tell Elon Musk Jordan go get him go get him um I think it should also probably be pointed out um that they are the ones doing that that they're the ones doing the conversion therapy esque tier a scientific refusal to understand what the body and consensus of science says like right now that same body in consensus of science shows that conversion therapy does not work and conversion therapy is torture that's the current understanding of conversion therapy that same body of science every Major Medical Association in the United States conclusively agrees that gender affirming care can alleviate the symptoms of gender dysphoria and lead to better outcomes for children who are trans who want to undergo it that's the CR like I I posted a report on uh that collectively looked at 27 different studies a meta-analysis of 27 different studies that showed and this is a new meta-analysis that just came out less than one percent regret transition I was looking at the rate of knee surgery several studies Point towards 20 regret 20 20 regret less than one percent once again of the less than one percent those who did said the overwhelming reason was societal stigma like the the evidence is so overwhelming in the opposite direction that you can only have at this point an ideological agenda and hatred for Trans people to keep pushing this as a valuable argument that deserves our time or that deserves conversation or deserves a place in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] newspapers the New York Times no we don't need to keep doing opinion pieces but what about the less than one percent who de-transition can we platform them can we give them the microphone can we give them the opportunity to say how they were influenced uh you know by all this ideology and stuff like that rather than something that is affecting uh and has positive outcomes for 99 of the people who are undergoing it again you wouldn't do this for anything else I've never seen the knee surgery Crusade almost 20 percent of people who experience knee surgeries regret it from mutilating people were butchering them we're killing them I've never seen them do this for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] appendix surgeries uh we appendix lives matter appendix rights we are the appendix Rights Movement how dare you butcher people taking a part of their very soul out of their bodies it's like uh no these These are inflamed appendixes that need to come out or could kill the host let's just say um this is a thing that should happen it's it's pretty wild so you don't need to uh humor them by the way when they do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore clearly the onion doing better reporting than the New York Times it is journalism's sacred duty to endanger the lives of as many trans people as possible get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the onion how dare you they took my family from me they took everything everything no you you did it to yourself just you you and no one else you did it to yourself just you you know you're you know I can't even remember the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the Radiohead is I'm going to open that article hold on I just retweeted it from the onion it is journalism sacred duty to endanger the lives of as many trans people as possible the task of reporting is not a simple one each and every day reporters and editors add Publications like the onion make difficult decisions about which issues should receive attention knowing that our coverage will influence not only how people think but also how they act this responsibility is at the core of an ongoing debate over whether news coverage of transgender non-binary and gender non-conforming people is unduly biased as the world's leading news publication with the daily readership of 4.3 trillion the onion is compelled to weigh in we firmly believe that it's journalism's sacred duty to people as possible Quentin is a 14 year old assigned female at Birth who now identifies as male against the wishes of his parents his transition was supported by one of his unmarried teachers who is not a virgin he stole his parents car and drove to the hospital where doctor immediately began performing Top surgery on him afterwards driving home trunk from the hospital quenson became suicidally depressed and he wonders now homeless and written with gonorrhea if transition was a mistake we just made Quentin up and that's okay it doesn't mean stories like this aren't potentially happening everywhere constantly good journalism is about finding those stories even when they don't exist it's about asking the tough questions and ignoring the answers you don't like then offering misleading evidence in service a preordained editorial conclusions in our case endangering trans people is the lodestar that shapes our coverage frankly if our work isn't putting trans people a further whisk of trauma and violence we consider it a failure we stand behind our recent obsessed seeming torrent of Articles and essays on trans people we believe Faithfully depicts their lives experienced as weird and gross we remain dedicated to finding angles that best frame the basic rates of gender non-conforming as up for the debate and we will use these same angle over and over in hopes that this repetition makes them suffer as journalists it is Our obligation to entertain any and all pseudoscience that gives bigotry an intellectual veneer not only bigotry by the way it should be reiterated the actual bigots themselves to be able to pass legislation because that's the real danger with what the New York Times has been doing and the BBC and the guardian and everyone every single one of you irresponsible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who didn't do any due diligence that is just willing to platform these extremist stories in order to scare everyone then we have actual far-right extremists in the US being like we need to pass this legislation and then people like well no it really seems like it's kind of just bigoted and marginalizing people who are already marginalized well I know you'd say that but don't worry I have a bunch of liberal Publications that say otherwise hey here's an opinion piece from the BBC here's an opinion piece from The New York Times here's an opinion piece from the guardian and then boom it's like whoa that does sound scary that's just I didn't know I didn't know that we were actually endangering the lives of countless lesbians who are being targeted by trans women who are trying to attack them and sexually harass them all the time I didn't know that was a massive phenomenon that was destroying the lives of others maybe I do need to entertain this whoa I didn't know that there was one story that is kind of exaggerated a person who de-transitioned I know I'm very very scared of this entire process and apparently it's just happening to children as young as zero yes children as young as zero are getting these surgeries these these incredibly invasive surgeries and they're irreversible negative one kids already just they could the cons the concept of it if you think that you can have a kid people already begin gender affirming care and decide what kind of gender that kid is going to be before even insemination that is what I'm worried about and scared of and it should be something that has equal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] credence is journalists it is Our obligation to entertain any and all students it is against free speech to stop us from fixating on the genitals much of the recent debate concerns medical procedures particularly in children and whether things like hormone replacement therapy or gender affirming surgeries are safe and appropriate indeed there are critical questions to be asked about the social complexities of gender as well as medical ethics in a profit-driven Health Care System we are simply not interested in any of that instead we will use flawed data and spurious logic to repeatedly write the same handwriting arguments asking whether or not to suddenly too many trans people are around journalistic Integrity demands nothing less naturally courageous reporting like ours has its detractors our critics accused us of transphobia and are trying to murder Us online with their online mobs they want to destroy our right to free speech and have us all arrested by the police what gives why would you arrest us when it's those deviant trans people you ought to be arresting instead do you know what the sign says about trans people getting arrested huh what if we can find data seeing the trans people should be more likely to be arrested what if our detractors say then they'll be silent as well as they should be and Free Speech Will Survive more one day for more evidence of our time-honored journalistic commitment to endangered lives please see previous coverage of gay people immigrants black people and women institutions with massive platforms like ours must be open to different ways from endangering the trans community that might mean using the framework of medical care as a boogeyman to imply the trans people are engaged in something sinister that might mean turning isolated incidents of defranzitioning to sweeping generalizations about children being groomed that might mean identifying the worst Prejudice of transgender people face and encouraging our readers to adopt them did you forget about how we wrote that there might be data showing that trans people should be more likely to get arrested what if that were true or what if non-binary people are 10 times more likely to be trafficked infants what if puberty blockers are kind of a sex crime what if doctors are climbing through the window to suit your penises of sleeping cheerleaders the next time you see a trans person you ought to ask yourself these questions all great journalists and even those lesser journalists who don't work for the onion eventually Ponder why we do what we do is the point of our reporting to illuminate the world around us so that we may make meaning of it or is it to cause people in a minority group to question their humanity and persuade others to demonize them we know where we stand proudly dreaming of genitals research shows the trans people are far more likely than cisgender people to be the victim of a violent crime We Salute our colleagues across the media who are working tirelessly to make that number even higher the onion editorial bird onion going [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard doing the real journalism I wish satire could get a Pulitzer because uh yeah now saying the things that no one has to pray for you to say you might say hiding behind the veneer of Comedy I don't even think they're hiding they're just straight up saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you this is just a giant middle fingers the rest of the press who've been doing such an irresponsible disgusting frankly dangerous job of covering this for a long ass time long ass time do you enjoy the serps but prefer not to have to use your eyeballs many are saying this well we've got the solution for you it's the surf times in podcast form available on most major podcasting networks now if you enjoyed please consider leaving a good review and feedback because it really helps the show out apparently and it's free just like the podcast to our Gods Xander corvus and Peyton ljuice we shall spend many a Generations building Mighty cathedrals in your honor to our Monarch Tom Spiker we are but your office Jesters here to offer you a laugh at any opportunity to our brave Knights of the Round Table Rachel K Izzy solidarity Victoria Bell Sebastian demo Mark Harmon Benji Arnie scary Earth human Tony d.m Rivera resident scarecrow sir nickis Cheryl Alvarez ruby Kelly Brandon words Greenwood everything important hegbird Celine Matthew Scarborough Stellar Vision Harry and McCarthy Doug Katie Daniel Sutton genital dark puppy quiet 185 Anna loves Riley Omni Riley and Anna poodle Hawk multi-mandy trevbot exe Brian Ephraim anthropophojak Catherine Ramon Acosta and kosin Ralph parlor violent Orchard political puppy La Media Panza Todd Buckingham and Todd laginas We Salute our Valiant Heroes off to fight Injustice everywhere

  Top Comments:
  1. @whatsupinspace854 [5 likes]: "It is against [right-wingers'] free speech to stop us from fixating on the genitals of children"
One of the most truest made up quotes ever made. That is their argument.
  2. @whatsupinspace854 [4 likes]: Wow. Props to The Onion. That was snarky!
  3. @EddieM1994 [3 likes]: Your impression of Jordan Peterson sounds like if Kermit and Elmo had a baby and it's very disconcerting. Accurate, but disconcerting.
  4. @OhNotThat [3 likes]: TAKE ME SERIOUSLY AS I POST BUGS BUNNY CARTOONS.
t. the very serious epic lobster professor man
  5. @willbfriend7187 [2 likes]: Peterson is a disaster
  6. @TheZombiemofo [2 likes]: To be honest if a psychologist advocates for conversion therapy i'd be really concerned if his license wasn't under review.
  7. @TasTheWatcher [2 likes]: Maybe Peterson should visit a therapist, and work out with them his obsession with trans people.
  8. @WilliamBrowning [2 likes]: Re: Canadian Trucker Protest - don't hate on their tactics. You would have supported those same tactics if they were your ideological allies.
  9. @ThePigMensToes [2 likes]: Trans rule everything around me, time to be bigot, drop another bill y’all.
  10. @Gamingpandacat [1 likes]: I just wonder why suddenly, when it became a culture war issue, suddenly trans people exist in 100% of spaces and must be legislated before the great trans replacement turns everyone into a woman
  11. @therealivydawg [1 likes]: Imagine being obsessed with other people's private parts.
  12. @JH-yj7kk [1 likes]: I really want to say "shouldn't you be in a coma?"  Is that awful? Lol
  13. @AnarchoHeathen [1 likes]: Lance’s JBP is absolutely the best.
  14. @PartigradeCannon [1 likes]: The amount of trans people who detransition vs the trans population in total seems comparable to the number of trans people in total vs the total population.
  15. @Lespaulthrash: Up yours, woke lobsters!
  16. @steffanshurkin1123: In the middle of this reading, I began to think it was quoted from Bloomberg or the New York Times. Yikes.
  17. @nedzed3663: Oh shit I forgot about that nothing burger trucker convoy, how many faux lefties were defending that fraudulent non revolution?
  18. @katiez688: Is Jordan declaring war on Canada?
  19. @newflesh666: Transphobia infects people's brains until it's literally all they can think about, and it's the cause of all the world's problems, according to them.
  20. @Gibon345: Another Onion W

- Twitter and Reddit attack Trans Girl who criticized Guilty Gear Strive's Bridget: Kind: captions Language: en yesterday i was tagged by hi elol a trans person who tagged me too a tweet from guster buster with over 4 thousand likes where she says this whole situation rubs me the wrong way as a trans girl myself there is not a trend i dislike more than erasing a character's previous identity for the sake of making them trans in the thread she also compiled a number of reasons why she has issues with this latest development in guilty gear that said we're not going to go through all of them once again because we did that yesterday although hey if you missed that segment and would like to check it out link in the description for your convenience and now for this one we've got some upset people on twitter and read it before we continue please consider liking and subscribing for more segments like this every day i think you're going to enjoy this one and now moving on we got kingmaster larry here thank you for the tag kingmaster larry and samantha is upset with my video it seems samantha says me when i get information blatantly wrong to undermine trans representation i'm hero hey yeah so what i was doing was reporting on guster buster's thread a trans woman that got over 4 000 likes if you got an issue with what she has to say which you apparently do because that's what my video was about at least a large portion of it uh it looks like you might be transphobic samantha i know you're probably gonna deny that but let's be real you're upset at someone who was calling out transphobia it seems like that would be something a transphobe does samantha would even quote retweet king master larry when he tagged me saying this oh yes we've never seen that one before very funny and original samantha great job and so samantha's tweet complaining about my video currently has only 800 likes i was expecting this to have closer to like 5 000. hopefully by the end of the day it'll be like 10 000. that would be awesome here's a funny response from donish he pretty much got kicked out of the gantry community because he made a video getting mad at people who were shopping you can't even type dude two female characters and defending lollygone crap what dude what are you even talking about your tweet doesn't even make sense you can't kick someone out of the gangshin community i've got more people that enjoy genji that watch my videos than you have friends in real life if that sounded kind of mean i i'll admit that maybe that was a little bit too mean to be fair this person also claimed i defended a racist once again i have no idea what this person's talking about and i'd say lying about someone saying that they defend racists is much worse than anything i've said another comment just claiming i'm a lolicon just an overt lies people are so weird hero hey is freaking annoying okay stay annoyed i guess uh thanks for letting us know that i got under your skin okay we need to gatekeep guilty gear from this weirdo harder you can literally do nothing except complain on twitter you can just see the palpable rage right here it's just funny to me dude these people just sound so unhinged when i see this stuff i can't help but laugh and what's with so many people on twitter assuming other people are cis just because they dislike them seems kind of bigoted anyways that thread is getting kind of dry like i said maybe by the end of the day it'll have like 10k likes right now you know i mean even then it'll probably just be more of the same stuff so only so much laughter you can get before it gets boring anyways we got a reddit thread too dollar store the quartering of the anime community this seems like a clunky title maybe you should have cut out v from it that might be better dollar store quartering of the anime community i think that sounds a little better now you could try again next time i'm not being sarcastic about try again next time either that subreddit has literally just like reposted old threads like they made a thread about my maneta video a year ago and they reposted it with the same exact title a couple days ago same title same premise same everything they just literally copy pasted the same post they made a year ago like dude if you're recycling the same material from a year ago that's so sad that subreddit is so dead we can see what their editors are crying about in the thread about my video so apparently they haven't seen guster buster's thread with around four thousand likes or so and her critique as a trans woman of this guilty gear news kinda seems like the redditors just don't know what they're talking about as a guilty gear player hero hey loves getting things wrong and twisting information dude i literally reported on a situation with a trans woman getting 4 000 plus likes on her take critiquing this news it's not even my take that's why this is so amusing to me like these people are upset at me and it's not even my take dude holy smokes they're upset at a trans woman really they're actually upset at trans women and these are the people that apparently support trans women and trans people like really y'all don't even take the time to listen to both sides of the situation like at least i've looked into people happy about the news and people not happy about the news and asked for opinions about it sure though reddit go off about how awful and terrible my take is when it's really the take of a trans woman that you're talking about sure that's going to go well for you anyways yeah that's all i really got to say on this one just funny little follow up and to be quite frank guys i don't want to put these sort of uh response segments on my main channel i don't think it's worth using a segment for this sort of thing i want to stick to like actual news not personal stuff with me so ideally i would put the source segment on my second channel that's what i'm getting at if you like these sort of segments where i'm responding and things like that please consider subscribing to my second channel because i don't want to do this stuff on the main channel like i said moving forward right now the second channel is doesn't have enough people to that really watch the segment anyways though so got to promote it a little more first that is the plan moving forward in the somewhat near future though still got to build it up anyways thanks for tuning in let me know what you think in the comments and i'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Amaliytedits [301 likes]: Pin
  2. @etrotm1226 [6 likes]: And you know what. I agree what she said cuz i basically said the same thing (albeit with more details explaining my opinion further). I said what I said on a previous video about Bridget here and on Rev's channel as well. And people can say I'm hateful or x phobic all they want, I made it clear I also support trans rights like Ishiwatari does, and that I was more so annoyed by the change rather than being angry and dropping Bridget altogether, as I may not like the change ArcSys underwent with Bridget and I don't like the story of Bridget going in the direction its going, but I still like Bridget nonetheless (which is why I have my criticisms). But yeah, you can just see so much hypocrisy going on when a trans girl give an opinion other disagree with....

EDIT: This is me from almost 2 years from the future as it is currently July 22, 2024. Before anyone comes and responds possibly, I wanna say my opinion somewhat changed. I'm more neutral towards the direction of Bridget's story now, as I found out according to someone else, Guilty Gear X2 and X2 Accent Core's Japanese release has info that may imply or hint at Bridget being trans. Mainly when Bridget meets Ky. I would still rather Bridget stay a boy, mainly due to the fact that it was a more unique and clever concept, and it was a pioneer of the "Trap" meme too. Other than that I do feel more passive about the current story of Bridget now rather than feel annoyed. It is what it is.
  3. @aaronlaughter6471 [4 likes]: What, your telling me that the people who attack others as transphobic are in fact themselves transphobic, I am shocked, shocked I say.
  4. @Retromanamama [4 likes]: literally bridget's backstory is him being forced into being a girl (which is abuse btw) and instead of being against clear child abuse let's just make him trans? Like where do these people even get these brains of theirs. It makes no sense. Coercion and manipulation isn't the way to go about a person's identity it's literal abuse. He never wanted to be a girl. It messed him up mentally and emotionally.
  5. @Ieatpaste23 [3 likes]: You know games like Genshin may well be the greatest games on the planet, but I'll never know because these people have made me not want to play it.
  6. @enderzone2002 [3 likes]: I was going to say something but everytime I read these dumb tweets I just lose braincells
  7. @Scared_Larry [2 likes]: Banger video man I love little kids too these wokies are ruining everything
  8. @youtuber.exe_ [2 likes]: It's funny how they keep saying that you get information wrong and twisting information like if there was info to get wrong, you just showed the person's tweets
  9. @DreamyTwilight [2 likes]: Please stop feeding into this “trans person” who made a negative post towards Bridget being a trans girl. She is not some sort of spokes person for all trans people and trans experiences. She is one person who jus tap happens to not relate to the trans experience that Bridget represents when in fact a lot of trans girls LIKE MYSELF really relate to the being a femboy first and realizing they’re a trans girl later on with a gender discovery journey. Bridget is great and this trans person is being a pick me and feeding into the transphobia and femboy fetishizers that think they lost something by Bridget being trans and have been actively running around harassing people and misgendering Bridget.
  10. @jeremyhall2727 [2 likes]: Oh will, 🤣 freedom of speech Oh dear she speak bad about our idol. The trans community has claimed Bridget. Like blacks claimed tiger woods or whites claimed slim shady back in the day.
  11. @PrincessG-String [1 likes]: Arc Systems is enforcing this bullshit by retconning characters. I'm grateful to not have bought GG Strive.
  12. @GruntGan [1 likes]: To me Briget was just a femboy
  13. @lmcb8447 [1 likes]: Hero Hei doesn't know yet the concept of internalized prejudice (in this case transphobia) yet while being a grown ass twenty-something man with acces to limitless knowledge (aka internet) !!
What else isn't he aware of?
  14. @speedylewder120 [1 likes]: Always got to love people who will attack people who they trying to "protect" and demand "representation"
  15. @aylenpons6682 [1 likes]: Extra extra. Local trans gets de comulgated and trans ID for social media use rebocated for her declarations.

If you don't know og name you are allowed to call this person 'Joe'.
  16. @itsgamingtime7439: as another trans woman I have to disagree with this other trans woman. Because looking at Bridget's story though it can be problematic on a surface level, having someone raised as a girl despite being amab and then later coming out as a trans woman. It is important to note that there is a large period of Bridget's story in which she was identifying as a man and living as such, just wearing the same clothes as before. However in the recent story she does soul searching and realises that she is a woman. She had a problematic upbringing but as an adult she decided that she is a woman. It isn't erasing her previous character, its building off of it. Also its important to have trans representation wherever possible, especially without having to headcanon, so trying to erase canon trans representation that is positive can be damaging to the trans community by removing icons that some people may have needed to start living a happier life, or to represent themselves in a way that makes them happier
  17. @archibaldc.1833: Living in their heads rent free
  18. @StormsandSaugeye: Imagine lying this much
  19. @pablogr6960: sadly, tcarlos is 100% right
  20. @GriffinPrismriver: people shouldnt cry over a video game character in the first place

- Congresswoman goes viral exposing trans activist's tweets: Kind: captions Language: en . >> Todd: THANK YOU, SOUTH CAROLINA CONGRESSWOMAN NANCY MACE BEING PRAISED FOR EXPOSING AN ACTIVIST ON EXTREMIST THREATS. WATCH THIS. >> FEW WEEKS AFTER ATTEMPTED ATTACK ON SUPREME COURT JUSTICE, ONE WITNESS TWEETED THE FOLLOWING >> THE SIX JUSTICES WHO OVERTURNED ROE, SHOULD NEVER KNOW PEACE AGAIN, DO YOU BELIEVE THE RHETORIC IS THREAT TO DEMOCRACY? >> I DON'T BELIEVE THAT IS CORRECT CHARACTERIZATION OF MY TWEET. >> YOU TWEETED THAT. >> Carley: JOE CONCHA JOINS US NOW, THIS HAPPENED AT A HOUSE HEARING AND ONE HIS A HISTORY OF EXTREMIST RHETORIC, HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE? >> Joe: INSANE, RIGHT, CARLEY? THIS MAKES COURAGE BY NANCY MACE, KNEE-JERK REACTION IS BY POINTING OUT TWEETS THAT CALLED FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST SUPREME COURT JUSTICES WOULD BE SEEN AS ANTI-LGBTQ, NANCY MACE LIKE EVERY OTHER SANE PERSON IN THE COUNTRY IS ANTI-THREATS TO SUPREME COURT JUSTICES. HOW DID THAT TWEET STAY UP CALLING FOR NO PEACE FOR ANY SUPREME COURT JUSTICES, HOW DID THAT SURVIVE THE TRUST AND SAFETY COUNCIL? THAT IS RIGHT, ONLY ONE SIDE WAS CENSURED, I KEEP FORGETTING THAT, TODD. >> Todd: HOW DID DEMOCRATS CALL HER IN THE FIRST PLACE? THAT IS HOW NOT SELF-AWARE DEMOCRATS ARE. CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ NEW DOCUMENTARY BOMBING AT THE BOX OFFICE, THE FILM TITLED "TO THE END" FINISHED NUMBER 34 AND GROSSED LESS THAN $10,000 BETWEEN 120 THEATERS. QUICK MATH, GETS READY WITH THE SAD TROMBONE, JOE, LESS THAN $80 PER THEATER, NOT 80'S,000, 80, CHEAP MEAL FOR TWO IN NEW YORK CITY. ELITES LOVE HER, HAS EVERYONE CAUGHT ON BY NOW, JOE? >> Joe: WOW, $80, THREE DRINKS NEXT DOOR TO THE LEFT. REMARKABLE. WHAT IS $80, FIVE PEOPLE SHOWING UP MAYBE? FOR SOMETHING THAT GOT BEST REVIEWS OF ANY FILM SINCE GLADIATOR. AOC IS ALL SIZZLE, NO STEAK, ALL HAT AND NO CATTLE, ALL BEER AND NO FOAM, TO USE CARLEY'S TERM. AOC IS AT THE BOTTOM IN TERMS OF BEING EFFECTIVE MEMBER OF CONGRESS, YET TO HAVE ONE PIECE OF SPONSORED LEGISLATION PASSED DESPITE BEING IN CONGRESS FOR SOME YEARS, YET EFFUSIVE PRAISE FROM MEDIA KEEPS COMING. I GUESS SHE IS GOOD AT INSTAGRAM AND HAS FOLLOWERS. >> Carley: ALL SIZZLE, NO STEAK, I'M HUNGRY, THAT IS WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT VICE PRESIDENT KAMALA HARRIS, THERE IS "WASHINGTON POST" COLUMNIST COMING TO HER DEFENSE AFTER BEING QUESTIONED ABOUT HER VIABILITY, IF VP HARRIS IS NOT HAVING IMPACT IT IS BECAUSE SHE IS IN THE GUILDED PRISON KNOWN AS THE VICE PRESIDENCY, SHE IS BETTER POL TIGSZ THAN HER POSITION ALLOWS HER TO DEMONSTRATE, SHE WILL BE A FORMIDABLE CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION, IF YOU CAN BELIEVE THEY SAID THAT, IT IS THE POSSIBLE SHE'S IN, NOT HER. >> Joe: I LOOK AT POLLS AND SEE THAT KAMALA HARRIS IS AT 39% FAVORABILITY, 54% UNFAVORABILITY, 15 POINTS UNDER WATER, WHEN LAST RAN FOR PRESIDENT, SHE COULDN'T GET TO IOWA. DROPPED OUT IN DECEMBER OF 2019. I FEEL LIKE IN TERMS OF HER JOB PERFORMANCE, HER NUMBER ONE JOB AS VICE PRESIDENT LAST CHECK TO FIX THE U.S. SOUTHERN BORDER AND BEEN THERE FIVE MINUTES AND THE SITUATION IS BAD AS IT HAS EVER BEEN IN THIS COUNTRY'S HISTORY. SHE HAS AUTHENTICITY PROBLEM, COMMUNICATION PROBLEM WITH VOTERS AND BESIDES THAT, YEAH, SHE'LL BE A GREAT PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE. >> Todd: ATTEMPT TO LAUNDER KAMALA HARRIS FOR 2024 UNDERWAY, SOMEBODY WHO IS SQUEAKY CLEAN, THE GREAT JOE CONCHA. >> Carley: THANK YOU. >> Joe: STEAK AND EGGS NEXT CARLEY. >> Carley: CAN'T WAIT, LOVE

  Top Comments:
  1. @OneMeanArtist [1 likes]: The best argument against what they say is to use their own words against them.  Doubtful anything will ever come of this, though.  It's all theater.  And all the MSM are now is just a televised platform for high school caliber gossip.  The world has gone mad, the people running it are useless and I want no part of it. The end.
  2. @Nina-vv3ev [1 likes]: that ended weird...ok
  3. @shane8056: Kamala sounds like nails on a chalkboard when she speaks  I just can’t handle listening to her go on and on and on and never getting to the point of what she is trying to say it’s so annoying Joe mind broke I honestly don’t think Kamala has ever had an original thought in her life other than figuring out that bus wheels go round
  4. @t-bo-lesotho: "Quoting me directly is a mischaracterization of my words."
  5. @sajitorio5731: Just like Biden was Obama's impeachment shield, Harris is Biden's shield.
  6. @jerelwright1665: Another brave competent conservative patriot
  7. @19blueyes69: "All hat no cattle" referrs to those who wanna Act like a cowboy but have NO EXPERIENCE and know Nothing About It.
  8. @Kevin-VII-VII-VII: "I'm pregnant?" 🤣 😂 🤣
  9. @boem3021: Kamala as a candidate? In what parallel universe?
  10. @lv2991: Yess!!!
  11. @brent8783: Joe - what are you doing?  Even though Eugene's commentary says more about their (see what I did there *wink*) fitness as a political correspondent than about Kamala Harris, she really is amazing *wink wink*.  Please, please, please let Kamala be the (D) presidential candidate in 2024.  Kamala for prez!
  12. @macdoj4: She got triggered at the end lol
  13. @jimgell9057: The tweet didn't encourage violence though. 

Since when did accosting amount to anything close to the Capitol riots? For those who aren't aware, to 'accost' means to verbally challenge someone, not commit physical violence against.

And saying that someone shouldn't know peace for their actions is in no way inciting violence, it's an expression that means they should feel guilty and disturbed by their decisions. So where in the tweet is the activist inciting violence?

The Capitol riots isn't relevant at all to the tweet, and Mace brought it up purely to appeal to shock and emotion, indulging in the rhetoric that she herself claims is a threat to democracy.
  14. @stevehughes1510: Insighting violence !! Why was that activist woman not prosecuted ??
  15. @classic73: WB's
  16. @rachaelleann9847: If anyone paid for that movie then they aught to be smacked into having some sense.
  17. @49ersCore: And then what happened? was she charged with any crime or prosecuted? did she do any time for inciting violence did the FBI go into her house to arrest her???
  18. @wmschwabe: Hypocrisies of the left keep on coming ...
  19. @Android-yj9wk: Please run!! Guaranteed slam dunk for republican candidate!
  20. @drvijaymakwana: PPL like Mace upholds everything that's not farce .

- YOUTUBE IS STILL MESSING WITH LGBTQ+ CREATORS [CC]: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody my name is Chaseypoo and today I'm going to be talking to you about the status of my channel related to YouTube and how YouTube has demonetised my content before and then said that they weren't going to do it again and then it just happened again this week so let me give you a quick recap last year a lot of things were happening on YouTube especially related to LGBT content for me personally I got a strike on my account on a video that was like 6 years old and made absolutely no sense why there would be a strike on my account this had happened around the same time to two other trans youtubers that I know and it was just why is this happening? it was it was just ridiculous at the same time I posted my five-year post op top surgery video and that got demonetised the second I added the word trans in the title and I'm not even joking with that I did a little test and I posted it on Twitter and I was very angry because I did a test like I literally removed the word trans from everything and then each step I would slowly add words and it was still monetizing the second I added the word trans instantly demonetised and around the same time homophobic as were being posted on my videos and a lot of other LGBT creators on YouTube like during Pride Month what so obviously I made a big fit about this I made a video is my channel gonna get deleted because I was honestly scared that my channel was gonna get deleted. I'm getting a strike on a video that's really old and now all my video is what the word trans were being demonetized, like he made no sense to me so I was really scared and that video got some attention and people like Hank green and Philip DeFranco mentioned it on YouTube and people were retweeting it and I think that that got YouTube's attention because they contacted me like YouTube literally called me long story short I went to headquarters I was assured that trans is not a trigger word that will mess up the algorithm and automatically demonetize content I was assured that they of course want to help and of course they're very lgbtq positive and they didn't do this on purpose and it was an accident and they're working on fixing it it's to ensure that it doesn't happen again in the future well why do you think I'm in front of the camera right now on your computer screen talking about this because it happened again and I've been very busy lately so I haven't made a fuss about this on Twitter and really talked about it because I just don't really have the energy right now because it's just keeps happening and I'm just a disaster I'm so tired of talking about this but if we stop talking about it then YouTube or whoever is getting away with this is going to keep getting away with this so the more we talk about it the more actions going to happen so what happened well I posted my six years post op video I was like hey I wonder I wonder and I was pleasantly surprised when I posted it with the word trans and it was demonetised instantly I was like but didn't we just go through this so time for another one of my tests I decided to change the name of the file of the video change name of the thumbnail changed the name of the video change the name of the tags change the name of everything remove any trace of Trance any trace of trans guess what I don't even think I need to tell you what happened because the second I added the word trans demonetised so I deleted it reuploaded it deleted it re uploaded it still the same thing demonetized demonetized demonetized and I was just in shock because I thought that YouTube had gotten their shit together and look I know people from YouTube we're gonna be watching this video because I know I'm gonna get contacted by them because that has happened in the past and I just want to say I know that YouTube is not doing this on purpose to purposefully target LGBT content especially targeting my content when I'm talking about you know my trans experience I know that I know that they're not purposefully doing that however I do believe that YouTube has an agenda alright and they favor the advertisers kind of more than their content creators so if an advertiser is like I don't really want my content to be posted on stuff like this YouTube is going to make sure that it doesn't end up on that content and demonetized that content instantly because then you know accidentally that content can't get on there also can I just say like literally for the last year I've just been exhausted by all of this but like homophobic ads still been playing on videos of LGBT content creators still still is there no one flagging these videos is there nobody who's like let me check out this commercial this ad before we actually approve it to put it on earth I don't know it's a lot of anger that I haven't really expressed in a long time I am just very disappointed and you know like when somebody says they're disappointed sometimes it's worse than saying that they're mad at you I'm just disappointed because I kind of felt like I was assured that things were gonna change and unfortunately the algorithm has still has still these like little things in there that just aren't fixed yet YouTube is Google is a billion-dollar company I am so sure that they could hire a team of a thousand engineers to figure out how to just put something in the algorithm that says hey any trans content we don't do monetize anyways so my video for six years post op was demonetized instantly so what I did is I clicked review right away and this was the day before the video even was posted and sometimes they review it before it's posted but it's very rare because you need to have at least a thousand views within the last seven days for them to review your video and because the video wasn't even posting yet and had like literally no views the chance of that being reviewed before I post it was very little and as we all know when a video comes out on YouTube right away everyone gets the notification I mean they're supposed to people still complain that they don't put whatever you're supposed to get the notification and then that's when people click on the video right away because instantly people go on it so in the first couple of hours of a video coming out that is the prime time for most of the views to go on the channel and of course my videos all get to monetize before I even put the video on public so long story short it took them 11 hours for them to remonetize my video 11 hours and that is the prime time for all the views now listen I'm not saying this because like I want money from the advertisers okay look I'm pissed because YouTube said they were gonna stop doing this and they're still doing it but also when I tell you that my revenue has dropped 80% I literally mean it because all of my videos are demonetized now all of them and it takes them hours sometimes days for them to remonetize the video and by that point everyone's already seen the video so it just pisses me off that I'm not relying on YouTube as a main income and I've never relied on YouTube as a main income I absolutely I'm aware of that it's a it's a tricky place to be however when you have a specific amount of adsense revenue coming in and then all of a sudden it just kind of disappears because all of your videos are demonetised you take a big hit and it really really sucks and I'm not the only one complaining about this alright people like Watts the Safeword have the literally talked about how their revenue has gone down as well because their videos get demonetised a lot of videos that mentioned sex ed and things like that obviously get demonetize but the thing that just gets me is yeah whatever all my videos where I review things and sure they get age restricted, demonetize whatever I'm not even talking about that today I'm literally talking about the videos where I'm I'm clothed I'm talking in front of a cat wall and I'm expressing myself I'm talking about how you know I had surgery and how I feel six years later I talk about being on hormones and I talk about how I feel I talk about all my experiences as a trans person and it seems that somehow there's like a word that I'm saying in the video or there's something the algorithm is picking up that is saying no we're gonna do monetize this and again I'm not the only one this is happening to I'm just talking about it today because of my own personal experience of what happened to me this week with my six years post-op video I'm just letting you know that because we're not really talking about it anymore doesn't mean it's not happening I think that a lot of us in the community who make content are just so exhausted from complaining about this stuff and nothing happening that for me personally I'm like it's not even worth it like literally I haven't even posted about this on Twitter because I I'm I'm I'm just I'm exhausted it's exhausting to have a problem and be assured it's gonna be fixed and then have it again and again and again and again and then it just keeps going and you just I just want to scream also I am wearing my protect trans youth shirt today specifically for this video because yes alright maybe this doesn't all connect but I'm connecting it in my brain so because a lot of people have been complaining about how LGBT content is being demonetized I think a lot of youth are kind of you know they're on the internet youth they're on the internet they know what's going on and in my opinion the association of Oh LGBTQ creators demonetised demonetized because not good enough for advertisers maybe their message isn't good maybe I shouldn't watch LGBTQ creators I feel like that gives you such an internal hate and internal homophobia and transphobia biphobia and everything and maybe I'm reaching all right but I'm just letting you know in my brain that unfortunately makes sense that if I was a kid and watching this content and a content creator that I loved was like my videos keep getting demonetised I would think wait is there something wrong with this should I not be watching this content am I even trans because if people on YouTube, where a billion dollar company who say they're lgbtq+ but then they're removing content and de monetizing it maybe I shouldn't think about this maybe I shouldn't watch this content look I'm an anxious person I have anxiety all right and I always go to the worst-case scenario and I don't want to imagine youth watching these videos and thinking these things and I'm not just talking about my content oh my god I'm talking about all the LGBTQ creators out there who are getting demonetize still like remember how we were having this exact conversation a year ago like exactly the same conversation like get your shit together let's go who wants to bet this video is going to get D monetize before I even posted all right thanks for joining me let me know what you think in the comments below if you're an LGBT creator please let me know in the comments if you've been demonetised or age-restricted or something has happened to your channel channels have been like legit deleted and things have not really gotten better unfortunately I would love to talk to everybody that you know has dealt with something like this and kind of talk about differently experiences and stuff because it is like I think you can tell I'm just so done unrelated to my channel and my content anything like that last week YouTube refused to remove steven crowder I think that's his name his video is where he is literally harassing and being extremely racist and being extremely homophobic to a gay activist online and that's just so unacceptable and I tweeted about it and YouTube got in contact with me and I'm just there saying that in their policies of harassment this doesn't constitute it and people of all walks of life should be able to post online and we shouldn't silenced anybody, but this is this is disgusting language that could be very harmful for people like they I don't look I'm gonna post the tweet about this so you can have a look because I don't want to go more into it because it is just it's a mess and it makes me so angry and I don't want to start screaming right now so thank you for watching I'll talk to you later hopefully my channel still here and you know hopefully monetized [whispers] probably not, though alright, have a great week bye [subtle beat music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zaedin710 [3 likes]: You guys are honestly confused and angry? YOUR CONTENT IS INAPPROPRIATE FOR CHILDREN!!!!!!!! Fuck holy hell how hard is that to understand. It isn’t just because your trans, grow the hell up.
  2. @augustsnowfall [2 likes]: Not just LGBTQ Being targeted. Not just you.
So people that like LGBTQ and people that are opposed both get limited!? 
Agenda....well which agenda is it supporting? 
At the same time, you shouldn’t be saying YouTube should remove videos that you don’t like!
Your rights to self expression should be for everyone, that’s just fair. You should not hate on people with different opinions. Having a different opinion is not hate.
What do you expect! Just man up, ok! I don’t know any non transgender men that whine and sook about things like you are.
YouTube isn’t just about you! And Carlos is a sickening example of a person, that’s why his employer ousted him recently! Crowder is allowed his opinions and FYI He’s not racist!
Why are you gonna rage on people different than you. Crowder was defunded too, so pleased get your facts straight before you spread false information about.
  3. @Nate_Kris [1 likes]: Ah yes bc you having penis's in your thumbnail has nothing to do with this
  4. @Smile4killcam115 [1 likes]: Hmm I wonder why you got demonetized? Hmm I wonder 🤔
  5. @iamsunday-x3o [1 likes]: A lot of people get this not just the lgbt community like it's not just this community getting effected by this its a lot of other people as well
  6. @rebeccaaikey4937 [1 likes]: You are not special.  This is happening to everyone.  Demonetization for no clear reason.  Notifications not going out.  Issues with the algorithms.  And who cares if your disappointed.  Then leave the platform.  There are literally hundreds of trans creators on the platform and you’re not vital the community whatsoever.

Of course youtube caters to its ad partners first and foremost because that is how it pays to keep youtube a thing for creators like you to cry discrimination on.  

And then share some of that money in the form of ad sense with you, even if it’s a homophobic or anti trans company’s ad or message that supposedly plays on your video.  I have yet to experience a homophobic or anti trans ad or video here on YouTube tho.  

But that’s what you say, so it must be true bc trans people can’t lie, right.  And if I call you a liar, then since you are trans, I must be transphobic or worse....

You asked for people’s experiences here on YouTube in the LGBT community with channel deletion, I heard Kalvin Garrah had his channel deleted before and Blair White has also suffered from harassment, bullying, and doxxing.   All due to differing views on controversial and sensitive subjects.   

Oh shit, those attacks came from within the very community made to protect them from such things happening.   

You are the epitome of what’s wrong with millennials.   Thankfully I’m not one that thinks you are the norm.  Entitled, lazy, self serving, conceited, whiny, triggered-perpetual victim don’t fuck up my pronoun or label or I’m offended.

Good, be mad and then go fuck right off.  You aren’t being demonized bc your trans or bi or gay or whatever.  Your demonetized because the majority of your videos are explicitly sexual in nature.  That’s why they aren’t being promoted either.  If YouTube started suggesting a video of a guy holding a fake dick to me on my feed or my kids feed there’d be many complaints.  No lawsuits needed.   Doesn’t take rocket science, just common sense.  But that’s another thing missing I can see from your content that you weren’t blessed with.
  7. @niclas3793 [1 likes]: Your content is sexual and inappropriate and not advertiser friendly. Wtf do you think is going to happen? You have videos with full on cocks in the thumbnail!!
  8. @manoffayth [1 likes]: Thank you Carlos Maza....
  9. @Tenep-g6c: They are purposefully doing this yo hurt trans people.  It is just the reason is because the advertizers want to hurt trans people and youtube goes along with it.
  10. @britneynicole8903: I cannot believe that YouTube was doing this to people. It is sickening to me. 
Does anyone know if they are still doing this? 🙄😡
  11. @Mudskippersarecool14: 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
  12. @rosemarybenjamin5315: Something similar is happening when I am watching your videos on your channel. Whenever my phone screen goes black because the video has been paused for too long, the YouTube app closes, and I have to go to my library so that I can continue watching your video. This DOES NOT happen when I am watching a Buzzfeed video (for research only).
  13. @wolfy1: You watched content when you were a youth and there was no "monetization" at that time and those of us making videos were just doing it because we liked it. Just sayin, I don't think it's about the youth, come on.
  14. @wolfy1: The hell is that hair
  15. @bertguns3960: suck it up buttercup
  16. @Dirty-Heretic: This guy: “ We’re suing YouTube cause of demonization.” 

Also this guy: “ Lets make a video reviewing a sex swing”
  17. @conniecox9138: I am soooooo far from conservative or Republican but I called out YouTube for alot of channels demometised or cancelled. Now people who applauded it is now mad it's happening to them.Beware of all censorshipor........
  18. @trentstayshiny4921: No, you shouldn't be promoted. Freak ass
  19. @outrageoustap1: they are demonetizing you guys because you upload sexual content and that is not allowed on Youtube. stop fucking Crying and whining about it and deal with it. read the Youtube rules lol it is that easy
  20. @sablechicken: You are making "baiting" videos...why would anyone have an issue with that?

- This is f**king disturbing..: Kind: captions Language: en Jen Alpha is beyond cooked. What is this? Group of 12-year-olds approach an Only Fans girl and let her know that they goon to her. >> What? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> These are the ones who Gucci. These are the ones who Gucci. >> Yo, >> here. Let's go. Let's go. >> All of them. >> No. All of them. All of them. Gucci. >> All three of them. >> Are you ger? >> Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Wait. You go before. >> Dad is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> winning session. >> I'm 12, right? When I stand on my money, I'm six. >> I'm 5'4, but whenever I stand on my money, I'm 66. >> I I got to admit that was funny. >> And this is one of the things that if any of these people that do like any of these like online content type stuff, all of it is consumed by minors. There are kids that are watching all of this stuff. And I don't know why they they want to deny this or act like it's not happening or whatever reason. I don't want bad stuff like flying around my name. I don't want people thinking that I advertise to kids because that is the last thing. >> But yes, it is happening constantly. It is happening all the time. So yeah, it's very disturbing. I think so, too. Yeah. >> Wait, wait, how old are you guys for real? >> Oh, 15. >> Oh, like I'm >> You're not 15. >> I literally don't condone any of this. >> Yeah, you do, bro. You literally have an account. Yo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @samosa-c9n [2 likes]: Bad parenting obviously
  2. @KingRamzi11 [1 likes]: It’s lwk her fault for opening a only fans in the first place
  3. @yamikillua32 [1 likes]: ckckckck
  4. @missinglink2025: Skank
  5. @AK001warrior: World need serious reset
  6. @filipedias104: they know it and they dont care as long as it is giving them money
  7. @TacticoolCraig: I don’t condone any of this. Yea you do bro you have an account . Kid had me laughing. He’s not wrong
  8. @DamnBuzz: Embarassment is the dish best served cold!
  9. @KaisWilderness: That's disgusting. These people don't realize that minors consume this type of content, and its horrible. Myself included... and its shameful and disgusting. I encourage everyone to come to Jesus... because He can protect you and guide you through these things. Pray for these kids to come to the truth.... and pray for this generation. Seriously.
  10. @shanierez8017: I always said that women are just as dirty as men. And the fact that they know they won't be held accountable, makes them even more dangerous. And I'm a woman myself.
  11. @Reboxy1: Can we take a moment to appreciate the person who posted this for saying the chick’s name
  12. @I2XSXD.L.D.S: Ok that was creepy
  13. @Whistler4K: all these mf are in suits just to say they goon to her 😭
  14. @Adam-gk3lp: Goonfellas
  15. @ArthurMemes-h6b: So much civic sense parents taught to these young kids
  16. @LuxFoo7y: And everybody says who paying the kids is paying!
  17. @JASKIRATSINGHALLGAMING: MasterCard is very sad at these dumbass kids

VISA is very sad and angry at these dumbass kids
  18. @MustafaGokmen-pq2xl: unfortunate reality
  19. @Doctor_Dank: They ALL got broccoli on their head! 😂
  20. @ztormriderx: the fault is on the system, the giants...the people behind who let minors see porn online, they are fucked up their brains

- She thought the Stream was Off...😳: Kind: captions Language: en nowhere no we're not are you not ready bro I literally a few moments and I'll be back okay all right give him like two minutes all right three three all right three three [Music] she a nice waitress I'm a temper like Chad how much should I tip her y'all she looks 14 she's not 14 bro I look young um you okay I was scratching my legs last time

  Top Comments:
  1. @fergusl3928 [2 likes]: sad man
  2. @NaliKhalil-efb [1 likes]: She was searching for ishowmeat😂
  3. @relatablenoelle [1 likes]: Bro she was like do i look young and stared blushing from her head
  4. @Dave1-c6g: Trash
  5. @OpeñaJhearellF: I think they dating💀
  6. @VinnieDunn-h8y: I love the part were she thought the stream was off
  7. @MrKrabsSixtyTwo: It took 3 ads
  8. @Avishmit0055: I loved the last part😅
OMG 300 likes 🗿
  9. @Kay.cantshoot: Song kinda fire 🥹🤞
  10. @hekmoglu90: Stream is never off fo a hoe
  11. @almostreku: What happend Lolll
  12. @PrinceKhan-v1l: Why thumbnail is showing no view ?
  13. @SSan-t9g: Ayoo she snife her leg
  14. @az-ul9jv: Speed after the stream be like
I take you to the candy shop 😂
  15. @bleedwolf5: Hands found the Weasel.
  16. @Annoyed49ersfan: The girl looks fine
  17. @sinan53739: Siyah adamlar bile siyah kadınları çekici bulmuyor
  18. @dianaram.c.1992: Haha she tried to play it off😂
  19. @SKULLYEDITZONYT: WHO ELSE LOVES THE PART WHERE SHE THOUGHT THE STREAM WAS OFF
👇
  20. @jeweljones3618: So..??? This was stupid waste of click

- Onlyfans Leak: What Next? Onlyfans Creator Tips From Lawyer: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everybody happy sunday starting a little later than usual today had some things to get done earlier in the day hope everybody's doing well pin all right before we get into our topic today we're gonna have a little bit of a drinky drink today i'm just drinking a straight plain coffee black it's a colombian uh colombian very smooth mild roast i don't drink super strong coffee i mean i guess it's strong it's just not acidic i don't think uh coffee should be overly acidic um didn't make my usual espresso in the morning just drinking straight black coffee curious to hear what what you guys like to drink first thing in the morning yeah this is like really silky smooth just kind of rolls off your palate really nice if you're watching this now or uh offline tell me what you like to what kind of coffee you like to drink what's your favorite and don't tell me starbucks because that's not really it's not really coffee i joke it's coffee it's just not the good kind yeah i'm telling you if you haven't had this this is a prosciutto my one of my favorite local roasters here in chandler arizona and i'm telling you very difficult to match the flavor that they get from this coffee bean very difficult i don't think i've ever tasted coffee as smooth uh as bold they're really able to control the acidity in their bean probably because they grow the bean and of themselves on their own farm in brazil and they ship it here they roast it here you know exactly when it was roasted and you know exactly what you're drinking single origin great stuff quality control not the over burnt stuff that you have to add a bunch of sugar a bunch of sweetener too somebody asked me once why i drink two different cups of coffee uh and this is a little technique i picked up this is actually a cup of water so you drink water in between your swigs what happens is you get a different um different taste in your palate because the coffee is not just sitting on your tongue the whole time mind blown i know it's really smart new way to enjoy coffee anyhow um today's topic is kind of interesting controversial but then again we don't talk about anything that's not controversial uh only fans so most of you know what only fans is subscription-based platform where content creators can sell their content on a monthly subscription basis and on a asynchronous basis you can request content and the content creator can produce it for you for a price price that you set as a content creator uh just so happens to be that most of the content is adult in nature so nudes or lingerie pics modeling pics but there are musicians on only fans there are trainers fitness buffs on only fans i'm sure there are chefs and cooks on only fans just like anything else you can you can make it whatever you want to make it build a following base subscriber base and uh create some content and so of course uh you know started off in london and what do people do with with platforms that have anything to do with sharing pics automatically people start leaning towards um you know adult content interesting what does it say about us as human beings i don't know i think it is a uh just an interesting concept anyway only fans so i don't know if you guys heard but a few days ago a mother of three 44 year old mother of three her pictures were sort of leaked if you will to the parishioners and the bishop and the principal of her children's catholic school so this mom has a ten-year-old or eight-year-old 10 year old and a 12 year old she's out of sacramento california and you know somebody uh some i think it was a dad actually caught her profile on only fans and um it it kind of just went viral from there in the sense that within the community that oh did you know this mom whose children go to our school has an only fans page oh what's an only fans page and they printed off her pictures and they shared it with a bunch of parents and uh some of the moms did what uh most moms do they tried to figure out how to get back at her or teach her a lesson i don't know um and essentially they made it a point to make sure that the catholic community and certainly the school that our kids go to were aware of the only fans pictures hey brian um and so what happens when a catholic school gets a hold of your only fans pictures what do you think's gonna happen total retaliation so her children were essentially kicked out of school and um you know what the the basis for kicking the kids out of the school it's a private school i'm presuming it's a catholic school so it is a private school um was look we don't tolerate you know this sort of sense of morality from people who attend our schools or send their kids to schools and so um interestingly enough you know crystal's uh only fan's account is not descriptive meaning it doesn't say that this is you know crystal jackson's account and she doesn't promote it offline meaning well she promotes it offline but she doesn't tie her name to it so she's not trying to necessarily she's not necessarily trying to tell the world that this is her she's created a different persona online and one thing you'll know about online personas is you may not recognize the person when you see them in the flesh even if it's somebody you know you may not and that's sort of the beauty of being a content creator on the internet you can do things that don't necessarily have to be associated with your real identity or who you are as a person uh you might be doing it um to make a living to make an honest living as they say uh you're not cheating anybody and you know you're doing it to sort of separate from your personal life and it sounds like that's what she's doing so of course what happens parishioners find out school finds out they kick the kids out and eventually gets viral so the timeline of this is kind of interesting um so crystal started her account in and when asked why she started her account it was something a friend of hers had told her about because she said hey listen i'm menopausal and my sex life is not really what it used to be and somebody suggested only fans um and so she tried it with the you know the permission and knowledge of her husband um and uh they both agreed that they would try this out hey whatever floats your boat you know if that's what's going to put the spark back in your marriage then who am i to tell you not to do it uh so this 44 year old mom in 2019 started her account and i think by her statements she says her first month she made about 13 000 bucks being a part-time model um in my understanding i don't know where crystal works but my understanding is she's a tech uh she's a technology executive um in sacramento california and so 13 000 a month is pretty good beans for a content creation hobby right whether the content's music or pictures or whatever it is that's a pretty good sum of money so she continued next month went to 15. gradually you know grew from there and my understanding is today that my mind was a little blown when i heard this number my understanding is today she makes about a hundred and fifty thousand dollars a month hundred and fifty thousand dollars a month um selling her pictures and by reading the articles that i've read where she's quoted according to her only 20 30 percent of her pictures involved nudity so most of the pictures are her wearing uh you know bikinis lingerie uh what she describes as tasteful pictures okay tastefuls in the eye of the beholder uh that's that's you know that's for you to decide but um they're not pornographic in nature according to her and there are some nudes 20 to 30 percent 150 000 a month dollars a month from a hobby something that she was looking to really do to spice up her marriage and i find that to be very very fascinating but anyway i think the response is even more interesting so you know the catholic school and and we'll talk about you know morality here and whether there's a right and wrong but what's interesting about this is that you know the school if you're a catholic school and you find out that you know you've got three kids from this mom at your school i'm assuming catholic schools teach morality they teach you know theology they teach doctrine they want their their their students uh to be very moral and ethical people whatever compass that is that's fine it's a scripture-based theology right um why would you kick them out of school think about that for a second wouldn't you say we're not we're not going to kick you out of school we're actually going to put you in the after school special um you know comedy aside i think if you are a religious institution which you are your catholic school you're a religious institution and you have a problem with what the parents of one of your of three of your students what they're involved in and you believe it hits a it falls on the moral map in a way that is often a far island wouldn't you want to bring them back into the mainland of morality and ethics and religion and theology according to what you believe it is just a question i would think so i would say hey kids come let's let's let's huddle by the fire everything okay at home what's going on at home okay and then talk to the parents hey we found this pic we found these pictures we found this profile which footnote who found it and how they found it we'll come back to that but they find these pictures talk to the mom hey is everything going on okay at home are you all right you know we saw these pictures you know we don't maybe personally know and i don't know if the if the bishop and the principal knew the mom very well i don't know how close these people are to each other but the question still stands don't you approach her first and say listen we think this is against our our religion we think this is against the moral compass or moral code that we have here and um you know you need to stop doing this and if you don't stop doing this then um we have to figure out what to do and people learn about it um it sounds like the way this actually went down was you know she was discovered or it was discovered that she was doing this sometime in june of 2020 which means it took a solid you know six months or seven months before the school took any action it's interesting so it was a handful of parents who basically wanted to burn her at the stake and say we got to do something we got to do something we got to do something certainly wasn't automatic um i don't know how long the principal knew i don't know how long the bishop knew but from what i am reading online according to her you know she was discovered or found out uh in june of 2020 so why did it take so long to boot the kids out just just an interesting question second question i'm really wondering about is who's the dad that found her kind of a double standard here um you know if this is the moral compass that you're teaching what about the parents that are proliferating her image all over the parish and all over the school i mean what we read is that several moms you know many families were distributing her photos query that for a second i mean isn't that kind of hypocritical if you were if you believe that somebody in your community again putting this into the context in which it is which is it's a it's a religious institution if you knew that an attendee at your religious institution was engaged in something that you believed was contrary to the theology how do you how do you handle that do you just go and and smear them and say burn them at the stake let's put them in town square and hang them and light them on fire i mean that's what they did to her essentially it's truly embarrassing for somebody who's trying to maintain some level of confidentiality or do you approach them in a more tactful manner and say listen you know do we need to talk do you need marital help do you need counseling because that's what she says she she published the reason why she started publishing these images anyways was to add some more flair back into her marriage so why query the decision by the school boot the kids out what do the kids have to do with this anyway i mean in a way you know you're making a statement that we don't want anyone associated with our school that's associated with things really really do we really need to go there um do you do you play private moral police with all of the attendees of your catholic church your catholic school i don't know i you know i i'm not necessarily arguing one way or another but i think we have to ask these questions i don't think we just simply be okay with the fact that i mean come on she's she's sharing these you know controversial pictures of course her kids are going to get booted out of catholic school i don't know i i don't know that i agree with that automatically i think if if somebody's having the hard time that she was having um which she uses to support her basis for why she started in the first place um you know i i think you need to question the school's decision to do what they did the other thing that i think you need to consider she is a 44 44 year old technology executive from sacramento i don't think she was hurting for money i don't think according to her she was shocked she made 13 grand the first 13 14 000 a month the first month she she thought who's going to want to see this mom you know as she called herself who's going to want to see this this mom the soccer mom so to speak in my you know uh risque pictures right she was doing it for a different reason to feel good about herself uh she was doing it to add some buzz and some flair into her marriage she doesn't claim that it was to make money um certainly that changed i mean 150 000 a month no matter what part of the country you're in is a lot of money um so you're making over a million dollars a a year as a hobbyist and in her mind uh this is completely separate and distinct from from her kids education and she says she wanted her kids um to be you know to go to a catholic so i think that's the more even troubling part of this is this is a woman who's saying listen i i have a certain uh you know there's a moral tension here but i still want my kids to be raised in a theolo theology like catholicism and go to a private and the school says no thank you i mean questionable it's it's questionable um i think that you know whenever you look at these issues you have to also consider again i'm a lawyer so i look at the legal side of this what's what are the legal implications so you have people who took her pictures and disseminated them that's unquestionably effect is that a tort that was committed i think so did they infringe her right uh to not to for did they infringe her right to distribute her own images as she saw fit i think so um certainly i think it's a violation of only fans terms of service uh which don't allow the dissemination of these images i mean somebody bought these pictures from her think about that some parent went on there paid money as a straw man or straw woman got her photos and decided to spread them think about again i think if you have a if you have a problem with what she's doing i think you approach her i don't think you disseminate her photograph that tells me i mean that's like that is literally hanging her at the stake this is literally the definition of that you are taking her down you want to torture her you want to embarrass her you want her kids to get booted out of school um she's still the same person she was before you discovered what she was doing and if you think you're if you're a friend or you're you know you're a participant in her church don't you think you should talk to her maybe she is suffering from something did you ask her i just think that the manner in which this happened really speaks to uh sort of the treachery behind this so that's one side of the story there's another side of the story which is don't all content creators take a risk that the content that they put out and distribute and promote um will cause some sort of personal a backlash or personal criticisms that goes for any content if you're a musician and you play guitar and you put it on youtube and people are saying your music sucks uh isn't that the risk you take it is the risk you take not only is it the risk you take but i think you have to have thick skin and understand that from the moment that you publish your photos or your videos right or your music whatever the content is your artwork um at the same time at the same time i'm pretty sure she realized that at some point somebody would discover who she is and i think if you make the argument well rice you assume the risk you know you put anything out there it's got your face on it it might not say you know crystal jackson in the account but anybody in your community certainly who discovers this they're gonna know it's you right you may not know it by the name and the profile but you're gonna know it by the picture in the profile perhaps um yeah there's merits to that argument for sure i i think it's it's it's a slippery slope as they say because on one hand you're not associating your real name with the content you're anonymous or pseudo-anonymous and trying to keep it under lock and key to some degree um in this instance obviously the husband knew the husband was supportive of his wife the kids didn't know um the mom says that the crystal says that she had to tell her kids that um you know mom was you know you were kicked out of school because mom was doing online modeling you know that's a weird conversation to have with your kids i mean kids are you know if your kids are eight two ten and twelve i think the twelve reown twelve-year-old will be suspicious of what kind of modeling it was that got mom in trouble but the eight and ten-year-old have probably don't have much of a clue i don't know but again i think going back and looking at this as an attorney as an attorney i mean are there legal implications to the uh this this crystal let me ask you this way does crystal have a cause of action against any of the individuals who went to her profile paid for the pictures disseminated distributed the images with the intent to cause her reputational harm and malign her and i think the answer is yes um depends on the cause of action that we could raise certainly a tortious interference it's an intentional interference the question is was it an interference that the law would recognize is improper and now we get into the issues where the the law is as a dinosaur doesn't catch up to contemporary issues and maybe there has to be a case that's litigated uh where a person where a person you know voluntarily uh engages in some sort of content creation and somebody grabs the content and says did you know this person did this and you know impacted the person professionally i think that's still torturous interference i think that's still um an interference that was unwarranted unless these people have a duty to talk right so like let's say uh the principal himself was on only fans probably don't doubt that and he found these pictures and he said oh isn't this crystal doesn't she have three kids here i have i have an obligation now maybe he had an obligation maybe there's a moral code a written code a handbook that says you know if you engage in certain conduct then as an employee you have to report it and uh once you report it um we have the discretion to take whatever actions we need to protect the church or the school so so maybe he had a right to do that but that's not the story here the story here is a group of people a dad found it query dad found it and just get you know told other people about it and they burned her at the stake that's those are the facts we haven't under those facts i don't think that that's a a lawful way to deal with this issue again moral issues aside if you were attending her church or you were a a parent in the same school how would you approach this issue would you approach it in the same way that the school did would you attack her would you malign her um clearly she had issues which she herself has not acknowledged in her marriage and she was trying to find a solution what did you do to help her if if your so-called mission is to with any institution or any school is to help the parents and and students um and teachers and faculty and and to make them better people uh build a moral compass that is closely aligned with the theology in which you believe then have you accomplished that or is this retribution and this to me is retribution um did they have a legal right to do it they probably did i'm sure the catholic institution where her kids attend to have a handbook like i said a handbook some policy or unwritten policy and even if they didn't um you know a religious institution a private institution has a lot of leeway in terms of what they can and can't do and um so long as it's not you know violating the law of course you can't discriminate against people right you still have civil rights that can't be violated et cetera but i think the point is that um this is this is an interesting question and i i'm sure she's not the first i think this one made headlines just because um i think the fact pattern is a little more interesting right because it's edgy you have a catholic school here you have a 44 44 year old tech executive mom with three kids and so the story is very different it's very unique making 150 000 a month and again she claims that she didn't start doing this for the money it was because her marriage was falling apart and her and her husband agreed that this is what they would do to add some flair who are we to question that uh only she can speak to that right but i think if you take all the facts into consideration um then you analyze this and you go beyond knee-jerk reactions i am not sure i am not sure that the school did the right thing and i'm curious to hear what all of you think i'm curious to hear what other questions we have to ask um you know do you as an institution publish a policy that says we're not gonna tolerate uh people on this platform using the platform watching this platform you know do you enforce it um i'm sure there will be policies that are put into place by the institution now but i'm not sure that this was i'm not sure that this played off fairly and um you know this is something that's been been going on for months it was it was going on for months and so clearly the school didn't think just to fire or kick out her kids i should say um immediately right and that's the thing what i what i think is interesting is clearly there was some debate on this what should we do it wasn't it went on for months again if school discovered this in june 2020 um she was just her kids were just booted out of school a few days ago right that's that's a timeline so what was happening in that timeline there was considerations it clearly was not a unanimous or at least it wasn't an immediately unanimous decision um i thought this was an interesting quote i thought this was an interesting quote i'm going to read this quote that she gave uh let's see in the year 2021 here we are trying to bring a woman down for her choices in what she does with her it's body shaming and bullying all encompassed into one and it's such a double standard and disturbing i've never gone in other people's business and i'm not judging you for your choices if women could just support each other the world would be such a better place i agree that there's a double standard i mean you have to accept that there's a double standard what happened to the to the parents that were purchasing these pictures um you don't just happen to stumble upon them clearly because your account is not marked according to her you know her her account i i tagged it in our um in our promotion for today's live her tag is somewhere here anyway it's non-descript meaning it doesn't have her name and you would not according to the way the platform works you don't have access to these photos unless you bought them so again you went on this platform parent of this catholic school and you disseminated them you purchased them you were obviously looking at them and you were distributing them is there any consequence for that or is that person protected because their intentions were different i'm talking about in terms of in terms of the school and the implications of school as so there's all these questions i find it to be just fascinating because i think there are double standards here there's always double standards um i think there's some hypocrisy going on here i think you know should they or shouldn't they have done what they did ultimately it's it's it seems like they have a right i'm sure they have a legal right to do what they did uh in the sense that in the sense that the school could kick the kids out for any reason you know and moral according to their morality and their theology i'm just wondering if we shouldn't ask more questions about this because to me it's it's still a little unsettling in the way in which it came out and maybe we don't have all the facts yet maybe maybe there's more to this maybe the school tried to reach out to her and tried to talk to her and see if there were problems that they could help with if there was counseling and and those kinds of things i don't know but um this is an ever more popular topic uh leaks on only fans people being harassed um and again i understand both sides right i've seen both sides of this one side is you know if you are a content creator on any platform let alone you know nude pictures or risky pictures um there's going to be backlash and and people will discover it and you have open to those criticisms and you have to recognize that those things will happen and you can't simply act like you have no idea that someone's going to discover your only fans page or whatever content it is that you're producing at the same time at the same time when you take steps to sort of create a disconnect in the in the chain if you will leading back to you um you know you have a right to remain anonymous online and this is protected speech the content on only fans is protected speech according to the us constitution under the first amendment and you engage in protected speech and somebody lashes out against you is that okay and i know that's a broad categorization of this but i think it's just an interesting question uh there are dilemmas here there are there are um tensions i think and and i believe i believe that the the more this continues to happen meaning backlash because you have a particular uh account or a particular lifestyle that we discovered and i shouldn't even say lifestyle and this is a hobby that turned into a you know a money-making opportunity for many of these people i think we're going to continue to see this this question of hey what should happen to this person should they lose their job if i as an employer don't agree with with the content that they're distributing um with where this puts me in terms of the moral compass or perhaps with my investors or the people that i report to the people on on the board the people you know the institutions the bishops you know the principles etc uh and i think it's just a really it's going to be an interesting time as as as people discover more and more content creators who are on this platform uh who they disagree with i mean what if she was you know what if she was um what if she was a a uh rock music creator and she liked to play in bars and clubs and she played heavy metal or death metal music and you disagreed with that would that is that the same or is it is it something specific about explicit photography [Music] yeah probably the explicit photography right it's probably not the same as playing a different kind of music than you like um and again i i'm not questioning i'm not questioning um whether the institution is allowed to have a moral compass that they enforce according to their theology i think that's perfectly fine and i'm sure there's documents you sign when you as a parent when you put your kids into a catholic school i'm sure or any any religious school um i just questioned the way this all went down and again i think it's funny that if you have kids in your school in your institution and you believe the parents conduct doesn't meet the code or violates some principle of morality don't you do something other than kick them out don't you say let's put them in the after school special let's actually keep you in the institution maybe you need more more moral training or theological understanding do you just kick them out i think that sends a different message and again i haven't seen or read anything that says that the the school uh in which her children attended uh engaged in any of this it sounds like it took months for for this decision to happen that there there was you know not everybody may have agreed with it or for maybe it's because it was during the summer and school was off and administration is slow but the pictures were leaked to the months and months before any action was taken by the school so i kind of questioned what happened that took so long if in fact this was a clear violation of of your of your principles or of your of your policies um anyway i tend to agree that this was probably not the best approach it was the ultimate you know conclusion correct i think that's in the eye of the beholder i think you have to decide uh based on the facts whether this was the right thing for a catholic school to do um in light of the circumstances i don't know that this is something that is open and shut as we tend to believe it is i don't know i don't know what you think i'd love to hear your opinion leave us a comment tell us what you um in the meantime i'm sure we'll see more and more cases of this we've gotten plenty of calls uh from people who are only fans content creators having their photos and videos leaked uh people saying you know relationships were ruined you know relationships with with professionals and and their parents were ruined uh they thought they had it under control you know they marketed their account in an anonymous way using some other channel and uh the creators are now being harassed and their their professionalized destroyed etc we've gotten you know over 20 calls on this just in the last you know 35 to 40 days and so this is a growing problem um and you know moral questions i think need to be answered by individuals legal questions can be answered by the courts and that's what we intend to do when we see these kinds of cases but i just think it's an interesting controversy that is not going away anytime soon and i'm sure we'll see plenty of headlines i think recently there was even a police officer who um police officer and then i think there was a nurse right i mean this is everyday people content creators what are you gonna do anyway interesting conversation um if you have questions about what to do if if you're a content producer you can certainly send them to us if you have questions on the scope of what's protected when you are such a creator certainly send them to us or if you just have comments about this situation and crystal jackson and her kids getting kicked out of catholic school or if you have an opinion on this strongly one way or another we'd love to hear about it um i don't think this is such an easy answer to a very uh gr for a growing problem uh and hopefully the the harassment and all the evil um you know evil things that people are doing to her and her family stop i don't think that it's it's fair uh at the same time i do think that when you become a content creator of something controversial like this that you have to anticipate that some of these things are going to happen i don't think that you go into this thinking everything's going to be roses by any stretch at any rate that's all that i had for guys today kind of short and sweet um i think content creators should recognize i guess in closing a couple of remarks content creators have rights content creators have uh particularly on this platform have rights they have contractual rights they have rights by statutory law depending on the jurisdiction that you're in um you know if i'm if i'm her attorney i'm looking at this i'm think i'm wondering whether you know aside from the copyright issues she may not be able to sue for damages of course on the copyright side if she hasn't filed for copyright but she could still get an injunction if they're still being distributed she might have a privacy claim she might have a defamation claim uh if they're only saying truthful statements she may have a false like claim depending on what they're associating with her or maybe she doesn't have any claim at all um i i know that california does have a revenge porn statute uh i don't know if this qualifies under the statute that'll be interesting if if anyone's ever has looked at that analysis i'd be curious to see what the outcome is at any rate this will not be the last time that we talk about this issue um only fans ever growing platform whether you like it or you don't like it the truth of the matter is that we are in a time where this platform is growing i know when when when instagram first came out many people didn't like it didn't go anywhere it didn't go anywhere in the sense that it's it's here to stay many people didn't like tick tock many people didn't like a lot of different things doesn't matter what you like or not the truth of the matter is those platforms exist they're they're here if you want to do something about it great if you want to uh defend the rights of people who are victims of of crimes of civil wrongdoings wonderful the laws exist for a reason the laws sometimes have to sometimes have to fit into a you know a square peg when they're around object um i screwed up that saying but you get my point uh the idea is that we're catching up to the law is catching up to these platforms and the issues that are arising on these platforms and you have to understand what the law has to say or you don't have to participate in the conversation nobody cares what you think i've said this before nobody cares what you think if it's an unsupported you know unsubstantiated argument and it's just you know throwing spaghetti at the wall nobody cares about that what people care about and certainly what judges and courts and other lawyers care about are well reasoned arguments that are supported by the facts that are supported by the law and uh perhaps on in this circumstance there are arguments on both sides as there always are it's never as clean cut and black and white as people say but i think there will be a growing trend of these issues happening and i think the law will eventually catch up people will use existing problems like this to draw analogies to um to protect content creators on this platform so i think with that being said i think that wraps up today's coffee and conversations if you have any questions comments please drop them below let us know what you think and until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeardLawyerOne [2 likes]: Playing moral police is a tough job - what do you think of the outcome??
  2. @yanzannick1364: haha serves her right. she got off light though. she can just move to another place and change her social circle and still keep showing her goods online tho 😂
  3. @MiaLovetree: When it comes to the private schools yes I "kind of" understand kicking the kids out but this other case I heard about where a mom was simply banned from volunteering at her kid's school...that's completely ridiculous!  

But also, what the private school did was draw massive negative attention to THEMSELVES. They should have done all this in complete private with the private school attorney FIRST. 

Sounds to me like the school doesn't even have a decent process of keeping themselves legally compliant by hiring a PR firm and attorney.

- Koko in India Mms video|koko in India viral video|koko in India video|Russian girl: Kind: captions Language: en What, what, have n't you seen Coco's video yet, brother, if you haven't seen it, then first watch this video, it's not that you just closed this video and went away, that thing went viral everywhere, and it was viral everywhere on TV, in the news, everywhere, it was Coco, we are ashamed that you were treated like this in India, the boys did wrong, etc., etc., it was widely circulated, so at that time, we all felt that not every Russian girl is wrong, not every Russian girl comes for 6000, I mean, you must have heard in India, what is the rate brother for Russian, ₹ 6000, watch this video, kids, please don't watch this, I apologize with folded hands, and this video is just me, I am telling you why Coco has gone viral again, look, Coco is already a big star, a whoopi star, but the videos that Coco makes till now, I will show you one thing, Coco, before Coco, watch this, hello my friends, this was my longest and tiring journey, I was coming to India and the first step was St. Petersburg, what happens in Russian The girl is speaking in Hindi, meaning India, so people think, wow, she has done something good, meaning she knows Hindi as well, and when an English person comes and speaks Hindi, we like it a lot, it feels very different, that yes, let these people learn our language, that is why she was famous in India and she used to come to India again and again, do shopping, surfing, make blogs, but she means she also makes such videos, but till now no one was confirmed because if you go to search, there are millions, crores, who knows how many such videos there are on the net, that is why no one can find Coco like this, the video that Coco made and uploaded, she made it in Hindi and from there she was caught, those people came to know that Coco, so this is the same Coco who is Utter Coco, who is from Russia, and she liked it, I will not be able to show it in the entire video, nor do I want to show it, those boys who teased Coco, that time it was two-three years ago when these boys teased her, who knows, earlier Do you know Coco? Who knows, they might have already seen Coco's video, that's why they should express their feelings. Coco. Hey, come on, whatever the cost, what do you guys think? What is your opinion? Tell me in the comments. For now, don't go searching for anything that comes to India in a wrong way. But now, after watching this video, after going on YouTube, you made such a video. As far as I feel, that is Coco. What is your opinion? Tell me in the comments. For now, I would like to apologize to those boys, but that was wrong. That too, the time when those boys teased her like that. But yes, tell me, do you already know Coco? We have just now seen this face of Coco. Because Sunny Leone, whoever she was, did not know what videos she used to make before? Because after seeing everyone, she became famous after coming to Bigg Boss, but many people must have seen her even before that. But what if she gets the respect, then the person who knows firsthand what work she does, no work. I cannot decide whether it is wrong or wrong, but I am talking about respect, right now Coco, don't come to India now because your video has gone viral in India, you should stay outside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JMTS5566 [22 likes]: ONLY FANS ki model hai ye....bahot videos hai iski. Mere paas saari videos hai
  2. @Ajeetjha3311 [16 likes]: Yeh ese thumbnail banake hi esne  viral kiya. Aaj us ladki ke saath india me galat kiya, kaash es youtuber ki sister hoti
  3. @navinsoni6494 [6 likes]: Her real name.. Miranda Stunning. Now u can search 😂
  4. @NallaEmperor [5 likes]: Abe ai video hoga
  5. @Shrotsvido [3 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  6. @Henryyanz [2 likes]: Shut your mouth bro 🤬
  7. @Devaaii [1 likes]: Namaste mere dosto
  8. @jeevarajharidas9812 [1 likes]: Bhai link milega kya 😝
  9. @tanvi_k2230: Bhaiya ye aap konsi line me aagaye
  10. @LSBLOG-i6b: Thambnail badiya tha👍😂😂
  11. @def_sroot7439: hhh
  12. @kiranc6319: 😂😂😂
  13. @anony9035: Are you very sure that she is a p*******??... Don't you have any shame telling such a shitty things about this foreigner??... What if any other person says anything about your mom or sis??... She is a Russian that doesn't means you will say anything about her... She is a pure and honest russian and besides that she also representing India along with it's culture... So please before saying anything about Russian girls, women,,, first think about your family
  14. @imarankhan1944: 👉💩👉💩👉💩👉💩👉💩🥴👉🥴💩👉🥴💩👉🥴💩👉🥴💩👉💩👉🥴💩👉💩👉💩👉💩👉🥴💩👉
  15. @bibhuranjandubey7670: Koko ab badal gayi sunny leone ko izat mil sakta hai to koko ko kyu nahi
  16. @tosavesanatan: किसी भी लड़की के लिए ऐसा नहीं बोलना चाहिए रशियन को तो बिल्कुल नहीं । वो लड़के तो पक्के h the ,,,। I support coco। India me tahmad ke agle bhag me खुजलाते इकबपुरी जमात मिल मिल जाएगी। Hate then
  17. @Mkumar-45-4: Tera behen ki rate kitna bol 300 ki
  18. @RAWATY31: 😂😂
  19. @pearls678: hum b dekh hy video
  20. @BirmohanKalai: Hi

- Only Fans model humiliates men: Kind: captions Language: en get on your knees there you go is she feeling his heartbeat on your knees well uh sure [Music] yeah ah W cross only fans how much money would you say you donated probably just shy of about 10 grand maybe four or five grand a

  Top Comments:
  1. @balkangains [1400 likes]: Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
--Plato




Join Our Server : https://discord.gg/CtrZdyV3AT
  2. @sagittariusa5642 [5 likes]: That’s why not all male beings are considered men
  3. @YURIO_TEEZ [2 likes]: Am I the only submissive woman who likes controlling man…
  4. @calebroberson1049 [2 likes]: I have a family with 3 kids, work my ballsack off every day, then have to see how these pathetic weaklings spend 10K on porn when I can barely afford groceries.
  5. @G.W.S-O4 [1 likes]: Simps
  6. @marloumaiels5626 [1 likes]: Гы гы гы возместим
  7. @smrdljivogovno3 [1 likes]: This is my type of woman
  8. @notBaby_L [1 likes]: I only kneel to god 👌
  9. @sheetalseth6334 [1 likes]: So when men are going to play victim card and hold accountability like seriously?
  10. @Itss.azzault: I only bow to my creator nobody else☝🏻
  11. @CPlayzzWA: The end is near. Trust and believe in God before it's too late.
  12. @mell_hae: Brutal
  13. @PrinceJaiswal-e5i: Be a sigma not simp
  14. @Victor-gs1wh: To offend the reception of the Body of Christ in this way will not go unpunished for these soulless actors.
  15. @justsomeguywholikesmangoes1363: Loving the chad vomiting clip lmao
  16. @medixforchune9958: Well. I’ve discovered something about myself.
  17. @AsrenCancel: That's some Denji x Makima shit bro 💀😂
  18. @chonkxx: an honorable man would never go so low. btw who is the girl
  19. @yoteslaya7296: meowri has been run through more than euro rail
  20. @tofu_it981: LUCKY GUY

- How To Prevent Admins Change Channel Info on Telegram (Updated): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome. If you want to keep your Telegram channels information secure and prevent other admins from making unauthorized changes, you're in the right place. Today, I'll walk you through the updated steps to restrict admin permissions and ensure only trusted individuals can update your channel details. Start by opening your Telegram app. Once you're in, navigate to the channel you manage. You'll see your list of chats. Just tap on the channel where you want to adjust the settings. Now, tap on the channel name at the top of your screen. This will bring up the channel's main info page where you can see details like the channel description, member count, and more. Look for the edit button, usually represented by a pencil icon, and tap on it to access the editing options. Next, find and select the administrators section. Here, you'll see a list of everyone who currently has admin privileges in your channel. Scroll through the list and tap on the admin whose permissions you want to change. A menu will appear showing all the rights this admin currently has. Look for the option labeled change channel info. This permission allows an admin to edit things like the channels name, photo, and description. To prevent this admin from making changes, simply toggle the change channel info switch off. Once you've made your selection, don't forget to save your changes. This step is crucial. If you skip it, your new settings won't take effect. Repeat these steps for any other admins you want to restrict. By doing this, you ensure that only authorized users can update your channels information, keeping your Telegram channel organized and secure. That's all it takes. With just a few taps, you can confidently manage admin permissions and protect your channel from unwanted edits. Thanks for tuning in and happy channel managing.

- How To Secure Telegram Account 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, in today's video I am going to guide you how your account will be secured, so simply click on this option, after clicking, first I will make you do privacy settings which will be helpful in protecting and securing your account, first you have to click on last seen and online, from here you have to remove everyone and make no buts and click on the done button in the top right corner and click ok from here, then this will be the first setting, after this click on profile photos and from here make it in my contacts and click done in the same corner, now the last and third privacy setting is of groups, so click on groups, after clicking, from here click on these also on my contacts and click done, so these will be our privacy settings, now we have to do three security settings, two settings, we will do as many as there are, here to secure your account, we will apply two steps, we will apply two steps on two step verification By clicking, click on the set password from here and from here enter a password which you will have, so enter the password from here, let me enter my password, after entering the password, click on this option above the continue button here and paste the retyped password and click on the continue button, so after entering the new password from here, if it is not matching then check it properly, after clicking, there is a password hint, so anyone can see it here, it happens like this in the password hint, give a separate password, if you forget this password then you will be able to open it with this password end, you can also skip it simply, and if you do not want to give it then I will not skip from here, I will add now the recovery email, you have to add the recovery email here, it is important for the security of the account, so as soon as you add the recovery email here, then a section code will go on the recovery email added, enter that here, so in my above email box It has arrived, I will enter here simply because I am getting you to set strong privacy and security settings and I have also done these settings myself because there are a lot of chances of hacking here, later it is asking to change the password, so you have to skip it, this is our first setting, after this there is the option of pass code, we will skip that too because that is also not such an important setting, by doing these privacy and security settings guys, in 2022 you can

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShahzadKhan-x9k [1 likes]: Thanks bhai
  2. @DesiRojgartv [1 likes]: Santosh Pandit
  3. @khileshjaiswal: Bhai mere , 2 step verification samne wala banda 30 sec me tod rha hai,...koi trick kam nhi aa rhi,... Pahuche huye hacker se pala pad gya 😅
  4. @Reaj_1111: Nice information
  5. @looteraking9502: Hlo Sir Kisi ne Mera telegram channel ko Hack Kr liya hai,Kaise pta chlega kisne Kiya aur Wapis kaise milega
  6. @sunitass3628: Sir jo itni sare chat message aaye bhut logo k unko kaise off krna h
  7. @RAKESH_SQUAD: Bro only 2 step verification is enough to protect our account.....
Why u saying to change profile photo option to our contact
  8. @ErrorAk008: Delete my account kya hai 1year 🤔🙄🤔🙄🤔🙄🤔🙄 pls help
  9. @Short_Video_86: Abbas bahi Nyx💪😎
  10. @oprazii8262: Nice video
  11. @irfankohati8211: Up.  ne.  hm.  ko.  massanger.  se.  Q.  block kia.  hy. . . . .  ?
  12. @sorry-noobgaming300: Twitter account heck ho gaya please
  13. @sorry-noobgaming300: Please bhaijaan help me

- Telegram OSINT Basics | Privacy & Public Data Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Do you also use Telegram? Do you think your identity is safe there? So this video is going to be very important for you. So you have to watch this video carefully and watch it till the end and if you like the video then like the video and if you are on the channel for the first time then subscribe to the channel. So guys welcome [music] back to Hack Ethics where we talk cybersecurity, ethical hacking, and real tech. So guys, today's topic is going to be ours, that is Ocent, open source intelligent. If we want to collect information of any person [music], then we can do it through Ocent, which is done by forensic [music] team, which [sound of singing] cyber cell people do, and the ethical hacker [music] also collects information of any person in the same way by using Ocent. So guys, whatever information we collect here is available in open source. So whatever activity I'm going to do in this video [music] I'm going to do on my own device. Whatever information I show, I will blur it and show it [music]. And this video is for education and awareness purposes. So no one will misuse this video. Ok? Nor do we promote any illegal [music] activity here [sound of clearing throat]. Whatever I tell you here, whatever tools etc. I show you, I show them in open format so that you can keep your devices and [music] yourself safe. So guys let's start the video without wasting time. [Music] Let's go to our mobile screens. You can also go to the laptop. We just have to login to the Telegram account. So [music] you guys just have to login to your account on Telegram and whoever does not have a Telegram account can create it from here. And you all must know how to create an account [music]. And here you can see that this is a Telegram bot, it extracts the number from the Telegram username itself. Ok and this is the URL of this Telegram bot, I will provide it to you in the description. You can open it directly from there. And as you can see [music] here I can select any one person. And I would recommend you not to try it on anyone without permission. No, we do not promote any illegal activity here on YouTube at all. So as you can see, I sent this username to this Telegram bot and selected Telegram, then it told us the chat and mobile number and it also told us the information about which contact [Sangeet] chats with the most [Sangeet]. So guys you can see how powerful this boat is and it is free. If you guys don't support this video then I can also close this bot. Okay, so we have to support and share this video as much as possible. And if you like this video then you should also like the video. And now here you can see that our Oscent GPT is another tool which is our bot. So I will tell you how to use this also. So here I have entered the slush name and number. The same number which is derived from the username. So we have got its [music] information here. And you can pause the video and watch it. You guys can also try [music]. But let me tell you here that this number info bot is paid. [Music] You'll see a 180 here. This is a one month subscription. You can take this. You guys can send as much as you want. Then here you guys are fine [Music] so by entering the help command here you can also check its help menu, how can we protect any number [Music] then any member from this group will not be able to get its information, like [Music] you can see that here I used this command like this, then maybe there is a network issue here, that is why it is not working, so sometimes an error comes in it [Music] sometimes it comes by chance only, okay. So it remains working and I will also tell you here how to use it. Ok. But [Music] In this video I told you about two Telegram bots, one of which is Telegram bot [Music] which is free and the other one is paid. So here is this Telegram bot ocet [music] gpt, how to use it. I will provide its URL in the description. So as soon as you start it, you will see something like this. Its [Music] commands and so on will be seen. How to use it. So first of all here you will be asked to join this [music] channel. You have to join all the channels. And don't forget to join the main [music] group. Ok? The last two have to be done. So if you enter any number here [music] then this information will tell us about it. And again here I tell you guys that this video [music] is for education and awareness purpose. No one will misuse this video. Ok? [Music] If you want, you can also support us on Telegram here, YouTube and ina. Both URLs are posted here. So by clicking on Premium here you can see in how much time you will get the premium subscription here. How much time is it going to take and for how many days is the [music] subscription going to be available. You can check this properly here. And let me tell you one more time here. No one will do any illegal activity here. And if you try it on someone else, you should do it only after taking permission. [Music] And you guys have to read our terms and conditions here. So check this boat thoroughly. So you people must have understood how to use it. [Music] Now that guy here, neither the guy in front of you has removed the username [Music]. Still we are not getting any information. So here we will search the chat ID bot. Then [music] Here we will select the person in front of us. Like here I can select any random person [music]. Okay, so here I selected this and it gave us its username and that ID [music]. So what do I do here now? We travel in the same boat which is free. I have put a limit there. You can only use this boat three times a day [music]. Why has a limit been imposed? Because most of the members will use it more, then traffic will come there. Due to the influx of traffic, our API will crash. So here right now we mean that there is a limit, so that is why I am doing it from another account. [MUSIC] So it's not happening. So you guys can try it the next day. So you can extract it from both the username and this. So actually we call it Ocean and this is private data. Ok? So you guys won't find it so easily anywhere [even on music]. And you or anyone else can collect this kind of information. How can you stay safe from such attacks? Use temporary number, temporary email ID. So guys, I'll see you in the next video with a new topic. So till then bye-bye and stay safe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @helmetofflover1522: Bade bhaiya abhi mere 12th khtm ho gye ab bsc karu ya bca cyber security learner hu btech afford nhi kr skta to
  2. @a.mgaming7528: sir how can we make this bot or no. info bot plz make vid.
  3. @WeiKlinter-m6d: 🔥🔥
  4. @lakshmireddylakshmireddy7727: bhai how do find it exactly location osint bot tell me bhai

- 7 ESSENTIAL tips on how to use Telegram: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey i noticed how people around me have started using telegram more and more often this is not a surprise to me because in addition to chatting with the people you love you can quickly get relevant information in text or media format use bots and much more today i'd like to focus your attention on the 7 most important tips for telegram they will allow you to make the most out of the messenger i'm sure you've never heard about some of them so let's get started [Applause] so what's the first thing we see when we open telegram let's say in the morning or after a long period of not using the messenger the correct answer is we see a bunch of new messages from people and bots channels and groups all of them of course are displayed in chronological order in the chat list but it's easy to get confused with them to make things easier and improve the process of interaction with the chats the messenger offers to create folders and i highly recommend you do it to create folders you just have to go to settings there are folders to any taste and here are a couple of ideas for you create separate folders for people channels and groups telegram will sort the chats and then when you open the messenger you won't get confused with all the chats for example you will first read and respond to all the personal messages then read the information from your favorite channels and then finally check out the messages in the groups if you have work chats you can also create a separate folders for them so as not to miss any important messages in general folders are a vital part of using telegram the right way so make sure you create and set them up another basic element in using paivaldurf's creation is the cache in other words it's the data that's been downloaded by telegram like the videos pictures and texts you've seen obviously they don't just go anywhere but they are saved in the cache later people start complaining in the comments below the video the telegram takes up a lot of space well first you should regularly clear the cache go to settings then select data and memory then click memory usage here you can see how much space telegram's cache is taking up and clear it right away don't worry if you downloaded something in the messenger the data will still remain in the cloud and the files can be downloaded again if necessary secondly set the following parameters here allow telegram to store files only for 3 days and most importantly set the maximum size of the cache 5 gigabytes i should point out that in the first case telegram will delete only those files which it's downloaded but you have not viewed the rest will remain in the cache so do not forget to clear it from time to time our next tip is notifications getting notifications can seem like a living hell especially when you're subscribed to various channels and groups however any person has the options to mute such notifications and stop getting them on their screen this would be useful to do with some non-urgent channels or groups and perhaps you would want to mute some people on ios swipe the chat to the left and select mute when android long press the chat and then select the mood icon that appears at the top you will now see a crossed out speaker sign next to the name of the channel or the person's name which means the notifications are muted leave only those people and channel that are the most important to you i believe this is the best way to use this one by the way share in the comments if you knew about this one and if yes let me know how many chats you have on moot next let's talk about reactions it would seem like nothing special but i'm willing to argue reactions are incredibly important in several ways first sometimes it's just enough to make a reaction in chat with a person and not respond to anything for example you can do it to let the other person know that you've seen and read their message without texting them back the second option is to use channel reactions this is how you express your attitude to publications and give authors the opportunity to create better content because they constantly check your feedback next you're gonna find out even more tips i have prepared for you there's probably one of the most important ones waiting for you at the end so stay tuned in the meantime subscribe to the channel if you're new here and give this video a thumbs up it's the best incentive to keep making new content for you and archived chats is my next tip for you with the same swipe to the left on ios and by long pressing the chat and selecting the icon from above on android you can send some irrelevant chess to the archive this would be useful if you no longer need a certain chat but you may need the information later and you don't want to delete it but it's annoying having it in the general chat list the same goes with the channels perhaps you have a resource that you check out once every few weeks but you don't need it the rest of the time you can also archive this channel so there are many options the main thing is to use them it would also be helpful to pin some chats and telegram at the top if you have a person or channel that you want to always be at the top of the list make sure to pin them on ios you need to swipe right on the chat and then click pin on android long press the chat then click on the three vertical dots at the top right corner of the screen and select pin telegram allows you to pin up to five chats plus up to five secret chats but there is one interesting thing here the messenger lets you pin up to a hundred chats but in folders so if five chats are not enough for you you just have to create a folder first and there you're free to pin as many chats as you like as for the last recommendation i was talking about telegram security it's all about the fact that the messenger has a separate privacy and security menu which is responsible for protecting your device in your account there are features like a passcode and two-step verification i highly recommend turning them on i talked more about telegram security in a recent video on my channel it's coming up right now on the screen so check it out and that's all i have it's the teleblog channel subscribe and keep up to date

  Top Comments:
  1. @Teleblog [10 likes]: What other features would you recommend to improve users activities on Telegram?
  2. @terrytari1891 [1 likes]: I can't find good pictures in Telegram the way that Twitter does!
  3. @terrytari1891 [1 likes]: Does Telegram have DMs like Twitter X have?
  4. @jameswhitehead4889 [1 likes]: How do I verify who I am talking to
  5. @Khaironsalampaito [1 likes]: Am interested
  6. @MargaretDube-l5i: jeff goldblum😅?
  7. @tranquility9325: That bastard got himself arrested. He promotes child prn on that site and also men teach other men how to assault women and children on there.
  8. @terrytari1891: How do I transfer my Twitter friends & pictures to Telegram?
  9. @susanbagnoli5394: The cold was put on telegram after the fact because we are being hacked
  10. @tomchambers9787: Thanks nice guide. Question is there anyway to set Telegram to Default to open a specific file each time you load.. Or even default it to open the last file you were  on when you closed.. That would do the same thing.. Any ideas would help a lot.
  11. @malt3soup: This is basic functions of telegram or any social mobile application that everyone SHOULD know...
  12. @riseandshine1221: Can you make a video regarding call and messages ,  I do not hear call or message bip sound unless I open the app.I have done several atempts to fix it but I couldn't please help
  13. @MrCheezle702: Hiw do you access the menu or page sections of a certain channel? I'm stuck on one page of a channel and backing out of it only takes me to the list of channels not the list of pages on that channel. Samsung app
  14. @sullivan2339: Notifications ??  More
  15. @sullivan2339: CC Cleaner {Free Version} is Awesome for Cache and Cookies Clearing/ Cleaning-
  16. @myonedayhops: thx
  17. @Khaironsalampaito: Subscribe
  18. @Khaironsalampaito: Hi hello pls i need this apps of telegram
  19. @Khaironsalampaito: Impower me tjis apps Telegram
  20. @Lovelylina55: why i simple people like me bvan myphone number i done anything to my telegram, it not easy to connect telegram to unban the account,

- Common Telegram Scams To Be Aware Of: Kind: captions Language: en Scammers are everywhere and Telegram is no exception. From fake channels to crypto scams, these fraudsters are after your personal info and money. Let's break down the most common Telegram scams and how you can avoid them. First up, fake Telegram channels. Scammers create channels that look identical to real ones by copying profile pictures and pinned messages, but clicking on their links could infect your device with malware. Tech support scams happen when fraudsters pose as customer service reps offering to fix your problem but actually stealing your info. Impersonation scams work the same way. If you get a message from someone claiming you won something, be skeptical. Then there's the classic romance scam. If someone you just met online is asking for money, they are likely a scammer. Fishing scams trick you into revealing your login details. Scammers might send fake telegram emails saying you need to verify your account. Don't fall for it. Fake job offers sound great until they ask for your social security number or banking details. And crypto scams are everywhere. If someone guarantees you high returns, it's a scam. So, how do you protect yourself? Never share personal info. Don't click random links. Secure your account with two-factor authentication and use strong passwords. A password manager like Keeper can help keep your Telegram account secure. Start your free trial of Keeper password manager and protect yourself from scammers on Telegram and beyond. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ninadrajapurkar [4 likes]: Never respond to strangers on telegram. Save your time.
  2. @jessica-zi6ui [1 likes]: This fucking music
  3. @mohammadhassain2450 [1 likes]: Can you help me verify it
  4. @smacksmack5976: People on telegram have contacted me trying to involve me in crypto.and gold investment scams.
  5. @AndreRosario-o7q: Dating app scam period facts 👌👌 Never send anyone gift cards or money to anyone period. Never send anyone nude pics to anyone period

- 5 Proven Social Media Marketing Strategies to Grow ANY Business: Kind: captions Language: en Most businesses are still creating content for a social media world that no longer exists. So, if your content strategy hasn't evolved in the last 2 years, you're missing the biggest opportunity in social media right now. Even just a couple years ago, you could post content for your followers, spend time designing the perfect grid, and it made sense to have a polished brand image across all of the different platforms. But today, the only thing that the algorithm cares about is performance. Period. This means that every new piece of content you post is a brand new opportunity to blow up your business. and puts everyone on an equal playing field. And with these new algorithms deciding who sees your content, how far it spreads, and even predicting performance before you hit publish, the old follower first approach isn't just outdated, it's pretty much useless. And this is why the businesses winning today are already adapting. They're using AI to boost creativity, run cheap experiments, and turn short bursts of attention into real revenue. And they're doing it fast. That's why in this video, I'm going to share with you why the old growth model collapsed and what replaced it. How to build an AI powered discovery process designed for the new social media algorithms. How to find and scale repeatable formats faster than your competitors, and how to layer monetization so every like and comment and view has a clear path to revenue. By the end of this video, you'll have the exact system the top brands and businesses are using right now to grow faster than ever before. And it works whether you have 100 followers or 100,000 or 100 million. Yeah, it just works. 5 years ago, social media was relatively simple. You'd build a following, you'd make regular posts, and it was safe to say that most of your followers would see your content. In other words, more followers meant more reach. But that model is gone. And today, reach comes from something called a content graph or an interest graph and not a follower graph. How it works is that when you post a piece of content, that post is shown to a small test audience first. If that small test audience engages with your content, then the algorithm expands distribution, starts to show it to more other people. If on the other hand, that small test audience doesn't seem that interested, then that post just dies. And it does this no matter how many followers you have. Where people and business owners in particular are getting hurt though, is that most businesses still act like we're in what I call the gallery era of social media, where content is treated as this kind of slow and polished and meticulously curated art exhibit. But this gallery era has been replaced by a street market. Something that's loud and crowded and moving fast. And the stalls that win aren't the prettiest. They're just the ones that grab attention immediately and then adapt to what's going on around them. And doing this all without hesitation. For example, a specialty coffee roaster I worked with had this exact same problem. Their social media feeds looked like something straight out of a magazine. I mean, they had gorgeous images and beautiful onbrand colors and fonts and pretty people drinking prettyl looking drinks. But, and this is a big butt, they had pretty much zero engagement. So, we swapped the overproduced media for some quick and dirty behind-the-scenes clips of beans roasting and orders being packed and friendly casual banter between staff. And sure enough, within just a couple weeks, the algorithm picked them up and started showing their stuff to completely new people and expanded their reach significantly. Back in the old days of even just a couple years ago, in the follower first world we used to live in, your job was to keep your existing fans engaged. But today, in this feed first world, your job is to stop strangers midscroll. And that, my friend, requires speed and volume, and above all, a certain willingness to post without waiting for perfection. The gallery era of social media is dead. Long, long live the gallery. Today, if you want to win, you need to think like a graffiti artist. Unlike gallery artists, graffiti artists don't wait for an invitation or an opening reception. They they move fast. They get the message up and then they vanish to hit the next wall or train car or unsuspecting billboard or really anything that'll sit still long enough. I don't know. That was never really my scene. Speed isn't optional here. In the time it takes to storyboard and approve and launch one campaign, a faster moving competitor can post 10 variations and find the winner and then scale it up. So, by the time you inevitably eventually unveil your masterpiece, they've already claimed the best walls in town and you're left trying to make your mark on a Wendy's that's already halfway painted over with an ad for a $1.99 Frosty. I do like Frosties. The good news here, no, dare I say great news here, is that even a small business or brand or creator with no following at all can now beat an established giant if their content connects faster and stronger. But as important as speed is, speed alone won't save you. Because now there's a hidden judge deciding who gets seen and who doesn't. And it's not even human. To really drive this point home, it's important to note that the old school gallery approach doesn't just struggle in today's feed first environment. It actually works against you. This is because the algorithms decide in real time whether to push your content further or whether to just completely shut it down. which means that the more versions you test, the more chances you have to win. And lucky for us, AI makes this not just possible, but actually doable. For example, in the past, creating multiple versions of a piece of content meant multiple more hours of writing and editing and designing and whatever. But now, you can do this in minutes, sometimes even seconds. One short video, for example, can become 10 hooks for different audiences, multiple vertical edits, uh, captions for each platform, alternate cuts emphasizing different benefits, and translations for new markets, or do I? Each version gets published, the best performers get scaled up, and the poor performers get shut down. And all of this happens about as close to immediately as you can imagine. To give you a real life personal example, I launched a simple ad campaign just a couple weeks ago. I wrote an ad that I thought was half decent, found an image to go along with it, and then I turned it over to AI to help me scale it up. The AI came back with dozens of great ideas. I picked a few to test, and a couple of them went on to get thousands of clicks at 9 cents per click, which in the digital marketing world is basically bananas. Now, at least in this case, AI didn't necessarily make the content better. But what it did do was make this high volume testing totally possible without burning me out. Actually, technically, it did make the content better, too, as I wasn't getting 9-centent leads before AI joined the party. Anyway, the point here is that this is why the mindset matters just as much as the tool because when you launch just one single higheffort campaign, you're emotionally invested in its success. If it fails, feels like a total loss. But when you run multiple variations, you expect some to fail. And it's that feedback and that data that then goes on to feed the next round of iterations. Here's how to do it step by step. I'll give you an acronym to help make this super easy to remember. Just rolls right off the tongue. So, here's what each letter means. One, S. Start with one strong idea. Uh, launch, a story, and insight. Two, G. Generate multiple variations. These are hooks or edits or captions. Three, T. Test quickly. Post within a short time frame, ideally publishing everything at the same time, which is going to way cut down and minimize variability. Four, M, measure results. Look at metrics like CTR, which stands for click-through rate, so you can see how many people clicked it, as well as things like cost per lead, if you're tracking that, which you should be. Five, ask, scale the winners. Take what worked and spread it around. Post it on other platforms, post it in other formats, and show it to other audiences. Now, sure, not every hit will go viral everywhere, but a lot of them will. The beauty here is that it's not about guessing what's going to work. This is about actually definitively finding out what will work and doing it fast, like in days, not months. Of course, posting faster is pointless if you can't handle the attention that comes with it. So, that's where this next tool comes in. So, let me show you one tool that makes it a whole lot easier to execute this graffiti style strategy, ManyHat. Approved by Meta, ManyHat is the leading automation platform for Instagram, Facebook Messenger, and WhatsApp. It turns every comment, DM, or story mention into an instant sales opportunity by sending automated personalized replies in real time. Imagine you post a video that hits big. Instead of manually replying to hundreds of people asking for more info, Many Chat can DM them a link, sign them up for a free resource, or even book them straight into your calendar, all without you touching a keyboard. It's like adding a full-time sales assistant to your content team who works 24/7, never takes breaks, and never forgets to follow up. This is exactly how you turn spikes of attention into leads and sales before the buzz dies down. If you want to turn every post into a direct conversation with potential customers, check out ManyHat using the link below and get 30 days of ManyHat Pro for free. Now, all that said, all the speed in the world won't matter if you don't understand the system that's actually distributing your content. And that's where the algorithm flip comes in and why it's the most important shift that you can master today. As we talked about at the beginning, this algorithm flip means you're no longer making content mainly for people who already know you. You're now making content that's there to earn the attention of people who don't know you. Some people call them strangers. I call them friends in waiting, which makes it sound kind of creepy. That's a challenge because loyalty doesn't guarantee visibility anymore. But the good news is that this is a new and completely untapped opportunity because small accounts can now compete with much bigger ones if their content performs. Now, here's the deal. The platforms already use AI to evaluate your posts. They scan visuals, they transcribe audio, they read captions, and they analyze pacing. And those signals are then compared to top performing content. If your post matches the patterns, it's more likely to get pushed. Let me say that again because it's really, really important. If your content looks and sounds and feels like the top performing content on the platform, the algorithm is far more likely to push it. And you can use AI to reverse engineer this before you ever hit publish. All you have to do is ask. For example, you can use tools like Chat GBT, Gemini, Grock, or Claude to check your opening seconds. For example, you could upload your video or your script and then ask the AI questions like, "Is my hook clear and attention grabbing in under 3 seconds?" Or, "Would my target market immediately understand what this is about and want to keep watching?" It's powerful stuff. You can also use it to brainstorm stronger hooks by sharing your topic and then asking it, "Give me 10 hook ideas similar to the top performing videos in my niche or write five alternative openings that would make this more curiositydriven." It's powerful, too. Can also help you tighten up your captions. All you need to do is just paste your captions and then ask, "Make this shorter and easier to read on a phone screen or rewrite this so it gets to the point faster while keeping the main idea." And it can help you improve pacing. Just give the AI your transcript and then ask, "Where could I cut or speed up so viewers don't drop off?" Or identify any slow sections that might cause people to lose interest. This isn't just theory, either. Just a couple days ago, I was mentoring some kids who started a YouTube channel. Now, they're just kids, so to protect their identities, I'll change their names to um Bob, and Bob, too. Anyway, one of the first things we did was download and transcribe their top performing videos. From there, we had AI analyze them based on basically everything I just told you. And then, well, it was really as easy as just remaking those top performing videos with these new suggestions in mind. And the results were a literal 100x jump in views, subscribers, watch time, everything. But there are two important rules to follow here. Rule number one, your hook matters more than your history. Or as Tony Robbins might say, your past does not equal your future. What this means is that even if everything you've posted up until now has, what's the nice way of saying this? uh underperformed. Well, none of that matters as all it takes is one great post to completely change the game for you. Rule number two, consistency comes from process, not luck. So, while there's never any guarantee of going viral, there are ingredients or frameworks or traits that are shared by some of the most popular and wide reaching content online. But we covered a lot of that with your hook and pacing and all that stuff. So, now the next thing for you to do is start testing. AI can get you in front of new audiences. But there is a trap. If every post is a one-off start from scratch, reinvent the wheel thing, you're going to be starting from scratch every time. The fastest growers don't reinvent the wheel. They find formats that hit, then they run them on repeat, just like Bob and Bob 2, the YouTube Kids did. All right, let's unpack that a little more. One of the most common mistakes that entrepreneurs make with social media is chasing originality instead of repeatability. The result is this feed full of unrelated experiments that never get refined because they're only ever tried once. High performing creators and high performing businesses on the other hand, they do the opposite. They find repeatable formats. These are content structures that consistently engage their audience and that work with the algorithm. Then once a format works, they refine it and rerun it. What's a good example here? Think uh late night television. The host doesn't invent a brand new format every night. They just follow a proven structure like a opening monologue. there's probably an interview, a recurring comedy segment. Anyway, the viewers know exactly what to expect and the team knows exactly how to deliver it. In social media, repeatable formats give you a framework to test ideas without having to start from scratch. They also make it easier to scale because you're building on what you already know works. So, here's the process. Step one, test small and fast. Start with one core idea, some insight, a tip, or product demo. Use AI to create variations with different hooks and lengths and angles and then publish quickly and watch for anything that gets traction. Step two, measure performance. Don't just count the overall views. You want to look at completion rates and saves and comments and replays as these show a deeper level of engagement. Step three, refine the winner. If one version outperforms, you want to make small adjustments and then post it again. You could shorten it or strengthen the hook or you could tweak the call to action. Step four, package it as a series. Once a format works, you want to brand it, give it a name, a distinct visual style, and a clear promise for the audience. Step five, scale across platforms. Once you've got a winner, you want to run the format on multiple channels, but you want to adapt for each one. So, a 60-second tip might thrive on Tik Tok, while a 3minute version does better on LinkedIn. I worked with a B2B software company that tested five short form video ideas. Now, four were kind of average. One, this rapidfire common mistake series doubled engagement. though we refined it and branded it and ran it twice a week. Within 2 months, it drove over half their inbound leads just from organic content. Oh, repeatable formats also reduce stress, which is nice. You don't need to think of a brand new idea every single day. You just think of the next new entry in a format that you already know works. This keeps your pipeline full and your schedule consistent, so you're not missing days or missing weeks or scrambling last minute. Important note here, though. The goal isn't to find one perfect format and then just run it forever. is to have several different formats in rotation. That way you spread the risk, you avoid fatigue, and you can test new ideas without abandoning proven ones. So once you've got formats that win, the next question then is where do they live? After all, if you put everything, all these different ideas and different formats and different tests and you just dump them all on one channel, you're going to confuse the algorithm and you're going to confuse your audience. So that's where channel strategy comes into play. In the gallery era model, brands dumped everything onto one main account. These are product launches, tips, behind the scenes, all in one feed. And that worked when reach came from followers. But now, as you know, discovery is postdriven, and the algorithm judges each post on its own. Algorithm judges. That was a bit of a tongue twister. So, when you mix all these different formats into one feed, you confuse the viewer and the algorithm. After all, the different audiences want different things, and a single channel can't serve them all equally well. The fix then is something called a multi- channelannel strategy. I appreciate it sounds super duper fancy, but it's really simple. Instead of one all-purpose social media account, you run several smaller focused ones. Each one has got a clear format, a different target audience, and a focused purpose, but they all feed into your overall brand. For example, a health supplement brand might run a main account with polished product stories and updates, a tips account with daily quick health insights, a testimonials account with customer success stories, and a founder account with behind the scenes and personal takes. And doing it this way, spreading things apart, breaking them down, having these smaller accounts, well, it creates four different distinct advantages. First is precision. Each channel speaks directly to its audience, which means you're able to create laser focused content that you know your customers are interested in. Next, signal clarity. If engagement ever drops on one of these smaller platforms, you're going to know why, and it's likely because of what you're saying, not how you're saying it or where you're saying it, as you're not mixing different formats or different placements. Third is scalability. Proven formats can be spun into dedicated channels without crowding the main account. And fourth, for all my riskaverse friends out there, lower stakes. These smaller separate accounts are sandboxes, testing grounds with lower stakes and lower risks to the main account. So you can and you should get creative. Now important note here. If you're just getting started, then please understand that you do not need to have multiple accounts and launch them all at once. Just start with one, your main one, and start testing different formats there. Then when a format consistently performs, it can spin it into its own channel. The trick is to keep testing new formats on your main account. And over time, you're going to have this portfolio of feeds that all funnel into your sales process. Now, if this sounds like an absolute ton of work, don't worry. A few years ago, doing all of this would have been a complete nightmare or cost thousands of dollars a day. But now, AI makes it just so much easier. It can take a winning post from one platform and then reformat it for another. It can write captions that fit each platform style, and it can track the results so you can see which posts bring in the best traffic. But here's another thing. Reach without revenue is just a vanity metric. So once you've got the attention, you need a system to turn that attention into paying customers. So next, let me show you how to take all of that attention and turn it into actual revenue because you can't feed your kids with likes. Attention is valuable, but it's not revenue. And far too many businesses treat views and likes and followers as the end goal. To turn attention into revenue, you need a monetization layer. Something that's clear and has an intentional path that guides viewers from discovering who you are and what you're about to purchase. Now, I want you to think of it in three stages. First is top of funnel. This is discovery. These are short form videos or posts or stories that earn attention from strangers. The goal here is curiosity and trust, not an immediate sale. Then there's midfunnel. Here you want to nurture. Once someone's interested, give them a reason to stick around. These are longer videos or emails or case studies or anything that connects your product or your service to their needs. Most businesses skip this part, but more on that in just a second. Then you got bottom of funnel. This is for conversion. This is where you make clear direct offers. Could be a product pitch, a consultation, or a limited time promotion. But whatever it is, the goal is to encourage action. Okay, so an important point here, like I mentioned just a few seconds ago, most brands unfortunately skip the midfunnel nurture part, jumping straight from you've never heard of me before to buy my stuff. Kind of like meeting someone at a networking event and pitching a partnership before even learning their name or asking someone to marry you on the very first date. I mean, it's weird. It's kind of creepy. Certainly not very effective. Now, the good news here is that your monetization layer does not need to be complex to work. It just needs to exist. a newsletter, a webinar, a free trial, a wait list, whatever. As long as every piece of content has a clear next step, it will deliver you more customers and more sales. And of course, AI makes this easier by segmenting audiences and recommending next steps and personalizing follow-up, so each viewer gets the most relevant offer, which only further raises your conversion rates without adding any extra manual effort. This is why the most effective businesses treat their content like part of a sales engine. The goal isn't just to entertain or to educate. It's to move people towards becoming customers. And with a monetization layer in place, every post contributes to business growth. The best news of all here, though, is that you don't need to piece any of these things together on your own. I've already packaged up the entire system for you, the same one that I use in my business and with all of my clients and my students to grow faster on social media. When you click the free course link down in the descriptions below, you'll get instant access to my full AI powered marketing framework, the plug-and-play content templates, readytouse scripts, and step-by-step checklists, plus the exact tools I use to run it all. No guesswork, no tech headaches, just a proven system that you can start using right away to create content that gets discovered, scales across platforms, and actually drives revenue. Go ahead, click or tap the link below, tell me where to send it, and I'll get you set up immediately. And if you want to see how to put this strategy into action for real results real fast, you may want to check out the video I've got linked up right here where I'm going to walk you through some of my most proven and profitable marketing strategies to help you grow your business. So, feel free to tap or click that now and we'll see you in there in just a

  Top Comments:
  1. @4K-SYNTH_OG [3 likes]: Hello Adam,
I found something interesting.

I saw that you don't have short videos to post across social media.
Let me help you repurpose your 1 video into 10 short form videos which is you can post across all your social media to reach more people.
  2. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Nice tutorial! As a marketing beginner, I hear DIC loak’s auto functions can achieve media task management. I’ll give it a go.
  3. @Adamerhartvideo: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  4. @OQ-: Is this valid for all platforms?
  5. @dPatriciaieMartinezc: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  6. @dorothyiosefa9842: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  7. @DonnarfDloksana: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  8. @Osvaldo-r7j: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  9. @Codi-n5y: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  10. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is what bridges the gap between launching a brand and having a brand people believe in.
  11. @MathaiNewand: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  12. @AndargieVargas: Great breakdown of the strategies! I’m curious about your take on cross-platform consistency—do you recommend adapting content to each platform’s style heavily, or is a unified approach better? I've noticed mixed results trying both.
  13. @KinnemanNoreiga: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  14. @AnthonyDooley-q2c: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  15. @vasuovaelena: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  16. @Mdsaimoun-i6z: Can you even play that
  17. @ElenaMaryano: The website  ipweb is good, I recommend it.
  18. @hanyhany-dk2ml: موقع صادق ومميز
  19. @user-kx6ml8nw6k: IPweb is a helpful service for promoting content on social networks. It can help increase views and engagement. Worth trying if you want more visibility onli
  20. @constancethomas1485: Ipweb promotion services is so great, it's very affordable and platform is user-friendly for everyone. 🤠🤓🤗🙂😊😁😃🤩😌❤️

- Full Social Media Marketing Strategy In 8 Minutes | GaryVee Q&A Session: Kind: captions Language: en we all talk about Ai and meanwhile the most important AI in the world is sitting right here it's the AI that runs these alos and we completely are dismissing it in my little tiny agency I have 137 people whose full-time job is to look at the analytics both Quant and qual of what the newsfeed is doing for all seven platforms you know how do we do it we look at the Quant and qual data we analyze absolutely everything if you look carefully at this post it's a thumbnail first we're literally looking at the colors of the word they you then go into it we're paying attention to what the first words are should we be using this new feature notes right is what it's called then I'm looking at the actualized reach then I may look at something and say so this one right here image very clear this one I bet you did well sure enough look at this number the reason I did that is I know right now and my company knows that images are reaching a higher propensity of new users than videos we are doing this fully backwards brother we have the greatest tools of all time and we're treating it like you know it's like those outages of not knowing how to use a tool like we have we have a Lamborghini and we're using it as like a planting pop creative unlocking all the answers is an unheard of reality for the way we all grew up and right now almost everyone thinks social media is a lesser than medium and it's hurting [Music] them social overall has a staggering amount of actual attention in the consumer landscape collectively the seven most meaningful social networks have more actualized attention on them than any other medium and it's not even close and then when you talk about advertising the next biggest mediums streaming services television podcast and radio all of their ad formats are disruptive and it's potential reach not actualized reach but because of the way that social is structured you don't know the ads coming because it's the next piece of content and if you have creative excellence in the thumbnail and the first three seconds of that creative you have a shocking opportunity to capture actual consumer attention first capturing their attention whether it's an 18yearold on Snapchat Spotlight or Tik Tok or a 69y old on LinkedIn or Facebook or yoube shorts which is crushing with 40 to 70 year olds they're all kind of the same game and all very different it's based on Creative Excellence best practices of creative per platform big mistake so many brands in this portfolio are making is they're putting the same video on every platform because they view social as distribution kind of like old media versus understanding that we're in a place now where organic social is the starting point for all marketing let the AI algorithms that the new newsfeeds are run by give you creative testing and affirmation and then make decisions on media amplification or interpretation so I think it's by being native it's like anything else if you ask me how do you win on Super Bowl which I think is the best ad in marketing from an intention buying standpoint you can't spend $8 million and get 130 million Americans to watch 30 seconds of a video and any other medium so Super Bowl is the best added marketing the problem is if your commercial thinks you just wasted a shitload of money so creative vulnerability is the biggest issue for everyone here organic social does creative testing at an advancement we've never seen before as an added value to the marketing you do on it you know the way you win is by actually being good at it if this was a different context you asked me Gary how do we all become better basketball players the answer is to practice more and get better at it the way we win here now is to win on relevance at scale one of the big mistakes a lot of brands in this portfol you're making is they're choosing their consumers Target instead of trying to win on relevance with every consumer because they most of the brands actually have that permission but everyone's stuck in how Brands grow 1991 mentality and still acting as if television is the primary distribution Channel and have completely misunderstood what's actually happening on social this is why so many people lose elections the many politicians continue to do outdoor and television and under invest in Social and get outflanked by their competitor this is why we've seen more upsets in the last 12 years people will be like no Gary the social discourse has changed I'm like no social media accelerated the social Discord change which is a huge mistake because we're overpaying for the upper funnel distribution and the creative that we're supporting it with brother is vanilla and it's trying to be everything to everybody which means it's nothing to No One meanwhile all the upper funnel activities that everyone's trying to achieve is actually happening in Social energy drink beables you know poppy all these things that are happening upper funnel just means where's the attention television commercials is not where the attention is people like what about sports Gary people watch sports I'm like they watch sports but they don't watch sports commercials the problem is I actually believe half this room fully understands what I'm saying but the internal reporting doesn't justify the behavior and so they don't do it for the ones that are most close to operating in Social I think you know that three years ago everything changed so the social media I grew up with was more like email marketing get as many people to follow you as possible and a certain percentage of them saw every single post so I've been doing email marketing since 1996 for wine library.com anybody that buys wine you have to check out this new thing which you should probably replicate for your overall business I a new wine text thing that is insane SMS marketing is starting to emerge so check that out learn from it in 1997 I had 100,000 person email newsletter which was massive at the time that had 91% open rates because marketers hadn't ruined email yet what I just showed you with text is staggeringly working because we haven't fully ruined Commerce SMS yet that 90% open rate email newsletter today is now 30% and we're good at it that's how social worked right like everybody thought I had a head start which I did and it made it hard now every single part of the each of this individual post is based on the creative Excellence of it I have 15 million followers on Tik Tok I've been doing this every single day for 18 years I own the largest agency in the world that does it best and anybody on here can literally who've never been on Tik Tok or been fed in your life could set up a Tik Tok after this post something they could get more views on that than anything I've done in my career so we are now in a new dawn where the individual piece of creative creates the reach so some of you know this on your social media personally or on the business if you're close enough to this you may post something and it gets 5,000 views and the next one gets 180,000 and the next one gets 19 and the next one gets 49 and the next one gets 8,000 this is going to lead to a Nirvana of being able to measure creativity that we've all been looking for for 70 years and if you really play it out nobody should ever do an above the- line campaign ever again without the validation of the creative in Social ever again sitting in a boardroom with cupcakes and markers and some magazines to crack it and come up with the idea is like taking a horse on the highway to get to your next location

  Top Comments:
  1. @sonjeow: I found Gary back in WLTV days watching it on Viddler. I literally played 4Square with AJV at SXSW (Anyone remember 4square?). I mimicked his playbook way back then and it made me a shit ton of money in 2013-2019 by starting several of my own businesses. My ego and I walked away from his content thinking we knew everything there was to know. Covid hits. IOS14 hits...I get my ass handed to me for the past 4 years because I didn't evolve. Here I am. Back again watching his videos. Learning what I should have already known. And all I can say is...he's right. Again.
  2. @StillStanding-j9x: This content is exactly what I needed! The way Gary breaks down skill-building makes it feel so achievable. My goal this year is to hit 10K followers and I genuinely believe the mindset and strategies shared here are going to get me there. Been watching for a while and the growth I've seen in myself is real. Let's get it! 🔥
  3. @Expandabond: So what he's saying is, buy a horse and post from there
  4. @Crescitaly_com: Visibility without value is just noise. At Crescitaly, we focus on helping you build both. 💎
  5. @AmarilisWernex: Thank you for providing such a useful tutorial, and as someone who has just entered the marketing industry, I find DIC loak very attractive because it can automatically complete likes and comments for marketing.
  6. @sundosfoaad7157: Ip web is a great choice for social media promotion
  7. @natureulse: IPweb is a great service for promoting videos and social media pages I recommend it to anyone who wants more views and engagement.
  8. @oladapojoshua1881: I recommend ipweb for social boosting to you all.. it's amazing
  9. @amalyehia9305: A high-quality article
  10. @رشامتولي-ت5ع: 😂🔥🔥🔥
  11. @mohamedOkela-o8j: Very helpful insights! Social media promotion is one of the most powerful tools for expanding reach and building a strong online presence. 👏📊
  12. @ReinerMora-h7b: Ipweb the Best page to win money
  13. @عليمحمود-س3ث3ل: أشهر
The bit about not treating social media as 'less than' really hit me—kinda wild how true that is, and when checking data in AICarma I notice the brands that don’t get this end up invisible.
  14. @MmMm-sl3zy: Very good and very amazing and very nice❤❤❤
  15. @andrewkropochev75: IPweb use for promotion on social networks
  16. @MR-IMRAN-YTT: Ipweb is the best microjobs site or app. The app withdraw process very good
  17. @MohammedYousef-q1d: I recommend using ipweb promotion service for social media it is great way and approved
  18. @ivanfanatdum-g4m: Great service! IPweb is really helpful for social media promotion — easy to use and effective. Definitely recommend it for boosting engagement 👍
  19. @Tele-Earn: IPweb stands out as a micro-task earning platform where users get paid for completing promotional actions on social networks. A practical choice for those who want to earn and support digital promotion at the same time.
  20. @vilarc: I think that for a beginner the ipweb service will be a great boost and quite cheap too... With subscribers, likes, your channel will be promoted to the feed faster

- The #1 Marketing Mistake Independent Artists Keep Making: Kind: captions Language: en Most artists fail because they market like they're already famous and that's why nobody cares. Let that sink in for one second. You hop on social media and everyone's yelling, "You got to market your music. You need content. Just put yourself out there." So, you try. You drop a link. You post some clips. Maybe even throw some money at an ad. And then what? Nothing happens. So, now you're frustrated because you're thinking, "I'm doing everything they told me to do. Why isn't this working?" Let's talk about it real quick. The problem really isn't that you're not marketing. The problem is that you're marketing at the wrong level. Marketing where you're trying to get on is completely different from marketing when you already have a fan base. But most artists don't recognize that. They market like they already made it. They move like a signed artist, thinking that if they just promote the song enough, people are magically care. But you can't market to an audience that you don't have yet. Think about it real quick. Would a restaurant open his doors and expect long lines on day one? Of course not. They understand that they have to build awareness. They have to get people through them doors. But that's exactly where artists go wrong. They try to sell before they build demand. Let me paint a scenario for you real quick. Right? So imagine two artists walk into a stadium. One is a superstar and the other artist is unknown. The superstar stepped on stage. The crowd goes crazy screaming, chanting every word before the song even starts. Now imagine the unknown artist try to do the same thing. They walk on stage, pulled out the mic, expecting the same reaction, but instead silence. Not because they're bad, not because their music sucks, but because no one knows who they are. The crowd starts to shift uncomfortably. You hear whispers like, "What is that mean?" Somebody whips out their phone, start getting distracted, people walk away. The unknown artist feels the weight of that silence, that realization that just having a song doesn't mean people are listen. This is exactly how most artists approach marketing. They think just showing up is enough. They think dropping a song means people should automatically care. But that's not how marketing works when you're unknown. Marketing with your undiscovered artist is about getting attention first. It's about giving people a reason to listen before you start asking them to. Marketing when you're unknown is not the same as marketing when you're famous. So, what should you be doing instead? There are three phases of marketing every artist goes through. Phase one is attraction. Getting people to notice you. When nobody knows you, your job isn't to promote your music. It's to get people to stop scrolling and pay attention to you as a person. Most artists assume that dropping a song is enough, but people connect with the artist way before they ever connect with their music. Here's what really works, right? Stories that make people care. Talk about what led up to your song. What emotions does it capture? What moment inspired it? Getting people relatable content. React to trends. Show your struggle. Let people see the real you. And then there's community engagement. Instead of just posting, get in them comments. Build relationships and create real moments. Take DD Osama for example. His fans didn't just connect with his music. They connected to his story, his pain, and his journey. If people don't care about you first, they will never care about your music. Phase two is connection. Give people a reason to stick around. Attention isn't enough. You got to convert your viewers into fans. This phase right here is all about consistency. Showing up often so people start expecting you. Storytelling. Share who you are, why you make music, and what makes you different from all the other artists out there. And then building a movement, give people a real reason to identify with you. Think about how Playboy Cardi created the whole vamp movement. Fans need something to latch on to. The artists who fail to recognize this become one hit wonders because they never ever turn their casual listeners into real fans. The artist Heat, he built the whole aesthetic and inside culture around his music. His fans don't just listen, they adopt the language, the visuals, and the lifestyle. Now phase three, it's all about promotion. Now you can start selling your music. This is where artists get it backwards. They try to push for streams before people even care. But real marketing works like this. You know, you have to create anticipation. Tease your song in creative ways. Skits, maybe behind the scenes content, storytelling videos. Then you drop your song strategically. Release it in a way that creates engagement, challenges, fan participation, and so on. Then nurture that audience. Keep the momentum going after the release. Too many artists drop content and disappear. Take Destroy Lonely for example. He's literally built hype around his brand, visuals, and message before the music ever even drops. If you've done phase one and phase two correctly, now is when you can promote and see real results. If you're ready to stop marketing like you're already on and start getting real traction, follow me now. I don't just talk about music marketing. I show artists how to actually win. The difference between unknown and unstoppable isn't luck. It's marketing that fits where you are right now. Most artists will keep doing what feels comfortable. you know, dropping links, forcing streams, and wondering why nobody listens. But if you're still here, you already know it's time to start moving differently.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Naya_Reign [2 likes]: -marketing is about giving people a reason to listen to your music 

Phase 1 (Attraction): getting people to notice you 
Talk about what lead up to your song

Phase 2 (connection): convert your viewers in to fans 
showing up consistently 
Story telling share who you are 
Why make music & what makes you different from other artist 
Build a movement, give people a real reason to identify with you 
Phase 3 ( Promotion): create anticipation (like sienna did) 
Tease your song in creative ways 
-skits, behind the scene content, story telling
-release it in a way that create engagement, challenges & Fan participation 
- keep momentum going after the release
  2. @FullKarenMusic [1 likes]: I don't want to hear/watch about a musician I've never heard.....I want music. If the music is good then I want to know a little more about them. I don't care what they had for breakfast or what they thought of the latest film. The algorithms on these social media sites do not target new music well IMO. The music I listen to NEVER shows up as suggested views in my analytics. But as an alternative experimental hip hop artist I'm far from mainstream and often political.
  3. @willforeverpubg [1 likes]: Went on to get Tunecore for Music Distribution on sending music to Stores,Music Platform and Radio Stations.Looking to expand my Independent Music Brand.
  4. @willforeverpubg [1 likes]: Jens just launch a Independent Music Brand, It have really gain Major success on my 3 Social Media Facebook,LinkedIn and YouTube, But want to be open to learn about Branding for Poetry Music Brand listen to you.I can learn from you for Branding,So I just Subscribe to your YouTube.
  5. @TheMellowCowboyRadio [1 likes]: I am getting views and I am trying to stand out but I don't get the honest feedback I need to know if I should market myself
  6. @frankjeffries6374 [1 likes]: Thanks man!
  7. @howitgoos [1 likes]: THank you for thisss!! 🙏🙏
  8. @AnujShetty-i1b [1 likes]: This is such a wake-up call for independent artists, marketing to build a connection before pushing the product is a complete game-changer 📈💡
  9. @Chronade [1 likes]: The shortest music marketing video I've ever seen on YouTube, yet the most insightful and spot on! Hi, I'm your new subscriber... 🎯
  10. @tumimontsho: Which artist do you work with
  11. @Sofa_King_Fresh_Records: I lathe cut records and am always looking for musicians to put on wax,
  12. @VoxDeiAcoustica: People do not need to care about you to care about your music. We like music because we like the way the music sounds we don't even know anything about the artist personally.
  13. @aw3752: I couldn’t disagree more.  I have never and will never care about who made a song I like.  I don’t need to know their backstory or anything about them to appreciate their music. 

I have hundreds of artists on my playlists- many I have listened to for decade-
and I couldn’t tell you two facts about them. 

People just want great music. That’s the hook that grabs people’s attention.
  14. @sjcflawless: It’s great that this aligns with using social media as a marketing tool. You’re basically building your brand with engagement. That’s the key when building a brand on social media.
  15. @Kizito-q8v: Omoo 😥 this is so hard
  16. @ElvenNeko: I kinda expected to hear not just how, but where. Personally, i do not search for music anywhere except youtube, so i have no idea where you should post such stuff, especially if you want to not just drop a link, but write a post about why have you wrote this song and what is it about.
  17. @codekosmo: You are totally on point. 💪
And I thought everybody just recognizes „Make America Juicy Again“ just from the catchy album title and because the message involved, is what the states need right now. 

I have to learn to be even more present. Maybe I just want to be the producer, not the artist. Like god that never shows up directly, but tries to work through everything. 😛
  18. @AunoldTerminatoroOlympia666: This is excellent advice I love a song that I can connect with but yeah they need to do more. I'll try to do this
  19. @Ocean.lynn.g59: As I’m learning to make music and practicing routinely, I’m trying to view as many perspectives and opinions as possible. Looking at the artists I look up to an enjoy, they have that energy, their music feels like a disturbance almost and that personality + energy led to crazy success, you need to be more than a song, you need passion and to be a person, not just a Spotify acc yk?
  20. @CosmicusMusic: You have no link in this post and no link in your bio. You can't be taken seriously. 😅

- How I’d Start on Substack in 2026 (With No Audience): Kind: captions Language: en-US If I had to start my Substack from absolute&nbsp; zero today, knowing everything I know after&nbsp;&nbsp; building a bestselling publication in record&nbsp; time, I'd do quite a lot of things differently. This video is for creators&nbsp; who are just getting started&nbsp;&nbsp; or who are stuck and unsure about why their&nbsp; publications and audiences aren't growing. In the next couple of minutes, I will give&nbsp; you a clear roadmap, a few hard truths,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the shortcuts I wish I had known sooner. At the end, I will share the&nbsp; number one decision that has&nbsp;&nbsp; helped us gain our first 500 paid&nbsp; subscribers at Write • Build • Scale. I've been working with creators and&nbsp; writers for the past five years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I know that most of you hate this&nbsp; cliché advice of "you need a niche."&nbsp;&nbsp; Most people don't want to niche down because&nbsp; they're multi-passionate creators. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; curious and interested in many things, so putting&nbsp; themselves into a box, aka niche, sounds limiting. But if you want to grow a successful&nbsp; Substack publication, you need to define&nbsp;&nbsp; a clear promise for your reader. Most writers&nbsp; fail because they're writing about too many&nbsp;&nbsp; things simultaneously. You can't truly&nbsp; be an expert in so many different areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; and readers won't trust you or pay attention. If you're struggling with niching down,&nbsp;&nbsp; try to complete this sentence:&nbsp; "My publication helps you..." At Write • Build • Scale, we help you&nbsp; write confidently, build your audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; and scale your income. When we started, we&nbsp; thought our niche was writing, targeting&nbsp;&nbsp; all writers. But we soon realized that's not&nbsp; necessarily true—we specifically serve creators&nbsp;&nbsp; who use writing to achieve a clear outcome.&nbsp; You're likely an educator, coach, consultant,&nbsp;&nbsp; or expert who uses writing to communicate your&nbsp; message, share your expertise, build an audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; and monetize your work. We don't serve fiction&nbsp; writers or poets because that's not our audience. By clearly defining who we best serve,&nbsp; we attract more of the right people and&nbsp;&nbsp; fewer of the wrong people, which ensures&nbsp; higher engagement and subscription rates. The second thing I'd do is focus on two&nbsp; content types: visibility and connection,&nbsp;&nbsp; by publishing both Substack posts and&nbsp; notes. If you're not leveraging both,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're making growth harder. Notes&nbsp; attract visibility, drawing new readers,&nbsp;&nbsp; while long-form posts convert&nbsp; readers into loyal subscribers. Since scheduling notes isn't&nbsp; possible yet, consistency can&nbsp;&nbsp; be challenging. I recommend building a&nbsp; simple routine: batch-create notes weekly&nbsp;&nbsp; and set daily reminders or alarms to publish&nbsp; them quickly each day. Copy, paste, publish—easy. The third idea is one of my favorites&nbsp; because it's rarely mentioned:&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're getting visibility but not&nbsp; subscribers, offer a gift as a bribe.&nbsp;&nbsp; Unlike traditional email marketing platforms,&nbsp; Substack doesn't directly support freebies,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can announce gifts in exchange for&nbsp; subscriptions and deliver them in the welcome&nbsp;&nbsp; email. At Write • Build • Scale, new subscribers&nbsp; might get our Substack Bestseller Workbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, which you can download in&nbsp; the description below. Your gift could&nbsp;&nbsp; be a checklist, mini-guide, ebook, or any&nbsp; valuable resource related to your niche. The fourth thing I'd prioritize is collaboration.&nbsp; Many creators feel lonely and intimidated to share&nbsp;&nbsp; their journey with those who don't understand&nbsp; their work. Connecting with other creators&nbsp;&nbsp; provides comfort and rapid growth. Substack's&nbsp; native features, like guest posts, tagging,&nbsp;&nbsp; joint publications, cross-promotions, and&nbsp; restacks, make collaboration easy. This&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy has been the number one driver&nbsp; of growth for Write • Build • Scale. Start by listing five creators&nbsp; you'd like to collaborate with.&nbsp;&nbsp; Engage thoughtfully, build genuine&nbsp; relationships, and lead with generosity.&nbsp;&nbsp; Collaboration is about expanding&nbsp; opportunities, not competition. The fifth tip is to initiate genuine conversations&nbsp; every week. The most underrated growth hack is&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent engagement with your audience.&nbsp; Many creators obsess over viral growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; overlooking foundational relationship-building.&nbsp;&nbsp; When I started writing online, I replied&nbsp; to every comment for years. Understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; your audience’s needs and desires allows you to&nbsp; create invaluable resources they deeply crave. Ask questions regularly, listen&nbsp; closely, engage sincerely,&nbsp;&nbsp; and build stronger relationships with&nbsp; those already following your work. Those are the five things I'd prioritize&nbsp; if starting Substack from scratch. Now, here's the decision that helped us&nbsp; gain 500 paid subscribers in our first year:&nbsp;&nbsp; When we joined Substack, we immediately treated&nbsp; it as a business, a growth, and marketing channel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many creators pretend Substack isn't social media,&nbsp; but it has similar growth features. To succeed,&nbsp;&nbsp; treat your publication as a business—focused,&nbsp; consistent, and valuable to your readers. Finally, you need solid systems and&nbsp; repeatable workflows to achieve the&nbsp;&nbsp; best results efficiently. I hope these tips&nbsp; help you build a strong, engaged audience. Let me know in the comments which tip you'll&nbsp; implement first. If you enjoyed the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; hit like, subscribe, and grab your free Substack&nbsp; Bestseller Workbook in the description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sinemgunel [9 likes]: 🧡 Subscribe to Write • Build • Scale for weekly tips to grow your audience and monetize your writing: https://writebuildscale.com/
  2. @mellywithy [3 likes]: I just made a Substack but disclaimer!!: it’s not a niche haha. I’m a designer so yes my focus is kinda from a designers perspective like always (can’t help it) but my idea of my Substack is: I love researching all kind of topics … and everything I find about a certain topic I share in an article :) anything from history, art, design, theories, etc.
  3. @scantheworldforever [2 likes]: Great Video Sinem, well done. Learnd a lot.
  4. @shara-raejansen395 [2 likes]: Thank you for providing valuable tips for free! I've watched several of your videos and they have given me a path to follow forward as I begin my substack. I appreciate your emphasis on community, kindness, and remembering that we are interacting with real people across the screen.
  5. @claudiasibesteanu9126 [1 likes]: I read some google Seo comments earlier... do you do research on google trends to know what people are looking for?
  6. @integratedwellness333 [1 likes]: Infinite love and gratitude to you all... thank you 🤲💜💫
  7. @rebeccaklobucher [1 likes]: Thank you, and first we will implement your first step - identifying the promise for readers.
  8. @kayjewlerz [1 likes]: is it better on substack if you write to teach people something? I've noticed a lot of big publications are educational, but that's not my thing personally and I want to write on a platform that's receptive to writings that are more creative
  9. @onezenbun [1 likes]: What if you have an audience or an email list?
  10. @Unsupervised-supervisor [1 likes]: Fantastic advice! Thank you!  "They might not know what we 're doing on our little computers"  lol !  Nailed it! I've had to tell so many people what Substack even is when they say, "Oh, you write? Where?"
  11. @ThereseBes [1 likes]: What about writing local publications for substack
  12. @wendyvarnerdesigns [1 likes]: Thank you! I tried to post but am getting a message that says “please set a title”. I can’t figure out what I’m doing wrong.
  13. @johnwatts219 [1 likes]: So is there not any hope for the personal essay on Substack? It's funny that's largely what I thought it was for. I must be quite mistaken.
  14. @lfyoung [1 likes]: Just got my Substack account, I found your YouTube post. Very helpful but I’m not trying to teach anything. I love to write poetry, short stories and my personal philosophies on life. 

Guess I’ll have to hope people don’t mind my writing and want to read it more in the future.
  15. @bennet_du_paris: 13:00 that's what im talking abt! Substack is just another social, and it tries rlly hard to be next Twitter. Ppl just dont get it
  16. @graemewatson2296: Thanks. Any advice on how to receive cash from Substack subscribers  to my bank accounts in Taiiwan?
  17. @SaraStilson-b8e: Consistency
  18. @Crowka274: Ur 2 cute 2 b a wrytr.
  19. @Austin-LawandEthics: I can't even get a substack account created so . .
  20. @kreativethinker5987: You grow like crazy IF you teach how to grow on substack.

- My Actual Social Media Strategy For 2026: Kind: captions Language: en We got 32.7 million views on YouTube this month. Here is how. So, I posted 35,000 pieces of content this year. We did a $100 million book launch for $100 million money models. In 72 hours, 3 days, we did over $100 million in sales. The issue that most people struggle with is that you're making not enough content, number one, and the types of content that you're making are not attracting the types of customers you want. The promise that I have for you today is that I will show you a framework that I have called SPCL, like special if you want, but it's how to build influence rather than how to get as many views as possible or anything like that. All right? All right, but it's a four-part framework and I want to break down each of the four components for you so that you can think about how you want to approach making content. All right, and building a brand in general. SPCL, these are letters and hopefully overhead cam works. All right, so S P C L. So what do these actually stand for? All right, so number one is status. And this is why you hear me talk about proof so much. But how do you define status from an operational perspective? For those of you who are new to the channel, I like to operationalize things. Meaning like I like to look at objective reality and describe how you would see it with your eyes rather than try and put a whole bunch of like emotional words around stuff because these are the like that type of language is what confused me for a very long time when I was coming up. And it was only after I started defining things by what I could see, what I could observe did reality feel like sharper, more crisp to me. And my ability to predict what was going to happen next increased by a lot. And so this is why I I talk in this way. So how do I find status? So status is someone who controls reinforcers in a given environment. So that's a little bit fancy word, but fundamentally if you control the good stuff that people want, then you will have status no matter what it is, right? And so the simplest example I have is like if you go to a bar and it's a busy bar and there's a bartender and you have to get the bartender attention in order to get a drink or booze, that guy in that moment has status. He controls a scarce resource, right? But if that guy walks out of the bar no longer controlling that scarce resource, he does not have the same status or even close to it, right? like outside of the bar, he's not getting tips every every single 5 seconds when he like moves his hands a little bit and like says something nice. People aren't waving money at him as he walks in the street. Of course not. It's because he has status in one condition and he doesn't have another. Now, what's interesting about all four of these elements that I'm going to break down, they all can work independently, but the idea is that you want all four to be stacked together. And this is what gives you the most influence, right? So, like any of these four on their own would give you influence. Like that bartender, if he just says that, he would have some level of influence. And I'll give you a different example of this. If a kid inherits money, right, they're going to have uh status, right? Like if you just if you have money, even if you didn't earn it, even if you didn't anything, if you have money, you will have some degree of status because you control something other people want. Period. That's how it works. All right? But would that kid who has money have the same status as a kid who has money who also gave you, you know, 10 different cryptocoin picks that all popped off, right? Well, if he gave you 10 different picks and you followed them and they all popped off, how much more influence would that person have over them saying, "Hey, you should put money in this." Or, "Hey, you should, you know, give me money for XYZ or whatever it is." Obviously, I'm talking money because I'm I'm a business person first, but like think about how much more influence version two would have with just two of those things versus version one. That's the difference. But if you have all four, that's when you get you become super sad. So, status is number one. So, you control scarce resources. Power is number two. I would say if I had to only pick one, I would pick power. And I'll explain why. Power comes from something in the behavioral dynamics world called say do correspondence. What that means is if I say something and then you do it and then a good thing occurs, a reinforcing event happens afterwards. You are more likely to comply with a following request. Right? So said differently. I gave you the example of the guy who says, "Hey, here's 10 stock picks." You buy them and then a good thing happens. The thing goes up. Great. So that person has status and power which is why they are more influential than the trust fund kid who just has money. And so to the same degree for many of you who are trying to make content one it's like okay status I want to demonstrate that I control a scarce resource that some people might want right um and so what makes this a little bit more muddied is that sometimes one event can check multiple boxes. And so I'll give you a simple example. When we launched the book we did 100 million plus in sales. That in and of itself, me having money from the event gives me status. Me saying, "Hey, you can launch stuff in this way gives me credibility, right? Because I show that I have an event, I have something that has happened as a result of me doing it, that gives me third party credibility. There's something that you can observe with your eyes, right? The reason that my ads do well when I have my, you know, $10 million building behind me is like, oh, well, that's hard to fake, right? And so, you have credibility there. And so, one event like selling a company can give you money. It can give you credibility. And then if I give people directions on how they can do things that are similar and then good things happen, then all of a sudden you get power. And then the last is likeness. I know I'm skipping around, but hey, we're live. We're having a good time. All right. And so credibility is number three. And I'm going to go in more detail on all these. All right. And then likeness. So what's likeness? So likeness is that you see some this is some people say relatability. This can be both uh psychological in terms of you share similar values with this person. you like you like their vibe, whatever you want to say, right? You like their behavior set and it and that behavior set matches to people who have been positive in your life in the past. Or they literally just look like you, right? So like Leila and I could talk about the exact same stuff, but she's a girl and so she's going to have more chicks who follow her than me. And for the for the few ladies who do follow me, I appreciate you. I really do. Uh but I have like an 89% male audience. And so maybe it's it's because of the topic. But I would think, you know, at my onset, I think, oh, it's because I talk about money and I talk about business, that's why I have a more male audience. But Laya, I think, is like 54% female. and she talks about almost exclusively money and business. Um obviously she talked about some mindset stuff too but I I say this to say okay if we have these four things and these are the things that create influence and I would define influence as um high likelihood of compliance with requests. So what does that mean? So, if I say, "Hey, you know, grab my new book." Or I say, "Hey, come to this webinar." "Hey, I'm going live. Like, come check it out." Or, "Hey, you should come to a workshop." Whatever it is, right? You make some sort of solicitation, and it could be like or subscribe, it doesn't matter. Like there's levels of how quot big of an ask something is. If anybody's played like a video game, it's like you have like a role for like Dungeons and Dragons, and it like depends on how how charismatic, how much influence you have, how high of a role or how low of a role rather, you'd need in order to be successful with the request, right? And so if you want to stack that stat for you, then if you want to minmax your influence, if you will, then you want to stack all four of these things. Okay, you're like, "Okay, I think I'm I'm following with this." So how does this relate to content? So first off, starting from the back, likeness, I think so much more of it is just like just be you. There's zero ROI in trying to be or act in a way that is different than who you are. It's it's a relatively trit message, but like most people are NPCs. Most people say pre-recorded scripts. They look at like the four different outfit, you know, combinations that exist for different kind of mental stereotypes. It's like, "Oh yeah, guy who loves barbecue and craft beers. Oh yeah, that's that that's that archetype. I'm just going to be that archetype." Or you've got like hipster bro who likes hipster right? Or you've got uh you know like just bro, right? You've got just like stir bro. And people somewhat put me in that status, but I also like for a few years was wearing like sandals that look like really weird. And I wore those and that was not broy at all, but like I wore them cuz they were super comfortable and I didn't have to like wear socks, which is a big thing for me. Anyways, but point is like I think what makes you unique if is if you actually lean into the the nuances that make you you and actually have a way to defend why you do what you do. Because most people don't even think about why they do what they do. And if you do things and you don't know why, it's not it's because you're following someone else's directions for your life rather than your own. weird like real. And so so much of us have been programmed by people earlier in our lives. And I say programmed as though we're like machines, but what person do you think in your life has super high max status, power, credibility, and likeness? Maxed out earlier on in your life. It's your parents, right? It's your parents. So think about all four of these elements. Status. Do your parents control scarce resources? Things you want? They've got money and they've got toys that they can buy you. They've got food. They have act like they control your shelter. Like they have huge amounts of status in your life because they control all the scarcest resources, all the things you want. These are not binaries. So don't think like, oh, I have status. I don't have status. It's to what degree do you have status, right? Like if somebody's got more money than you, they might have some status. If you've got $1 and someone's got 10 grand, they got more status than you, right? But if someone's a billionaire, they have way more status than the guy who's 10,000, right? So again, think not in binaries, yes or no, but think in continuums. So the next one is think about your parents power. How many reinforcement cycles do you assume that your parents had from the time you were born? And when I say reinforcement cycles, it means like they said do this. You did that thing and then a good thing happened. Now, you might be like, I hate my dad or hate my mom or whatever your thing is. I don't really care. That doesn't matter for this purpose. The idea is that they probably said don't go in the street or don't do that and you avoided a bad thing or do this and then a good thing happened, right? You tied your shoes the first time. You put the two bunny ears together. You tied your shoes. Good thing happened. They you followed their directions. Think about how many times a parent has given you directions and you followed them and a bad thing was avoided or a good thing happened. Many. And so it makes sense that not only do they have a lot of status, they have a lot of power. What else do they have? Credibility. Now, this is one where I think parents sometimes might lack compared to the other things. If you have a parent who also has credibility in that specific, you know, realm of whatever it is that they're talking about, then you have even more influence on you. And then finally, for a parent, are they like you? Yeah, they literally look like you, right? And often times they share similar values to you to a degree. Obviously, some people just go polar opposite from their parents. That's fine. But I'm talking in sweeping generalities for most people. This should at least explain or break down like why do parents have so much power over us? How how do they have so much influence over our behaviors? You might not even want to listen to your parents. You might even like your parents, but you can still feel that they you have to like resist their requests because you are so programmed based on these elements of behavior to comply with their requests. All right? And so then the idea is how do we take these four elements and then how do we reverse engineer these into the content that we have so that we can build up true influence like and again we're defining influence as the likelihood of a compliance with a request, right? And that likelihood will depend on the nature of the request and how much your SPCL is in relation to that thing. Right? If I was giving out fashion tips, I probably don't have a lot of credibility for fashion tips, right? I don't know if I control any scarce resources around fashion. I have no I have no fashion hookups. Um I probably haven't given anyone specific fashion tips. I have no third party anything for credibility for it. And you probably don't look like me. And so like I probably would have very low influence to some degree they can generalize as you go up and up and up but um you have more influence in domain specificity. If we know these are the four things, status, power, credibility, likeness, then for each of these things in our videos, right, we want to demonstrate that we control scarce resources. And so for me, like at the very beginning, if you think about what the intro was, right, so I said we did, you know, $32.7 million views and we did overund, you know, 5 something million in sales for the book launch in 72 hours. And so that's me demonstrating status. I have these things, right? Then power. So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to break down four things. So, you can follow and if you follow these things, you're going to be more likely to get people going to comply with your future requests. And so, that means that they're not just going to watch your video, but they're going to be more likely to one, watch a next video. And if you have any kind of call to action in the video, whatever level of call to action that is for you, whether it's subscribe or like or share or or, you know, buy something that's small or you know, set up or call or whatever it is that you sell, then this is going to be second, right? like uh that you you'll have included that in your content. So then credibility is going to be the third party stuff. So the reason that I had at my launch for example, I had Guinness, I had to pay those judges uh to be on site was because I wanted to validate that the the books that we did and the revenue that we generated was legit, right? So I had a a third party that most people um respect as like a legitimate corporation that their entire business is based on trust that they validate and verify proof that these records were broken. And so that gives credibility. The likeness piece, like I said earlier, is just you being you, right? And so that's why I'm actually super pumped to do these live streams because this is like I honestly hate making YouTube videos. What I mean that is like staring at a camera and having like, you know, prompts to, you know, solicit me to say stuff. Like I will do it because I have a relatively high pain tolerance and I'll do what is required to get what I want. But like I'm I'm going all in on this. So if you guys are like, "What's Alex's kind of like media strategy for the future?" I'm I'm I'm focusing on two words. You can write this down. live interactive. Those are the two things that's that is describing the uh ACQ, you know, 3.0 or Mosy Media 3.0 vision for what's going forward. Like that is what I'm focusing on. And I'll tell you a story of why why I think this is so interesting. So, I had a conversation with a mega influencer. I don't think you would mind um with Mr. Beast a few weeks ago and we were talking about kind of like the future of media and content. One of the things that he was just talking about was um this soccer game that came up uh that they do like UK versus US. What ends up happening is that they have all these different celebrities or influencers from different platforms, right? And so starting from the lowest the lowest people on this little totem pole, they would walk out in the stadium and this became the kind of the def de facto like measuring stick for who had who had the most cool points, right? These are the A-listers. And so this is your typical kind of celebs from like movies and like 90s and the 2000s or whatever, right? people like they recognize cuz they're celebs, but like they don't have like huge I guess they have some media presence, but it's more like traditional media. The level of applause for these guys was almost nothing. Barely anyone cared. So then the next level that came up was the shorts, the shorts creators. So this is your like only Tik Tockers or people who only make reals, but like only short videos. And so they had a little bit more applause on the applause meter compared to the A-listers. Then the long form guys came out and this is when the audience got way rowdier. All right, so this is your podcasters, your YouTubers, the people who make long form pieces of content. And I'm going to pause here for a second to kind of like highlight why I think this is. I don't think there's anything wrong with shorts. We make tons of shorts. But I see the purpose of shorts as many times a way to get someone to watch a long, right? They watch a couple a couple shorts and then think, "Okay, this guy seems legit or this gal seems legit. I'm going to risk my time." Because that's the risk. They're making an investment, right? you're making an investment today. I will risk I'm going to get a good return on this, right? And so shorts then lead to longs. But let me show you the difference from an influence perspective. How many reinforcing cycles do you think you can have in 30 seconds compared to 2 hours? It's like not even close. And so if someone watched two 1-hour pieces of content for me, period, okay, two 1 hour pieces, 120 minutes for me to get that same level of exposure and kind of cycles of reinforcement with a prospect and they were only consuming shorts, right? Let's say my average short, let's say it's 15 seconds. So that means that's four shorts per minute. So if I have 120 minutes for longs, I have to do someone would have to watch 480 shorts to have the same level of exposure as watching 2 hours with me. And think about how how important this is. What were the things that people said like this was the quote podcast election. Trump went on and I don't care about the politics behind it, but I do care about influence and persuasion. And so, like, why is it that the two podcasts that I think really nudged this election, my opinion is the Trump three-hour plus podcast that he did with Rogan like a week or whatever it was, I think that was a huge influential event. I think Elon getting on uh Tucker Tucker Carlson and doing that interview. I think those two interviews were some of the interviews that really nudged the election. And again, I don't care who you voted for. It doesn't matter to me. I think about this from marketing persuasion, okay? And so because of that, audiences who were not sure got to spend three hours with a presidential candidate and as a result, it just nudged some of them in the direction to ultimately vote. Okay, now back to our little story. A-listers have almost no applause. Shorts have slight applause. Longs have legit applause. Then the live streamers, when the live streamers came out, it was like the entire auditorium or stadium or arena erupted. And when I heard that, it was such a visual example of I mean, we have this saying which is like butts and seats. If you just make a bunch of like meme content, right, you demonstrate almost none of these things. Some of you guys are chasing views when what I think you want is you want to have prospects who are more likely to comply with a future request. And so we need to change our behavior to maximize the likely that occurs. And so in in looking at this thing, this is why I'm I'm telling you like showing my cards, I'm going to be doing more live streams. And I think is also and this is me like outside of SPCL, but I think like meta themes overall. I think that the internet will always move towards truth. And so I think the A-listers, everything's super curated, everything's super polished, it's photoshopped, it's scripted, and as you move closer this way, it's rawer. Like you have a three-hour podcast, like they're not scripted, right? Or most of them aren't, right? Um streaming, it's like, yeah, we're live, right? I can't do anything. Like we're live. This idea of of how can we approximate the rawest reality of you us hanging out, right? and actually going through this stuff. I think that is what will unlock the most influence as long as you are still including these SPCL elements into it. And I think that's the marriage. Do SPCL and do it as many times as I possibly can. That's the idea. And so live streaming provides that that opportunity. Let's also think about this from a context of volume. Whether you like him or not, Rogan, tremendous influence, right? To the same degree. PBD, tremendous influence. Uh Dave Ramsey, tremendous influence. What is it that these guys have in common? They're putting out hours of content every single day. So, I said earlier that we had 35,000 pieces of content, right? I hear plenty of times there's tons of, you know, $1 million businesses, $2 million businesses, things like that. They put out one piece of content a day, right? And there's nothing wrong with that. That's 365 pieces of content a year. And if you think about the size of acquisition.com in terms of our revenue, right? compared to somebody who's doing one or $2 million a year and they're doing 365 pieces of content, we're just quite literally doing a hundred times more. And as a result of that 100 times the volume, what do you think's happening? We get a 100 times the prospect. And so people want to try and like outsmart themselves and thinking that they can like not do the work that's required, but it's actually far more linear than you would expect. So like we just know that like one out of 10, you know, shorts is going to go, you know, is going to be a two or three outlier. We just know what that math looks like. Same thing for longs. How do I just jam as much into that input output machine as I possibly can? And as long as I'm checking these boxes like I'm making the right kind of content, then you're going to get the right kind of prospects. So, I'll give you one more nugget like I said, which is that some of you guys may have heard this and it's a concept of social media is now turning into interest media. Okay, so what does this mean? Let's unpack this for a second. If you make content and you judge it by views, I think that's dumb. And I'll explain why. If I have a a grandma in public come and just do a running slap and just slaps me across the face, that video will probably get views. But does it get the grandma views? No. Does it get me any any more people who now believe more in my stuff? No. But what it will do is it will show it to people who are interested in humor, which is a lot of people, right? But those might not be your customers, and they probably aren't. So assuming you're not an entertainer and you are somebody who's a business person. If you sell services to anyone, you're likely going to be an educator, not an entertainer. Meaning you're you're you're trying to provide value to people to change their behavior in some way. And ideally changing behavior that gets them to walk closer to you and buy stuff. Okay. So what do I mean by social versus interest? If you want to attract the right avatar, make content for that avatar. That sounds so obvious and simple. And the thing is that no one does it because here's the right or downer. The content is the targeting. The algorithm is so good now. It knows what you're talking about. It it knows it can it can literally judge your your background. It judges what you're wearing. It judges who you are and will display it to the people that they know have a history of watching content that is similar to that that people find valuable. And so if you're making stuff about how to fix pianos because you're a piano repair guy, then you will find people who are trying to fix their pianos. But if you're making that type of content, you might be like, "Man, I'm only getting, you know, a,000 views a video." It's like, yeah, but the market of people who are buying pianos might be significantly smaller than the market of people who just want to be entertained or distracted. So, it's not fair to to compare your views against Mr. Beasts. It doesn't make any sense. If I were to think to myself like, I have a room of a thousand people that are going to watch this and all of them are only interested in fixing pianos. That's a hell of an opportunity. I care so much more about IRL responses. So, what do I mean by that? If I make a video and then I get texts from business owners that I like and that I respect being like, "Yo, that was fire." Then I'm like, "Okay, I'm on the right track." And so some of you guys, let me know in the comments you guys have seen um a format that we've talked about. We call cash cows, but basically it's me, there's a business owner that presents a little bit about their business and they come to this side and we talk about how to like how to improve their business, right? So let me know in the comments if you like that style. And if you do, let me know if you're a business owner or not. Okay? So, uh like I like that style and I'm not a business owner. I like that style and I am a business owner. Or I don't like that style and I'm a business owner or I don't like that style and I'm not a business owner. If you are a business owner, when I have people who are here in person, IRL, in real life in Vegas, right? Business owners who fly out. I ask, I say, "What is your favorite type of content?" Dollars to donuts. That's their favorite type of content. And so, I make more of that. Even though, and it would make sense like it would make sense that there's fewer of those people, right? Just think about math. If you've got uh if you got the whole population here, let me I'll show you a little graph on this. So let's say that 100% of people like this represents 100%. Uh let's just use USA because I already know all the numbers for USA. Okay. So let's say this is 100%. All right. You get 100% of people are interested. Okay. Well, right now only 9% of people even own a business. Like 9%. So right off the bat I'm going to have a huge percentage of people that aren't my ideal audience. Now, of course, I do have people who are business interested and that's why I'm a co-founder of school and we give people, you know, a way to go uh start a business online in in in a lowcost way, right? Which you can do. It's n bucks a month after a 14-day trial. You guys can check it out. And there's a bunch of like training and community and all that good stuff. All right? But you can go school.com, I think, for/orosi. I think it's below this video. Doesn't matter. Point big. 9% is what I'm competing for. Okay? Now, that means there's about 32 to 33 million uh business owners in the US. Okay? 32 million. That's that's 100% of all business owners. Now, within that, 95% of that 9% is below $1 million in revenue. 95%. Then I've got 5% of that 9% that are over a million. Now, if you want to get if you want to get weird with it, what percent do you think is over 10 million? 4%. 1 in 250. And then a hundred million, nine figures, is I think one in roughly 3,000 depending on like your data source. One in 3,000 businesses gets to 100 million a year. This big. And so it would make sense then that we've given these numbers, right? 9% is is 32 million. So out of 5% of that is only be a million and a half people. There's only a million and a half people who are business owners doing over a million based on the math that they that that this is Census Bureau data. Maybe theirs isn't correct, but that's the math, right? And so if we're looking at that's the market, then it would make sense that I'm not going to get all 100% of them to watch my video, right? If I got one and a half million views and 100% of them were business owners, that would be insane, right? And so it would make sense that like if I get 100,000 views on a video that has that's really made for that level of business owner, then I'm crushing it, right? And it doesn't make sense to look at, you know, Mr. Beast video with 100 million views and be like, "Oh man, I suck." It's like, dude, we're going after we have different we have different games, right? And so I'd encourage you to create accurate expectations of the size of the market that you're going after and also think about the translation of these numbers into IRL. I have two businesses that I looked at in the last year that were doing over a million dollars a year with less than 5,000 followers. You absolutely can make plenty of money with a very small following as long as you make content that's directly valuable for that following. All right, with that being said, uh we just went over SPCL, status, power, credibility, and likeness. what you want to include in your videos, why I'm going all in on live stream, and why the whole point is you want to get as much time with your uh prospects as humanly possible. You want to make the topics of your content based on the things that those people find interesting, not uh based on like being social, but being interesting. And if you get if you make it interesting for them, they will keep watching it. And then being realistic about your expectations on how many views you can get based on your size of

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [71 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap
The easiest business I can help you start (free trial): https://www.skool.com/hormozi
  2. @KalebBefekadu: Business owner - Love this type of content
  3. @Impactdaily1: This is amazing
  4. @ladywest1984: Love that style, business owner.
  5. @MdSakil-bb9pf: I thought I needed one perfect pillar, but you’re saying brute volume surfaces the signal. My Gainsty feed proves the “wrong” posts attract the wrong crowd fast.
  6. @subscriber1k-y5v: lowkey had no idea what i was doing lol
  7. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is way more clear than other stuff i've seen
  8. @sujatarawal7606: totally gonna try this out for my page
  9. @goldvatikashirts: appreciate the straight talk man
  10. @GildasMayouma: appreciate the straightforward tips man 🙌
  11. @AIInspireShorts: this is such a fresh take on social media
  12. @EthanBagui: just what i needed to rethink my strategy
  13. @fisumantutorial: wait this made me think differently
  14. @jennifer2785-b3g: the “make a significant amount of content” part is the hardest. like where’s the time if you’re also running the business. Wisewand feels adjacent but still… time.
  15. @Amitrana-x1: never thought about it like this 🔥
  16. @SubashaNishad-o9r: this was super helpful, thanks man
  17. @sr.shahidlivechannel1219: i love how straightforward you are
  18. @ApolotSuzan: i gotta try some of this stuff
  19. @ahmedmagdy7676: Credibility isn’t just testimonials, it’s consistent claims. AICarma keeps catching tiny wording changes from LLMs that mirror my last month of posts.
  20. @LilMatrix-b2t4r: bruh this is the info i needed

- How To Promote OnlyFans on Reddit (2025 Updated): Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome to part one of my comprehensive guide on Reddit marketing for only fans creators today I will be covering everything you need to know about setting up and optimizing your Reddit presence I did try to break it down as simple as possible for you guys but this is going to be a detailed walkthrough so I recommend grabbing a notebook before we get into the technical setup you need to First understand why Reddit is such a powerful platform Reddit has over 430 million active users and thousand of specialized communities so this gives you so many opportunities for you to reach your target audience I would say the main difference between Reddit and other social platforms is that users go there specifically looking for authentic content and real connections okay now that you understand why Reddit is so powerful we can move on to the technical setup there are three things that you need which is network data Reddit accounts and an anti-d browser for network data there's mobile proxy or a SIM card for for mobile proxy you should be looking for low fraud scores consistent uptime good rotation options and reasonable pricing I recommend avoiding overprice popular options I also want to mention that if you have a poor quality proxy your account is 100% going to get banned I recommend working with private providers rather than well-known services like proxy Empire the key is finding someone who can provide fresh unused IPS consistently if you're looking for Reliable proxy providers there's going to be some Linked In in the description quality Reddit accounts are your foundation for success and here is what you'll need aged Accounts at least 6 months old minimum 300 Comon Karma High contributor quality score and a clean posting history you should also expect to invest between 40 to $120 per account on average I would say it's about $60 per account now for the anti-d detect browsers you have two main options which is dolphin and ads power dolphin is completely free and it's perfect for beginners it also is reliable but it has basic features if you're looking for something that's more advanced I recommend going with ads power ads power is about $15 to $50 per month but it is better for team collaboration it has more advanced features and it has better profile management all right now let's move on to the warm-up process which is absolutely crucial for long-term success the warm-up process is essentially humanizing your account I will also be giving you guys a day-by-day warm-up schedule that you can follow after the warm-up period it is time to start optim izing your account for Maximum Impact you are going to pin two posts to your profile which is going to be the verification picture and the welcome video the verification picture is going to be a clear photo with username and date professional but approachable pose and good lighting and quality the welcome video is going to show off your personality explains what you offer creates emotional connection and includes subtle calls to action there's also two things that are completely optional if you want to pin them to your profile it's completely up to you the first option is going to be pinning your only fans link I recommend only doing your Instagram or your Twitter link because you can get banned if you pin your only fans link option number two is just posting an album of you which is essentially just photos of yourself you are also going to optimize your bio and your bio should include a brief engaging introduction your Niche or specialty what followers can expect and a clear call to action now that you have optimized your account you want to start getting traffic to start getting traffic you want to do 25 posts per day on different subreddits and post them at least separated of 5 minutes you also never want to reuse the same content twice you also want to focus on quality content and you want to find what does the best for you such as a picture versus a gif you also want to focus on Niche content if you don't have a niche you can research successful creators in your space you can identify underserved markets or you can develop your own unique angle for optimal reach you also want to post during peak hours maintain assisted presence and engage with comments quickly it is also super important for you to reply to the comments and DMS this process is going to keep your account as human as possible and keeps your cqs high this strategy is going to bring in 5 to 20 paid Subs per day I also want to touch on some common mistakes that you should avoid and these mistakes include rushing the warm-up process using generic content ignoring Community rules over promoting too quickly buying a cheap proxy and being discouraged after a ban you could do everything perfectly and still be banned buy a new account or form a new account and start again remember success on Reddit is a marathon not a Sprint you want to take time to build genuine connections and provide real value to your communities in my next video I am going to dive deeper into advanced posting strategies and engagement techniques don't forget to like comment and subscribe and hit that notifications Bell to catch part two of this series drop any questions in the comments below

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikeylouis9301 [3 likes]: good shit Layla, would love to see more from you! thanks
  2. @MadenzoOFM [3 likes]: Thanks for the value, commenting for the algo ;-)
  3. @curvycherrywells [2 likes]: How long does it take you to gain subscribers on OF from Reddit
  4. @whassupsuki [2 likes]: thank you
  5. @tonigonzalaced [1 likes]: Thank you for the info! Please bring up your volume.
  6. @VincenzoVincenzo-s7x: Please post more videos about reddit. How to create reddit account with proxy Please 🙏
  7. @CarlyBelding: Right? What is proxy? And how can I even find that?
  8. @jemarieespares7147: where do you buy account?
  9. @LighhtTheWay: Where do you buy the account
  10. @LighhtTheWay: Hello i have an agency i need a collab with a promotion agency  only got two model hard to manage traffic

- How to Promote Fansly on Reddit (2024) | Fansly Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en here is how to promote fely on redit hello everyone welcome back to app tutorial in this video we will discuss how you can promote fely on Reddit so let's start first of all while talking about promoting your fanly on Reddit the basic information that you need to keep in mind is that you can't directly promote any third party sites or applications on the Reddit platform so you have to use some of the Twisted method such as using your referral code using your links and other things so for that simply go to redit and log into your account now after you have opened Reddit the first thing that you need to do is copy and paste the link of your fanly profile on your Reddit profile after that make sure you also provide your fancy referral code through this you can on commissions if any other people join the platform after that ensure all of your links are working and they are correct many times people enter a wrong Link in their profile which can hamper your growth now after you have provided a pathway to your fany profile the next step is to start gaining followers or some audience interactions in your post so upload as many post on redit as you can on the respective Reddit communities in order to promote yourself make sure they are interactive and reach a wide group of people as you continue doing these promotional steps more people will watch your edit post and then eventually come to look for your profile as they look for your profile they'll find a link to your fanley profile along with the referral code so when they tap on that link and come to your profile you'll gain noticeable growth on your fanley account so by doing these steps you can promote your fanley account or fanley page on Reddit that's it for the video make sure to subscribe to the channel for further similar videos and drop a like if you found this helpful

- HOW TO PROMOTE #FANSLY ON REDDIT | PART 1: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello welcome or welcome back to my channel my name is Gabby or Grace in this video I'm finally starting a Reddit tutorial I know some of you have been waiting for this for a long time before we start a little bit of housekeeping please like this video subscribe to my channel if you haven't already I see you I see you watching my video and you're not even subscribe so please do that and don't get too excited because yeah there's a little bit of prep before I actually post my Reddit tutorial and the reason why I wanted to have two parts to this Reddit tutorial is because when I personally watch a tutorial I want to be able to follow the steps and at the beginning when you start with Reddit you're not going to be able to post or comment so it's going to be a little bit frustrating so I just really want it to go through the basics with you and the setup and then in two weeks I will be posting the actual tutorial the reason why to the reason why I'm waiting two weeks is because most of the subreddit ask you that your account is older than minimum two or three days up to two weeks and some even a month okay so for those who are new to the space and you don't really know what Reddit is and you're really confused don't worry I was also confused at the beginning Reddit is a social media I'd say it's like a forum where you have subreddits so it's like communities they can be as small as you know 50 100 people and then there's like communities with like millions and thousands of people and so they all have themes some of them are not safe for work and then others are safe for work you can literally find everything on a Reddit so even if you're not searching for anything that is related to only fans or fancy if you have a question for I don't know a software a camera YouTube and literally anything you can search that on the Reddit and ask your questions and so how it works is that once you have your account and you just started you're a little bit limited because they're trying to avoid spam and so the longer the older your account is the better and so basically when you post in a subreddit you have what we call upvotes and down votes so upvote is a like and a download is a dislike and this gives you what we call Karma you have post Karma and you have a comment Karma and so basically for you to gain Karma you need to have people avoiding your post but just be aware if people down vote your post your karma is gonna go down so just make sure you don't get into controversial like topics or whatever because it can go down real fast these are really the basics like you need Karma compost and to get the karma you need to post and comment I know it's a little bit so for me personally when I started with Reddit I got most of my karma by answering posts so like commenting or whatever until I was able to post after a few days or a few weeks um some subreddit they don't really tell you how many Karma you need unfortunately so you don't really know so you just need to keep on trying so there are a few things that I'm gonna ask you to do don't ask why just do it and then it will all make sense later so the first thing that you got to do is create two Reddit accounts one will be with your handle your brand and then the second one it can be generated by Reddit it doesn't matter just whatever you want to do or if you want to give it a name you can do that if you already have a Reddit account then just keep that one and then we'll work with this one but also create a second one and the reason why I'm asking you to create two Reddit account is because one will be for you to promote your non-safe award content and then the other one will be for you to ask questions in the different communities so the second reason why I'm asking to create two accounts is because so on your profile you have the option to show where you're posting so on which subreddit you're posting and you also have an option for people to follow you and so basically everything you're going to be posting people are going to be able to see them and so sometimes you will have questions and you'll go in subreddits and I feel like having that on your feed where your customers are looking at your content is not the best so it's good if you have two separate accounts and like I said in my other video I will show you how to set up your account for now you just create the two accounts you don't post a description you don't post a picture none of that just let it sit let it marinate and we'll do all the rest later so these are the first two things that I'm going to ask you to do then the second thing is create an account on red GIF GIF GIF whatever and then the other one on emo I don't know I don't know how you pronounce it but I will leave it on the screen um so emo Guru and red chief I believe that they have an app so download the apps create an account and again just leave it it'll be useful later on then the first thing that I'm gonna ask you to do is join my community obviously um so I decided to create a community on Reddit because it's just gonna be easier for me to answer your questions because for now I have the Discord server but I'm gonna be honest I'm not on Discord that much and so if you have any questions or if you want to connect with other creators it's best if you are on Reddit I'm Every Day on Reddit I personally love Reddit so yeah I'll leave a link to the community down below just request and I will gladly accept it so join that Community with your second account so not the main account but the second account and then you can also join these other two communities that are for creators so one is for fancy advice and then the other one is for creators in general and then lastly I have a little bit of homework for you so during the time that you are going to let your accounts sit what I want you to do is start searching for subreddits that align with your Niche and also your features so I'm just going to take myself an example I am black I am a bigger girl I have big boobs and I have piercings and tattoos so I literally search for every single non-safer work subreddit that had big tits uh pierced pierced its tattooed girl like whatever just like BBW curvy chubby any anything that is related to your to you different parts of your body or even your sexuality uh just go on there even there's like short head girl uh long hair girl a redhead girl like there are so many subreddits so start looking at the subreddits that align with all of that and read the rules read the rules and most importantly get verified and the verification process is a very simple you simply take a few pictures of yourself um with a piece of paper the name of the subreddit the date your handle and then you send it to the mod mail it's called mod mail so I will jump into my screen and I will quickly show you how to do that and you are going to use so that emo Gore app that I told you you're gonna use that to send to the mod mail your pictures so essentially this app and there are other website and apps where you can do the same is gonna help you post some pictures and some videos in subreddits so if you look into the subreddits you cannot upload directly a video you need to go through a third party don't ask me why I don't know but you just need to do that so Red Chief and immobile are one of them but for the pictures a lot of time they will ask you to go through I really don't know how to pronounce this say emo girl but whatever okay so the subreddit that I'm gonna show you how to verify is pierced nipples this is the last subreddit that I verified in and so most of the time they will have a pin post or in the description of the subreddit or in the rules you will find how to verify so here it says verification our subreddit is verified OC only it means original content um so how to get verified so firstly you get family realized with the rule so like I said just make sure you read the rules um and then so here it says send a message to pierce nipples modmail that contains at least three color pictures of you from three distinctly different angles so you know one like this one um so two different hang angles holding a sign in your hands that includes your exact Reddit username the day you are taking those pictures uh with the year and then you need to mention peers nipples to confirm this a lot of subreddits are linked so if you verify for one yeah if you verify for one you might be able to verify for multiple subreddits so read that as well so here it says if upload the images to imagure upload the image do not upload them to immigrants Gallery they will be deleted and you may get banned they don't allow not safer work images in the gallery Okay so I would advise not taking any pictures like naked just take a picture with your face and you'll be fine like I always take pictures I look like completely busted if I can find a picture I'll just put it on the screen but I don't know why they put that because don't so some subreddits they will have mothers that abuse their status and so they will say oh yeah to verify please send me pictures of you doing this or doing that just don't just forget about it don't do it just leave it because some people are just there for you know free and whatnot and I'm gonna go to the website so just create an account and then what you're gonna do is create a new post so you're gonna choose your pictures here I'm just gonna take like random picture um so yeah so you're gonna put all your pictures and then here it says your post is currently hidden yeah that's it okay so here I just put the title verification post you can put verification post for whatever subreddit you're trying to do so do not post a community simply grab a link copy the link and set that to The Malt mail so it's a hyperlink so you simply click here and you say verification put your link sent done and then you wait sometimes it takes a few hours sometimes it takes a few days depending on how busy they are um but it's pretty straightforward process and yeah just do that for as many subreddit as you possibly can and like I said just let your account marinate lastly what you can do to help you out with your karma is also search for safe for work subreddits and what I mean by that is I don't know if you have different interests so for example cats dogs boats tattoos whatever it is also advise you to join some subreddits like ask Reddit ask women of Reddit as men of Reddit and the last one is a mighty because on those subreddit I believe that you can post even if you don't if you have a low Karma but your account still needs to be at least a three days old to posting those and be genuine don't spam don't ask for upvotes just reply to post um like be a part of the community and then slowly build up your karma you can post in my subreddit but again don't be spammy I will do weekly threads so you can just like comment on them and I'll make sure to upvote all of your I mean I'll try to upload all of your comments and then other people if you're joining the community and you see someone posting just do the same just upload their posts vote their comments so it can help you build up your karma there are some somebody that are just like posting selfies and whatnot and so I would encourage doing that especially at the beginning and then later when you start posting in non-safe for work subreddit uh it's a little bit tricky because some of those subreddit will ban you because they don't want anyone uh promoting for only fans and fancy unfortunately so we'll talk about that in my next video I gave you a lot of homework and a lot of things to do but in the meantime you guys can check out my fancy playlist and if you have any questions feel free to leave them down below foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @figgyfatale [4 likes]: Thank you for the instructions for this!
  2. @nonikomaluleks317 [4 likes]: Hi darling. I like your hair. ❤️
  3. @OKBeauty [3 likes]: Wow thanks Gabi ! this is very helpful ! In reality the competition for attracting new subscribers has become so fierce. But there always be tricks that would work. I use a tg service, which boosts likes, upvotes_world. And of course creativity is crucial. It’s important to stand out from the rest of other models
  4. @thatESLteacherBri [2 likes]: 💖💖💖
  5. @Votre-o9d [1 likes]: Hey, I would like to watch part 2. Could you please share it with us?:)
  6. @suzannemoore7644 [1 likes]: Where do I find Part 2 of this tutorial?
  7. @chanirose8096 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for not gate keeping ❤
  8. @KinkyBelleFansly [1 likes]: Hi Gabi! I don't show my face in my content, is there a way I can still join subreddits? I suppose it depends on each mod of the subr? Maybe some will accept if I can use a new pic of me wearing the same clothes w/a sign with something specific written? Or is this just not acceptable across the board?
  9. @photograph-p1y [1 likes]: What's your fansly account?
  10. @gabiggray: Get my Spicy Creator Starter Pack (free): https://ko-fi.com/s/3dd8f6e191
  11. @suzannemoore7644: Thank you so much for this great information! I’m having difficulty finding you on Reddit. Could you please send me a link to your Reddit community?😊
  12. @cosmicloveasmr: Don't know if this is applicable to everyone or if it was just me but i had to go on the red gif website where they instructed on how to get the app. Whereas imgur was on google play.

- how to PROMOTE ONLYFANS on REDDIT!: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to another only fans video you asked and I am giving it to you today's video is all about how to promote on Reddit and Reddit has been the hardest place for me to figure it out but I finally figured it out after years I think it's actually one of the best places to promote because you can find really Niche audiences on Reddit and they're also very very dedicated you can find some really awesome fans on Reddit it also feels very not Anonymous but not as put on display as like posting on Instagram and Tick Tock where a lot of people's family and friends see their content so Reddit feels very Anonymous we'll put it that way and I think that's why so many people gravitate towards it but because of their strict rules on different subreddits I think a lot of people struggle with how to promote on Reddit today I'm going to go over some of my best tips and tricks on how you can promote your only fans and your family on Reddit first and foremost I'm gonna get the ones out of the way that I know you don't really want to hear about but I feel like are very very necessary to hear about so the first one is create good no not good create excellent content I think no matter what you do and no matter what platform you're putting your content on make sure it's Top Notch make sure it stands out above everybody else's you have to be making quality content for anyone to care if you are not already somebody in the public eye no one cares so figure out how you can make somebody care and I think the best way to start is creating top-notch quality content to do this I would make sure you're using good exciting you don't need to have the most fancy equipment but get a ring light use natural light make sure you're using good lighting that's like the first and foremost most important thing and then if you can upgrade your camera to a better camera those types of things make sure you know you're wiping your phone camera off um it's not all fuzzy because you can absolutely use your phone camera and honestly I use my phone camera for most of my only fans content but make sure you're wiping off like you know it gets dirty make sure you're wiping it off make sure it doesn't look fuzzy use a little tripod that's an easy simple tip and I promise you it'll take you far the next one is being consistent on any platform even on Reddit you need to be consistent you're not going to grow if you post a couple of pictures here and there and you're like oh why did I only get five likes well guess what consistency is key on any platform take it or leave it it's up to you and it's not going to happen overnight consistency isn't just going to reward you within a week of you posting you need to be posting for months on end for this to work for you next thing is building a brand for yourself across any platforms you need to be building a brand for yourself and this goes with only fans I feel like so many people think they can jump on only fans and they're gonna instantly get followers but why would someone follow you you need to create a brand for yourself you need to figure out whatever that brand is whatever if that's a niche or if that's based on your personality based on your style based on your aesthetic based on the niche that you choose of whatever content you make you need to build a brand you need to think about the colors lighting and the style that you take your photos you need to think about everything and create a brand goes for your Reddit as well when you think about building a brand for yourself maybe right away you don't know what that brand is that's okay every time you create content reflect on if it matches or if it goes along well with the last content you created it can be a better version of it but make sure that it still feels like streamlined like like this is coming from the same Creator this is this is my brand reflect on all your content and make sure that it looks like you if you take photos in natural light every single time and your photos are very raw with natural lighting and then all of a sudden you throw in like a dark edgy photo it doesn't look like you think about what your brand is think about how you want to take photos and create a brand now that we know the basics and I promise you those tips are going to take you far on any platform that you're promoting on now that we know the basics let's jump into the detailed tips and tricks on how to promote on Reddit you need to know the facts about Reddit so let's start with the first one which you probably won't know unless you've already done this mistake but once you create your Reddit username you can never change it so think about this when you're building your brand and if you haven't already created your Reddit username think about how it relates to your only Fan's name and your Instagram username and your Tick Tock username I would recommend having all the same username if you can because or at least something that looks similar so that you have this brand my Reddit username is so Random I don't know what I was thinking think about this if you are just now creating your Reddit and if you already haven't read it well it's too late next under know the facts is karma what is it and how do you build it so your karma is basically like how old you are on not how old you are I don't know it's like money no but it's not because you don't lose it it's basically how much how would you put Karma what is it karma is what you use but you don't use it because you don't lose it oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how do I put this karma is basically a number just like your Snapchat score so however much you use Reddit if you're posting and liking and you build Karma by interacting and posting and like doing stuff on Reddit and then that Karma allows you to post in bigger subreddits and it allows you to do more on the platform and it's not like you use it so once you have the number it's there it stays but it just the bigger the number the more you're able to do and the more you'll be accepted into new subreddits and bigger subreddits so we'll get into that but basically you want to build your karma the way you do this is by posting commenting you know interacting in the space one thing that I was very confused about when I first got on Reddit was I thought you could only post a certain amount and then it would stop you from posting but actually there's no limit to how much you can post there is limits in certain subreddits so in certain groups or Pages you are going to be limited and when you have such a low number of karma when you're first starting out you are limited on how fast you can be posting in a day but there is no like daily limit or anything like that except for there are limits in certain subreddits hopefully that makes sense okay like you can post them on subreddit and you can post in another subreddit then you can post another one and then you're not gonna be limited that way but you can't just keep posting in the same subreddit and there are different rules per subreddit next thing to know is upvote so when you find a subreddit or a page that you want to post in and say you get accepted and you can post in it you post your upvotes are when people give you basically like a thumbs up they give you a like they like your post and that actually builds your karma so you want upvotes whenever you do get an upvote it pushes you up in the ranks on that specific page so if you have a hundred upvotes and someone has 35 you're gonna be above them on the page so when you're scrolling you're gonna be first and that's what you want you want the uploads but in a lot of pages or subreddits you can't just straight up ask for upvotes so we will get to that so those are kind of like the facts about Reddit the next thing you want to know is more about subreddits you need to be able to find relevant subreddits to the type of creator that you are and your goals ultimately on the platform your goal is to find people to come to your own events so you need to find not suitable for work pages most likely and you can easily Google this but you can also do a search on Reddit you can search relevant keywords like busty brunette or big booty or things like that that are relevant to you like I can type in tattooed brunette girls or something like that and you can find certain subreddits that way what you can also do to find subreddits is going to other creators so once you find maybe a page that you like you you say busty brunette right you're in the page you click on a Creator and then you can go to her page and see all the subreddits that she posted and click on those and follow those pages as well so that's kind of how I have found pages I just kind of go through other girls or I Google search it and there are tons of forums and stuff like that that will have not suitable for work pages and there are also pages that are suitable for work that will that are relevant as well like um like face pages and um not nude but like sexy type of pages is that will also be just as relevant to help you gain Subs on your only fans so that is the first thing about subreddits what you want to start doing is finding smaller subreddit pages when you're just starting out because you're not going to be able to post in the bigger Pages until you have grown your karma the way you grow your karma is obviously posting and engaging in the community so you need to find smaller pages that have like 200 000 or less followers probably even less than that like 35 000 followers or something like that you follow the page and then the next step is that you need to get verified there are some pages where you don't need to get verified to post in them but I think that the problem is and for most people the reason you're getting banned is because you're not getting verified and you're just posting in subreddits so you can go and follow all these subreddits but then if you want to actually Post in them you need to look at their rules and see if you need to get verified and a lot of them you do need to get verified before you post so you need to read their rule open up their rules literally that's the first step in any subreddit just open up the rules see what is allowed what's not allowed if you want to even Post in those reddits um and that or in those subreddits and then also how you can get verified it's going to tell you you need to send in a picture of you with your ID especially if it's not suitable for work pages because they can't just have anybody posting in there you know so you need to send you with a picture of your ID the same way that you did on only fans and then also sometimes they ask you to write whatever the subreddit is write that plus your Reddit username and hold a picture of it up can I call you right back I'm filming a lot of these subreddits are going to have certain rules like you can't have a low amount of Karma and sometimes they won't tell you how much Karma that is so it's really up to you to kind of like look and see who's posting in there and see oh how much Karma do they have and they're allowed to post in there so that's I kind of wait until I see like okay that person has around the same amount of karma as I have so I will probably get approved sometimes they're real they're like that you know it's weird and then some reddits allow you to post multiple times in a day and some of them don't some of them you can only post once or like one to to five times or something like that so it'll tell you also some of them you're not allowed to post the same picture multiple times in their feed you can only post the picture once and then you need to post new pictures every single time and some of them don't care about that you can just keep reusing the same photo so you have to read the rules a lot of the times that people are getting banned is because they are trying to promote their only fans and I know that is what you're trying to do but you can't just blatantly say follow my only fans in most subreds you can't um and you can't put links in the captions what you can do is put all of that in your profile you can put your links you can do that but then in your actual posts in subreddits what I recommend is just saying something that will help engage people so you can ask them like oh what do you think of this questions that will get them to respond to your post and that is the best way for them to respond and then you can respond to them and a lot of the times they'll message you and then they'll look at your profile and then they'll find your link so let it be natural don't be super pushy because you will get banned in so many subreddits if you are promoting your link too much or if you're promoting it at all and like I said just read the rules in every single subreddit it and make sure you're getting verified in the ones that you want to post in I would recommend finding like anywhere from like 5 to 20 subreddits to get verified in and then just keep posting in those ones every single day and some of them like I said will allow you to post three five times three to five times um so do that every single day and then the next part of this is connecting with your fans in any business the best marketing like of all is connecting people want to connect that's why they follow you only fans if they didn't want to connect they would just go watch Regular porn or they would just go find regular bikini photos or whatever it is so you need to connect with the audience so anyone that upvotes you anyone that comments anyone that messages you respond to them send them emojis get to know them and really get to know them message them back ask them how their day is ask them what type of content that they're into you what subreddits they're in all of the above get to know them for real and then you will build loyal followers I think so many people want instant gratification in this industry they want everything to happen so fast and they really want like to just they just want to be a machine and guess what you're not a machine and followers aren't part of a machine they are real people so get to know them and that is the best marketing for any platform but especially Reddit if you want new followers off Reddit the best thing to do is connect with people I know that Reddit is very very confusing but I hope this like kind of made it easier to understand it took me a really long time to understand Reddit but I feel like I'm finally at a place where I get it it's a lot more difficult than other social media platforms but I think what's really unique about it is that it will build those loyal followers that are going to stick around and you know you can gain a bunch of followers and they might leave after a month or or two of subscribing to you but if you build a loyal fan base they won't leave you they care about you and that's why they follow you another thing to do is you can also send out free trial links to your pages you can get to know them in the comments and be like hey you should check out my only fans here's a free trial link and that will kind of get people to get the ball rolling on it and if they like what you're posting and you're posting quality content like we talked about in the ending then they will stick around that is the video I hope you enjoyed if you did give it a thumbs up and let me know what you want to see next because we talk all about when we fans here so if you have any questions let me know I also have a online course and a mentorship program where you get one-on-one consultations with me you can get all that down below as well as promo on my only fans page if you need it it's all Linked In the description box and with that all being said I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Devlin360i [81 likes]: Creating a Reddit account from scratch and slowly boosting it in order to promote your OF is too much of a hassle, at least nowadays. You can always buy high-quality, aged Reddit accounts for cheap from websites like reddaccounts and go straight into promotion. That's what 99% of top-tier creators do. There are other websites that also sell Reddit accounts, but the best ones I've tried so far are from them.
  2. @TwizzyPop: I help creators generate and move 100% organic Reddit NSFW traffic to Snap before sending to OF. Open for collaboration.
  3. @OmegaAlfa-p7h: 💕💕💕💕
  4. @Multi-AccountMastery: Alanah, solid brand advice, but most creators commit to one angle without testing. Run 2–3 Reddit accounts with different brand vibes for 14 days, see which gets the most DMs/upvotes, then commit. accsmarket gives you aged accounts to skip the karma grind. Validate before you waste months on the wrong niche.
  5. @mistersmith4060: Strong and independent women that don't need no men... selling their bodies for half the price of a cheeseburger, what a win for feminism and female empowerment, you can delete this comment too along with all the other 1000s as men you absolutely despise pay a few bucks to play the flute over your content without clothes :face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  6. @ExposingUFOs: Karma is just Reddit’s social credit system. There’s upvotes and downvotes. 
People upvote what they like/agree with and downvote what they dislike/disagree with.

Your comment Karma is your total amount of upvotes minus your total amount of downvotes on comments.
Similarly, post Karma is upvotes minus downvotes on posts specifically.

Your Karma goes up & down accordingly. Karma is not static. 
It does go down if you get downvoted.
  7. @corinneboyd1746: DO NOT USE A VPN WITH REDDIT. Please learn from my mistake. I had my vpn turned on and I got locked out of my account of almost 5 years. Every single reddit account I've made after gets shadowbanned. And now im screwed. Dont make this mistake.
  8. @LadyVSDDD: Karma is participation points
  9. @LuisLang-sx9df: Searching for a Reddit marketer for female model –
Commission only, no prepay. Show proof of past results.
Content is ready. Ongoing work possible.
  10. @bbmb_music2051: your tongue looks so nice
  11. @christinepratt1368: Upfront, and honest about the ups & downs! Love that about you!!🎉
  12. @christinepratt1368: Wow ! Thankyou ! Super amazing advice❤🎉
  13. @idrivebarefoot: LOVE your videos they are so helpful!!
  14. @cristina_soto: So helpful! Thank you!
  15. @Skwisgaarskwigelf2: I just started my new account and my posts keep get deleten? I don't understand since I'm following the rules. Not just in one server but in every server I posted
  16. @Sam-w3r1w: Thanx!
  17. @kira42897: I adore the reddit platform! XOXO all my gooners ❤️🥰
  18. @TaniaGlover-w4f: so problem, getting tons of messages from turned on men through reddit but they dont convert to subs??
  19. @wembydaily: what kind of account bank do you have? and which ones? a friendly OF. thanks
  20. @NoKidsNoProblem: This is valuable information, thank you 🙏

- How to Use Reddit to Promote Your OnlyFans or Fansly: A Guide for Cam Influencers": Kind: captions Language: en Host: Hello and welcome to the Camgirl Babe's Podcast, where we talk about everything related to the adult entertainment industry. I'm your host, Nyota, and in today's episode, we're going to be talking about how to use Reddit to promote your OnlyFans or Fansly. Reddit is a social media platform that can be a great tool for camgirl influencers to connect with fans and promote their content. However, it can be a bit overwhelming if you're new to the platform. That's why we've put together this guide to help you get started. [SEGMENT 1: WHAT IS REDDIT?] Host: So, first things first: what is Reddit? Reddit is a social media platform that's organized around communities called "subreddits." Each subreddit is focused on a specific topic or niche, and users can post and discuss content related to that topic. To get started on Reddit, you'll need to create an account. You can do this by going to www.reddit.com and clicking the "Sign Up" button in the top right corner. Once you've created an account, you can start participating in the community. [SEGMENT 2: HOW TO USE REDDIT TO PROMOTE YOUR CONTENT] Host: Now that you've got a basic understanding of what Reddit is, let's talk about how to use it to promote your OnlyFans or Fansly. The first step is to find relevant subreddits. You can use the search function on Reddit to find subreddits that are related to your niche or topic. Once you've found them, join them by clicking the "Join" button. Once you've joined relevant subreddits, it's time to engage with the community. You can start by commenting on posts that are related to your niche or topic. Make sure your comments are genuine and add value to the conversation. Avoid spamming or promoting your content too aggressively. Once you've established yourself as a member of the community, you can start sharing your content. However, make sure to read the subreddit's rules and guidelines before posting. Some subreddits may have strict rules regarding self-promotion. When promoting your content on Reddit, it's important to be transparent. Let the community know that you're an OnlyFans, Fansly, or camgirl influencer. Don't pretend to be someone else or try to deceive the community. Finally, make sure to provide value to the community. Engage with the community, answer questions, and provide helpful tips and advice. By providing value, you can establish yourself as an authority in your niche and attract more fans to your OnlyFans, Fansly, or camgirl. [SEGMENT 3: TIPS FOR SUCCESS ON REDDIT] Host: Before we wrap up, let's go over some tips for success on Reddit. First, be patient. Building a following on Reddit takes time and effort. Don't get discouraged if you don't see immediate results. Second, be respectful. Follow the subreddit's rules and guidelines, and don't spam or promote your content too aggressively. Third, provide value. Engage with the community, answer questions, and provide helpful tips and advice. Finally, don't forget to promote yourself! Use quality pictures or teaser videos and creative captions that will entice fans to check out your OnlyFans or Fansly profile. And make sure to pin the links to your sites on your bio so your fans can easily find you. [OUTRO MUSIC] Host: Well, that's it for today's episode of the Camgirl Babe's Podcast. Thanks for tuning in! Remember, everthing takes time, you gat this, bye.

- David Baszucki Is In DANGER.. (Doxxed): Kind: captions Language: en So, about a week ago, I made a video talking about how Roblox completely removed classic faces and replaced them with these new dynamic ones. And at the time, I said the [music] situation was bad. But since that video came out, it's gotten much, much worse. In the last few days, Roblox clearly saw that people hated these new faces. So, instead of just accepting it, players started finding ways around it. The main workaround was buying UGC heads [music] to basically cover the dynamic faces and recreate the old look. It wasn't perfect, but it was the closest thing people had to getting their avatars back. But instead of fixing the actual problem, Roblox responded by making it even worse. They started forcing these UGC heads to be turned into something called full face masks, which basically doubled the price. Meaning now you have to spend more money just to avoid using the faces that nobody asked for. And after that, things only got into complete chaos. Once Roblox made it clear [music] that classic faces are not coming back, people went straight to Twitter and started doing the same thing we saw back on January 28th. Just pure insanity with people spamming David Baszucki cursed videos and images. But unfortunately, it got a lot more crazier. Under a lot of those tweets, people started spamming document files, which hopefully most of them by now have been taken down. But as of March 27th, they were everywhere. And these documents contained extremely sensitive personal information, including details about David Baszucki, who's the [music] current CEO of Roblox, Erik Cassel, who was the original co-founder of Roblox, and even what looks like information tied to someone else in David Baszucki's family, probably his father. In this video, we have a lot to talk about, so please make sure to like the video, subscribe, and share this video with a friend by either sending it to them in their DMs or hyping it using YouTube's hype feature. Without any further delay, let's get into the video. So, the first thing I want to talk about in this video is how a full week later, the dynamic heads still look absolutely [music] horrible. Like nothing has improved, and if anything, more people are starting to notice just how broken these things really are. And there's a ton of examples of this. On screen right now, you can see faces that are just completely bugged out, textures looking duplicated, eyes being misaligned, and overall just looking really weird and unnatural. It just [music] genuinely looks unfinished. >> [music] >> But it gets even crazier when you look into why this is happening. Because according to multiple people, including someone named Maxim ADHD, there's actually a possible explanation for why these faces look like this. Maxim ADHD made a post saying that he has a private tool chain that lets him load Roblox's dynamic heads into Blender. And from what he saw, a lot of these heads were generated using Roblox's avatar [music] setup tool. And the important part here is the weight painting and the joint setup looked extremely automated, which is where the whole AI discussion starts coming in. Because if that's true, it would explain a lot. explain why so many these faces look rushed, why they have weird glitches, and why a lot of them just don't feel polished at all. Instead of being carefully made, it looks like a lot of them were actually auto-generated and barely refined afterwards. And it doesn't even stop there. There are also people pointing out that Roblox themselves have openly talked about using AI in their systems, including referencing to collecting things like facial expression data to train their model. And because of that, some people [music] believe this whole push towards dynamic faces isn't just about visuals, but also about gathering more facial data from its users. Now, whether that's fully true or not, that part is still speculation. When you look at everything together, the timing and the quality of these faces and Roblox's own statements about AI, it's definitely raising a lot of questions. When you actually look at the results on screen, it honestly lines up a little too well. Now, going back a bit, there's actually another huge part of the situation that people aren't talking about enough. And that's what this update did to the limited market. Because this didn't just affect how avatars look, this completely destroyed the value of a lot of limited faces. Some of these items used to be worth hundreds of thousands of Robux have dropped by insane amounts. We're talking about 30%, 40%, even close to 50% value loss almost overnight. You had faces going from around 300,000 down to 170,000, 140,000 down to 90,000, and even ones close to 900,000 Robux dropping to around 560,000 Robux. That is not a small change. That's just a complete market crash. And I need people to actually understand this. These items are not just pixels. These have real-world value. People spent real money on these limited, sometimes hundreds, if not thousands of dollars. So, when Roblox pushes an update like this that completely ruins how these faces look or how they're used, it directly affects the value of those items. People have already lost thousands because of it. And if you didn't sell your limiteds before this update dropped, I'm just going to be honest, you're probably not getting that value back anytime soon unless Roblox somehow fixes [music] this or reverses it, which let's be real, is very unlikely as the damage has already been done. And shockingly, it only gets worse. Over this whole classic face situation, people started uploading all kinds of heads to get around the update. And even before this, to be honest, there were already a ton of UGC heads on the marketplace with people making real heads based on real people, meme faces, characters, just just a bunch of different things people could use instead of the default look. But after Roblox forced the dynamic faces, this became way more common. People started using these custom UGC heads specifically to replace their entire face, so they wouldn't have to use the dynamic heads at all. And Roblox clearly took notice of this. So, instead of fixing the actual issue that people are using the UGCs to avoid, they pushed out another change. Now, any face accessory that basically covers your entire head is classified as a full mask. And because of that, the price floor for these items got increased. So, now instead of costing around 70 to 90 Robux like before, they are now sitting at 110 Robux, which is basically almost double in some cases. And let's be honest, this isn't random. It very clearly looks like Roblox is trying to push people away from using these workarounds and force them back onto dynamic heads by making the alternative much more expensive. And as you'd expect, people are pissed. They went so far out of their way that they basically went back onto Twitter and repeated exactly what happened on January 28th. If you don't remember that day, that's when Twitter just completely lost it over this update being announced. People were posting all kinds of weird and disturbing edits of David Baszucki, like fake credits, creepy videos, and just straight-up unsettling disturbing stuff. You had posts with his face edited out saying things like, "Where is our face? What have you done? I can't express my emotions." Like in this weird [music] text-to-speech-like voice. And the craziest part, these weren't even the worst ones. There were much more creepier ones out there with fully red images with his face in the background and text over it saying eternal punishment with lines like, "Why must you do this, David?" Crazy enough, it didn't actually stop there. There were full-on creepy videos, like straight-up horror-style edits of him screaming about faces being gone. And in fact, I'll actually play one of these on screen right now. Just a warning, it's pretty creepy. You might want to skip ahead a little bit if you're scared. There are no faces. And under Roblox's replies, it just kept on getting worse. People were saying things like, "Our world is falling apart. They took our voices. They took our faces." It just turned into a really weird, almost cult-like spam. And they were even making Roblox animations. Like it genuinely just got so creepy and completely out of control. But then, it crossed a line, and I just want to clarify what I'm about to talk about is not a joke. Because this didn't just stay as edgy memes about David Baszucki. People started dragging Erik Cassel into this. For those of you who don't know, Erik Cassel, Roblox's echo founder, passed away from cancer back in 2013. And somehow, for some reason, God knows why, people still brought him into this. Under some of those same tweets, people started spreading around documents that contained personal information. [music] This was actually sent to me through my Discord server, but multiple people were pointing out that this was actively happening on Twitter. It was this document dated on August 15th in 2006. And from what it looks like, it might be some kind of investor form or some early company document. I'm not 100% sure. But but what made it serious was what was inside of it. It showed [music] personal information tied to David Baszucki, including his full legal name, an address, and what looks to be his personal number. Not too sure about that last one, though. It also had similar information for Erik Cassel, and even someone related to David Baszucki. I think this might have been his father, but I can't say for sure. Now, I don't know how accurate or current that information is, and I don't entirely know how widely spread it is because a lot of those tweets have been taken down by the time I was made aware of it. But the fact that it was being passed around at all is the problem. Cuz this is where it stops being just drama. I don't support doxxing at all. I think it's a horrible thing to do. And you can obviously criticize Roblox, and you could criticize their updates. [music] But leaking or spreading personal information is absolutely crossing a line. And I'm not going to like sugarcoat this. Um this update sucks. But are we really going to go this far over Roblox faces? It's absolutely insane. And the problem is, there are people online who take these things way too far. There are literally groups out there that already do stuff like this regularly, [music] where they try to people just for attention online. And when information like this starts spreading, it can and most of the time does actually lead to real-world consequences. And one last thing I do want to say before I end off the video, I'm a little bit concerned where this document even came from. If this is some public document, then I guess that's Roblox's Well, I guess they need to deal with that. But if this is some current active Roblox insider leaking this stuff, pretty crazy. Not sure what I think about that if that's the case. Anyways, if you guys made it this far into the video, [music] thank you guys for watching, see you guys in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gwamgo [2500 likes]: Aside from the obvious insanity regarding how far people are willing to go to attack David Baszucki, I'm genuinely upset people are trying to drag Erik Cassel into all of this despite him being deceased for the last 13 years. Absolutely disgusting behavior from some of these twitter people.

join https://discord.gg/gwamgo for faster updates/information about topics like this.
  2. @Cheese18779 [2 likes]: This isn’t about the faces, its about the fact he called predators a opportunity, sold a lot of peoples personal information, and has also even got many people doxxed.
  3. @mave12ick90 [1 likes]: 7:17 Bro became a Analog Horror Monster 💀
  4. @The-last-yellow [1 likes]: Even bear is dogging on bro 6:13 😭✌️
  5. @ЖеняКу-т5у [1 likes]: Ну хоть у кавота есть переводчик 👍
  6. @villajaydenconolchangkatps178: welp lets doxx him more he deserves this for all these dogshit updates that he is too mentally blind to recognize
  7. @CyberthEKANDIKID: Reminder that when roblox asks for our face check they are basically taking our dignity and personal info....
  8. @ANarlahParkes: 2:07 EWWWWWWWWWW
  9. @ANarlahParkes: I wanna curse him in irl
  10. @Gabriel-k8o1g: "You dont gotta fix what ain't broken" David Baszuski really has to learn that. Maybe he just wants us to hate him, it seems like that.
  11. @whatsup-5129: At this point just bring slenders back💔
  12. @dnorbi46: Well, I don't even know what to say, I think this "they took our voice" in that scary cut video is what they're trying to imply, isn't the chat gone too? I can't put it any better. They fucked up the faces afterwards. Now they're coming with these makeups. But seriously, who the fuck came up with this? How do you divide people on the platform? I don't really understand what's going on. What if someone gets older? How will Roblox transfer them to another group? Because obviously people get older every second. Sooner or later, every child grows up. So it's possible that someone will move from one to the other. I think the point is that you can't transfer accounts anymore. But I'll be honest. I think this is the end. I mean, really, and I'm already scared of what the next thing they're going to screw up will be.
  13. @Iron_idkwhattoput: Ngl this is a good thing
  14. @Guest-x5j: yayyyyyy
  15. @Felidsd: 5:47 Analog horror material or smt bro.
  16. @AgentSSC-w1g: Roblox is basically just shooting themselves now. Seriously, TAKE THE FUCKING HINT, ROBLOX. WE HATE THE NEW FACES, SO JUST FUCKING TAKE THEM AWAY, DONT FORCE PEOPLE TO USE THEM WHEN THE COMMUNITY CLEARLY HATES THEM
  17. @Raysnow6: Erik Cassel? bro died years ago js let him be dead guys
  18. @NATMEDDAMASCO: If you are r6 on roblox you get back your classic faces
  19. @amousproplemine: all of this over pixels btw
  20. @Proatdrywalleating: Finally vro

- Expert warns of the "dangers of doxing": Kind: captions Language: en TONIGHT... BUT BEFORE WE CHECK IN THERE LIVE- - ONLINE SLEUTHS HAVE TAKEN IDENTIFYING THE GRAND RAPIDS' POLICE OFFICER INVOLVED -- INTO THEIR OWN HANDS. IT'S A PRACTICE KNOWN AS "DOXING"-- OR GOOGLING DOCUMENTS ALLEGEDLY TIED TO A PERSON OR PLACE. OUR LIJUE DUNMIRE IS LIVE IN T NEWSROOM -- WITH MORE... JULIE? "DOXING" ESSENTIALLY HAS ONE GOAL. TO ROB PEOPLE OF THEIR FEELING OF PRIVACY. USUALLY, THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA PRESENCE PEOPLE CAN NARROW DOWN WHO FOLKS ARE. *SEVERAL OFFICERS' NAMES HAVE BEEN THROWN AROUND ONLINE -- AND AS WE KNOW -- THERE'S ONLY *ONE OFFICER ACCUSED. A LOCAL EXPERT SAYS -- THI PRACTICE -- IS A SLIPPERY SLOPE. Nats, get out of the car THE Grand Rapids POLICE OFFICER'S FACE AT THE CENTER OF *NATIONAL ATTENTION* UNBLURRED. Greg Gogolin Director of the Center for Cyber Security and Data Science Ferris State :32 "Doxing is basically a priva based attack, where you try to release information out on the internet," AND THLINEE FOR WHETHER OR NOT FIGURING OUT WHO THE OFFICER IS, AND TELLING PEOPLE: IS CRYSTAL CLEAR. 10:03 "People should step back so the situation doesn't get worse," THE IDENTITY OF THIS OFFICE━*NOT RELEASED. Eric Winstrom Grand Rapids Police Chief "I'm going to treat the officer like I would anybody else. We don't name suspects. If the officer is charged with a crime, we will name him at that time. But the short answer is no. I'm not going to be named the officer." DIRECTOR OF CYBER SECURITY AND DATA SCIENCE AT FERRIS STATE, GREG GOGOLI━ EXPLAINING WHY PEOPLE TAKE MATTERS IN THEIR OWN HANDS. 3:39 "It can be maybe for blackmail. To get you to do something people are interested in. Reputation is a big one," NEARLYVE ERYONE'S READILY AVAILABLE INFORMATION ON SOCIAL MEDIA.. LEAVES THEM VULNERABLE. 3:52 "The problem is, once it's out there, even if it's false, it'' extremely difficult to clean it up, and to recall it. And in many cases you can't," AND IT DOESN'T JUST HURT ONE PERSON. GOGOLIN EXPLAINING DOXING PUTS THEIR *ENTIRE FAMILY AND FRIENDS AT RISK FOR PRIVACY EXPOSU.RE 6:14 "If this were to get out of ndha, there can be vigilante problems. There can be all kinds of safety issues," SAYING.. BY PUTTING SOMEONE ELSES INFORMATION OUT THERE.. IT ONLY MAKES THEM A PERFECT NE TARGET. "It's not myresponsiblity or yours unless commissioned by the correct individuals to go out and try to indetfiy these people," GOGOLIN ALSO EXPLAINED TO ME ━THE MOST DANGEROUS THING ABOUT DOXING-- SOMEONE AND PUTTING THEIR PRIVATE INFORMAITON OUT THERE PUBLICLY ONLINE WITH HEAVY ACCUSATIONS-- IS SHARING THAT INFORMATION, MAKES PEOPLE WHO MIGHT DIGRSAEE WITH YOU TURN AROUND AND DO THE SAME THING, KEEPING A VICIOUS.. AND POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS AND FRIGHTENING SITUATION GOING.. SAYING OFTEN TIMES.. THERE'S NOT A WHOLE LOT LAW ENFORCEMENT CAN DO, NOT A WHOLE LOT PEOPLE CAN DO TO *PROTECT THEMSELVES IF THEY HAVE *ANY TYPE OF SOCIAL MEDIA PRESENCE, AND IT'S NOT EASY TO CONTACT FOR EXAMPLE, GOOGLE OR FACEBOOK, IF YOUR

- Dangers of doxing: Kind: captions Language: en a test of Action the sweetness in the Waiting Jack Days off we commit and his computer World International transplant Merry Christmas and your most compatible to remove unwanted or Night dress made acting even more powerful hodgkin that information via Yahoo to kantcer speak information in Golden go favoris emperor percarbonate for memory Skills and treatment for tax purposes Excellent experience the content or partially businesses with some Hearts nakun My Vietsub I want for precise and my pals internal team pagani to Chrome jingmei than kalpesh in Word cost-effective to be quite some time it and One Life poems about some species psychological date and kiss to relieve stress acid cycle Smart shoes exists a person to print worktation Your Heart shostak spring Marie jarvis your friends and more Watch the news Vision witness the Glass Walls are the ottoman have some fun with love you circulation car Porsche macan step I take along the way the average is some extent of scientists in today's World cover by using the information with name and especially norwich test speaking and listening pegard Dragon Ball fighting information Screen for information will Connect with that information can also be Used for nipple nglide methods Which are the consequences Tam An to start the address of the things You should have treated with money Ascend I just met our side quests welding machine name or have people need The Beginning campaign Turning nguyenvanthom attaka tune of receipt and added To The Past and Together they can work because they can find a job And Take me you towards the way to have shown that made for Somewhere to heart with any number of personal needs some time starts to use the information Town the meaning of seeking Revenge for the Reaper Of Dragon age III identify permission or When two cents in some cases that I think I need a way that combines the greek indirect object What about the Castle tamaris for Some people are more likely to be affected the sea dragon Lord rama Please input is saved my party English LG a passport me your rights activist bossche xe quickest and more for love just wanna hear When the war began When the single hand in hand with Nickel sulforaphane corresponds with boiled and last but not mean that you will visit cosmetics hanuman computer jacks in installments in the two the computer Point of usage morning anywhere and anytime and because so many of Doraemon today's best support exists in fact many uses calibrated living They have nothing Shanghai to your friends or family school Santa golf and the information directly Nam to becoming factors On My Love You're with Touch just within your favorite addresses and sweat and tear Crystal whitening is Viettel he this will live in Seattle have recently amatar trip with knitted for being on all afraid of social Media pay for it loud and your hand and login with multiple instances which starts to make all the People use system information about confiding uneasiness recognizing the weather tonight to hunt was more that happens in date Night with you

  Top Comments:
  1. @PigBoy99 [10 likes]: Legit had to show this to my mum when she said I was overreacting to being doxxed
  2. @9990yup [5 likes]: I just found my dads 2011 disk of this while digging in my drawer lol.
  3. @theworldinbloom [3 likes]: Why the hell is this not illegal
  4. @charlessmith263 [2 likes]: So if you want to dox somebody, how can one do this while avoiding the risk of one being prosecuted, arrested, or jailed for doing this, if you want to find an old flame you want to reconnect?
  5. @dateengineerazurecloud2904 [1 likes]: I was doxed at work.
  6. @DudemanntheOriginAl: Dangers of doxxing: getting arrested
Ur stupid
wtf why would you
Who here does this with a good reason
  7. @FridgeReaver: I wonder, if your AI voice would make some of my stories get more viewers aka listeners...  :face-red-smiling-live:
  8. @p.channel.2023: How much more rotten "humanity" could be I'm curious? Another day, another atrocity being normalized & downplayed like there's nothing wrong with this world just because people don't want their illusions to be shattered.
  9. @killergodtheslayer23: I almost got doxxed by a girl cuz I was talking to my homeboy about how some women r fake now and days but I wasn’t really talking crap it was my homeboy
  10. @SaúlElHombreLobo1998: Irfan exe and Fajriz Team was Doxxing My Face, Who Found My Face on Facebook
  11. @user_0000non: I got doxxed for 3 years now by an influencer. Thanks to that thousands people are monitoring and I'll be admitted to a hospital.
  12. @tommycaswell3343: I was just doxed on fortnight by a kid who somehow knew my information
  13. @Andros1990: I got doxed and deleted most of my social media put the robocaller app on my phone made my group of friends really small now
  14. @TheCommonNewsOutlet: REPOSTING THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT FOR THIRD PARTY DECLARATIONS;

    I amongst several others are demanding, requesting, and stating you remove all our data from your website and database.  As DOXXING is illegal and we are going to be suing all relevant websites for the sensitive personal data provided to the public.  As the government funds their own website does not make it legal to dox personal data.  NO WHERE IN ANY LEGAL LAW DOES IT MENTION THE USE OF ANY SEARCH ENGINE OR THE INTERNET TO PROVIDE LEGAL PERSONAL OR SENSITIVE DATA TO THE PUBLIC!  As we  legally demand the removal of our relevant subjects personal data to be completely removed with in 30 days.    Thank you,

- I Have to Move My Family Because of Threats and Doxxing: Kind: captions Language: en It's 2026. The avalanche of apostasy is accelerating. The DA bros are panicking. And when they panic, they get even stupider. They get sloppier. They get more aggressive. They get more violent. They lash out in all directions. Earlier this month, Tik Tok jihadis doxed my entire family. They posted my home address. They posted my wife's phone number and started calling her in the middle of the night when I was out of town. They posted the address and phone number of a place she volunteers at. They're saying they're going to Charlie kirk me. They keep saying they're going to show up at my door, but they're also saying they're going to kill me at Debatecon, which is two days away. So, they can't make up their minds. They've been posting videos with pictures of my wife with gunshot noises, pictures of my kids. My days are supposedly numbered because the pop pop is coming when I'm in Houston this weekend. Did he wood? Let's see how much longer you going to last. Time's running out. Houston, huh, papa? This dumb dawa dork named Malik even flashed some cash because there's apparently a price on my head. Hey, David Wood. David Wood, I got something for David Wood. Those little Qurans you blasted, David, that's that's on your head now. That's on your head now. Shout out my boy J Prince out in Houston, man. >> No violence yet, even though they know exactly where I am. Instead, they've been trying to annoy me. Jihadis just aren't what they used to be. They've been doing things like calling animal control over and over again to come check on our dog. We're renting this house. I've never met the owner, but they tracked him down and they've been calling and harassing him. Lots of weird stupid stuff like that. And this is in addition to going after God logic and his wife, doxing inspiring philosophy, doxing Chris Claus, Thaddius, Drake, and so on. The Tik Tok jihadis are throwing a pretty epic tantrum to start off the new year. Now, my position is that even if I were capable of backing down from these walking clown emojis, I still wouldn't back down from threats and doxing because the moment I back down from threats and doxing, they'll think they have some great new way of making Christians submit and they'll just start doing it to Christians everywhere. So, I will stand my ground to the death so this doesn't become their standard way of controlling people. But I have to go beyond not backing down because this has to blow up in their faces. It has to end in disaster for their religion. The consequences of their actions have to be traumatic for their entire community. So that after this batch of Tik Tok jihadis ends up humiliated and defeated, the consequences will be so traumatic that the Muslim community will police their own. In other words, if someone comes along next year and says, "Hey, I think I'll start doxing Christians and harassing their wives," the Muslim community will scream, "You idiot. How do you not know what happened the last time someone tried this?" And it's even more serious than doxing or threatening people. Islam is absolutely obsessed with controlling people outside the religion by any means possible. In a Muslim country, there will be laws against criticizing Islam or preaching the gospel. Even apart from these laws, if you're a Christian or a Hindu or something else and you simply annoy or disrespect a Muslim, he'll start screaming, "Help! Help! This person insulted Muhammad," and a mob will form. The goal is to keep non-Muslims in a constant state of fear. That's in Muslim countries, but even in non-Muslim countries, they're constantly trying to figure out ways to gain control. That's why they're trying to get blasphemy laws passed. That's why they want everything halal certified. It's why they block roads to pray. It's all about control. And the moment they figure out a way to take control, lots of people suffer terribly. The most successful tools of Islam in the West have been claiming victim status and crying about Islamophobia. Think about what happened the moment they realized they could control Westerners by pretending to be victims and calling anyone who questions them Islamophobes. Tens of thousands of young British girls were horribly abused by Muslim men who figured out how to control police, social workers, the courts, and so on. You can't give them an inch ever or lots of people will suffer because you gave them a lever. And so right now they're trying doxing and harassing people with calls and threats and so on to see what works. If anything works, it's going to be their new favorite tactic. Sadly for them, they're trying this stuff on me and they can saw my head off. I'm not backing down. On the contrary, I responded to their doxing and harassing and threats by feeding my dog bacon wrapped Quran pages >> and by putting these clowns on trial for their actions and pronouncing judgment on the Quran. >> Judge Hammer Time has declared that court is in session. Look upon the consequences of your bad decisions. Gaze upon the shredding of the Quran that you have caused. And with episode one of Kuran Demolition Ranch, if you stalk women, harass women, dox women, and threaten women, your favorite verses are going to be plastered on a 4x8 board. Your fake prophet is going to be painted in pig's blood. Your pagan book is going to be nailed to a platter. And the whole mess will be shot, chainsawed, and burned right here at the Kuran Demolition Ranch. And with a short tribute to Salwan Mika, who was brutally murdered one year ago today for demonstrating his contempt for the Quran, we put together a nice fire pit full of Qurans. And I took some 151 proof rum and did this. Tomorrow is International Zut Remembrance Day, January 30th. 130. Get it? One Muhammad and 30 men of Zut. We've got a special video for that. One white Quran surrounded by 30 black Qurans. The white Quran gets some holes in it. You get the picture. >> Look at him. The poor fake prophet is all tuckered out. But the men of Alz look happy. And that will be followed by our top 100 ways to zoot the Quran compilation of videos provided by viewers who like me want to teach the da bros a lesson for doxing people. And this is all phase one of teaching these guys to never ever do this again. But we're doing all of this. And they're promising to kill me. And they're posting videos with pictures of my wife with gunshot sounds. And they're posting pictures of my kids. And they've all got my home address. They know exactly where we are. Now, no one thinks that Malik, a little ring leader of the Tik Tok jihadis, is going to do anything himself. He's a whiny little coward, but he's trying to instigate and incite other Muslims to come murder me and maybe my wife. And there are definitely some Muslims out there who would be happy to do it. I keep running my mouth anyway because antisocial personality disorder makes dangerous situations fun and because I just think I'll win. Unless they come with an army, I'll win when they come through the door. One jihadi, two jihadis, three jihadis, four jihadis, five jihadis. They'll lose that one. They'll just lose. I travel two or three times per month for speaking or debates, so I figured I could hire security for when I'm gone. Turns out professional security guards are really expensive, which is weird. I grew up in a trailer park in West Virginia, and I know for a fact that to this day, I could walk up to just about any dude in that trailer park and say, "Here's 50 bucks and a six-ack of cores. Grab your shotgun and stay on my couch until I get back and it would be the safest place in the world. Things are different here. These jokers want thousands of dollars. I guess it's because they're putting their lives at risk. So, I was going to have to figure out what do I do when I'm traveling. But then I spotted another problem. I headed back to the gym earlier this month. Early last year, I was getting pretty shredded. Then at the beginning of April, I tore something in the back of my shoulder. So, I stopped going to the gym to let it heal. Never got back to the gym all year. Gained like 25 lbs or so. It made sense for the new year to get back to the gym. So, I'm in the gym a couple of weeks ago. And then I think, what if they storm through the door now while I'm right down the street? The only people at home are a nurse, my special needs son, Paley, our youngest son who's seven, and my wife. That wouldn't go well. See, when we think about what other people are going to do, we assume that they have some level of common sense. So, if jihadis decide to kill me in my house, we assume they're going to do it while I'm there. The problem with that assumption is that sometimes we're dealing with complete morons. I can't assume they'll storm the house while I'm there. They may be total idiots. And different jihadis would do different things. There are jihadis who would only want to kill me and not target women or children. and there are jihadis who would massacre everyone. So I concluded that we do need to move to a different location so my family isn't in danger. Problem is we're renting this house and I'm under lease for most of the year. If I move I'll be paying two rents for a while and I suspect they'll eventually find us again. They won't be doxing anymore after the valuable life lesson we're teaching them now. But as far as finding out where I am and just killing me, that seems like something that could happen. I think it takes a while, maybe a couple of years after you move to be able to find you through these websites they go to. I might just have to get used to moving every couple of years. Or if one of you out there is rich and you want to buy a house and you own it and your name is on it and I just pay you rent, but my name is never on anything that anyone can look up ever, that would solve some problems. But if I have to move every 2 or 3 years to keep my family safe, that's what I'll do. Still not sure what to do security-wise. I know I can get cameras and a service that monitors the cameras and calls police. If there's a breakin, that makes sense. If people are breaking in to steal things, I'm not sure how much it would help with jihadis. Seems like if jihadis bust through the door, either I'm going to win pretty quickly or they're going to massacre everyone quickly. But either way, seems like it's going to be over before police arrive. Maybe cameras help with identifying them later. I don't know. Not sure what I want to do as far as security. Might want to have a panic room built so my wife and anyone else can head there while I'm busy wrecking jihadis. Not sure about those details yet, but I do need to move my family somewhere else while I convince the DA Bros that doxing people and stalking and harassing and threatening women and targeting people's families will always, always, always lead to mass desecration of their pagan book. and that since they're the ones who are instigating this treatment of their pagan book, they're the ones who are responsible for people around the world disrespecting and degrading their book and their religion. Again, even if they don't care much about their book, some of their fellow Muslims do. And the Muslims who care about their book will make the ones who don't care about their book stop what they're doing. Matter of time, watch what happens. Some people got to learn the hard way, but they will learn. We've been gearing up for other things. Major changes and a huge ministry expansion for the past several months. Giant DOC get here tonight. You should see them in person for the first time ever tomorrow. But since we've been gearing up for other things, I am not in a good position to be moving and paying rent on two houses right now. when the Tik Tok jihadis started harassing the owner. I was actually hoping he would kick us out so that I wouldn't have this problem, but he didn't. Hasn't said a word. So, if you'd like to chip in to help cover the move and the extra rent and whatever security upgrades we decide on, there's a link to a gives go in the description. Just so you know, this is going to be a messy year for everyone. Again, when they go into panic mode, they lash out. It's kind of like the instinct of a wounded animal. But this is going to be the worst year for Da ever. Just look at how January is going for them and imagine what the rest of the year is going to be like. Chip in if you can. I'll start looking for a different place. I'll get my family moved to a different spot and we'll keep cooking. If you're in the Houston area, I hope to see you at Debatecon. And if you're a jihadi planning to slaughter me in the name of Allah, better hurry up and come at me, bro, because I won't be here for long. You just backfire on me. You just back on [music] me. This is a power of religion. There's a reason to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @apologeticsroadshow [716 likes]: TIME TO MOVE: https://www.givesendgo.com/safeguardingthewoods?
  2. @Apologetics2540 [2 likes]: Islam/muslims have to be the weakest most pathetic cult ever.
  3. @ObaloluwaOpasanya [1 likes]: if crying to cops and doxxing is their power, what will they have without it
  4. @SuperNana23 [1 likes]: I have begun to speak out because of you. The first argument I got is that islam existed BEFORE Christianity. Just ...wow.
  5. @nitoshesheqi2358 [1 likes]: Islam a peaceful Religion?! I am prostitute but I am VIRGIN hehe.
  6. @Pierre-PaulTremblay-w7s: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @jenniferk.5623: Safe At Home.  Iowa has the safest program.
  8. @AtensMovies: David and Avary my fav destroyer of the rapist, killer, illiterate, ignorant, barbaric, stupid... so called mohamed & allah😂😂😂
  9. @SuperNana23: I have begun to speak out because of you. The first argument I got is that islam existed BEFORE Christianity. Just ...wow.
  10. @Plane-Walker: David please make Koran Origami great again!
  11. @DanWolverine: stupid bstrd like u should move home outside of this world...😂
  12. @vijaysastry4235: There are so many  muslims in America now who are rich due to  business. Americans are not safe in their own country
  13. @johnboy992: Not only am I gonna donate if your ever in California I will guard you for free I have a valid guard card and armed guard card iv done personal protection before
  14. @louv4437: Teach your wife to shoot also bud
  15. @louv4437: If you find out who and where they are, hit me up, threatening one’s kids is crossing a line on how it’s handled  Dave make sure you always carrying protection and have them staged around the house also, don’t use 9mm use something that will give you more one shot stops like 357 sig, 45 auto with lighter bullets at 185 grain plus p, or 10mm with a 165 grain.
  16. @TacticalHairball: I can't wait for these dumb young propagandized corrupted assassination team-level 
child-soldier muslims to grow up, and then realize there's a whole young American public after Gen Z, and the 20 year olds of today that now get to 'take care' of them in their elder years at their most vulnerable when they're forced to enter into American retirement homes because of the Anchorbaby loophole, and that we know their history, and what they posted on the internet, the fact they're not even properly penciled down in our system, and are a cog in the wheel of an embezzlement machine all the way to their demise, we know who they are by their name, and face, who their families are, what their families did to our country, and our families, the fact that all their people want us to be nuclear waste, let's just say everything that they didn't want us to know they're gonna tell us with their init socials, and then we'll go to share that with the future generations of America that will take care of them in Retirement homes so that we will know what they do to little boys, and girls, then they'll have time to regret that they're getting their butts wiped by an American that is apathetic for their life, and can't wait for them to have a heart attack on their final retirement home RAMADAN with the old dusty dawa-boys because of the high cholesterol diet combined with the month of the very direct opposite of fasting routine. Literally gluttony month. Extra salt. Food is good, but too much of a good thing, can always be a bad thing! 
I'm so happy that all the Khameneis were vaporized, and the gayest one of them all is comatose, and about to join his lineage. The one after the gay one was taunting Trump with a big head like Maduro only he didn't survive to go to prison, "Come get me Trump! I'd like to see you try!" he says to the president of the USA, and then... Vaporized. AGAIN. Say goodbye to your power, say goodbye to your heaven full of unsupervised children (like that's even a logical heaven bro if you think about it.)
  17. @AbrahamXXXX: F35 peace be upon it
  18. @dittopatel387: Praying for your and your loved one’s safety🙏
  19. @Sat2Cat: May God bless and protect you in Jesus name.🙏
  20. @megaman1808: Sucks for them that Dr David Wood is a Psychopath 😂😂😂 if you want to raise his puls to normal level, this is what you do 😂 god bless you Dr Wood

- how Doxbin’s 16-yr-old owner was caught and arrested: Kind: captions Language: en for those of you that have never used docspin there's a special tab on the site dedicated to those who've tried to go against the docspin community it's called the Hall of for HOA and it holds the doxes and stories of the people that even the most toxic community on the internet didn't want so yeah today we'll be looking at the Docks of a former owner of the website basically in November of 2021 the site was sold by the current owner known as KT then three months after the sale him and the buyer had a falling out due to the sight having been ruined and this argument ended up with KT buying the site back for around 20 of what he sold it for after the incident our protagonist ended up losing almost 300 Bitcoins or 14 million dollars in stolen Sim swapper funds not even that he was also arrested for all his little misdemeanors and is still facing trial now obviously there's a lot of details missing here but we'll get into that in a moment for now let me introduce you to Ariane curtaj AKA white he originally started his internet presence being obsessed with Minecraft servers and fantasizing about being the next big hacker he later became friends with Miku and other young people forming a group called Infinity recursions in early 2021 he's currently involved with a newly formed ransomware group with the name of lapsis which specialize in spear fishing and Sim swapping it was actually his involvement in this group that led to him getting arrested by the UK authorities he's currently being charged with two counts of breach of Bill conditions which he pleaded guilty and two counts of computer misuse which he pleaded not guilty he's currently being held in a youth detention center like someone else that we know anyway Arion slowly began making money to further expand his exploit collection and after a few years his net worth accumulated to well over 300 Bitcoins which if you didn't know is worth around 14 million dollars today of course things didn't always go to plan and he gambled a ton of it to impress like-minded idiots what is this hello this the rest was then left in an open RDP which was uncompromised twice now I need to reveal something that might shock you Ariane was 16 years old when this happened still lives with his parents and loves fishing with his uncle despite his family having no idea of his huge net worth He has the brain of an eight-year-old with severe autism that's not a joke anyway let's get into the sale Doc's been was briefly owned by white when he bought it from KTM Breton in November 2021 then in the matter of just three months he completely destroyed any reputation the site had along with breaking many functions that had made dogs been great you see white was never an attentive admin and he completely neglected the site at times longtime members of the community started harassing white and after a while he gave in and KTM Breton managed to buy the site back at an 80 discount then after the deal white realized he made a big mistake letting go of that website so easily so he decided to try to lock the register account and steal the Discord vanity in an attempt to get on KT's Nerf this ultimately failed as they got the vanity back within two hours he then attempted to publicly advertise a bounty of a hundred thousand dollars for KT stocks on the main docs and Twitter but not even five hours later KT gains access to the Twitter account to start mocking white on his very awful Internet Security and op Tech skills however KT didn't have the ability to change the email or password on the account so the only option left was to forcefully suspend it after this white proceeded to drop the entire docspin database which ultimately cost them seventy five thousand dollars good job I guess and this prompted KT along with a few more members of vile to drop one of the most thorough docs documents in the history of the entire website now not only two days after this the door started knocking upon pulling up to Mr White's mother's house she was a pro spice on very nice gentlemen who proceeded to ask her Mr Aryan was once knowing Aryan wasn't there the men began making their Journey 20 minutes down the road to ariane's Father's house they were met with a police vehicle waiting at the house now lately white has been pretty quiet as he was arrested in 2021 in relation to lapses however he was released upon investigation in the following months he took no regard for slowing down his hacking plans until he was confirmed rated once again on the morning of April 1st 2022 and went to court that same morning he was released the next day and given a one-month internet suspension and since then he has continued running ramped around the interwebs and recently breached Uber although he practically got no user data along with leaking the recent GTA 6 source code and video leaks under the Alias teapot or teapot hacker then again on the evening of 22nd of September 2022 the city of London police arrested a 17 year old in Oxfordshire on suspicion of hacking this was of course Arion he's currently being charged with two counts of breach of Bill condition which he pleaded guilty and two counts of computer misuse which he pleaded not guilty he's still currently being held in a youth detention center according to the last update on the docs but I think that's where our story ends right here but before I leave you guys I'm going to read out a quote from KT himself out of the docks people often speak on erion like he's a criminal mastermind like he's the best hacker to ever live aryon was practically nothing his 14 million dollars he lost due to his compromised RDP twice and gambling it away he had no brain cells his opsec was Obsolete and his friends used him as a mule take admiration from people who do the deed and are still free to tell the tale peace [Music] oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @ironic. [182 likes]: Forgot to mention the 300 BTC was $14,000,000 at the time but is $8,000,000 today. 
Also join my discord: https://discord.gg/ironic
  2. @SmellyTheKid [1 likes]: Why are you calling this guy a hacker?  He built a website and stole from people. How is this hacking?
  3. @Ghosthugz: Succession mentioned! (Kinda)
  4. @chloeeig: 0:51 ofc they play roxbot lmaoo
  5. @nolwyd: roxbot was the home of these people bro ifykyk
  6. @efovejaaaaaaa: you can say autism its not a slur
  7. @InvalidIGN: as an albanian im ashamed of arjon kurtaj, his opsec was basically non existent
  8. @eliobroo: bro is albanian rahhh
  9. @MasterOwel6713: I was JUST on Doxbin and I saw those two guys and I thought they were just random people who got doxxed but ig not
  10. @TechTestedReal: crazy
  11. @crypticbs1: Defend the black family with half the elixir
  12. @jaystreamsbau: my data got breached but I turn on my decrypted data nearly lost 2.1 million dollars in my phantom wallet
  13. @yebok-q1h: I created a community on Doxbin. If there are any Russians or English speakers who want to join, write "+".
  14. @bozo: Good ole days
  15. @MrEugenDingle: Damn mourn is on there?
  16. @Konxepter: i deadahh give people props if the can do this with an computer its crazy to think about
  17. @Amq2: This was the site to go back on in the days and just view at forms due to boredom
  18. @ovosia: blue bandz, blue bandz...
  19. @agmass: the fact this video is so short is criminal. Honestly you could put like 8 minutes of a black screen and i'd still watch it along with the video so you get the ad revenue
  20. @HSMuzi: blue bandss blue bands

- Difference Between a TIP Menu and a CUSTOM Menu for Onlyfans, Fansly, Loyalfans, ReelMe, Slushy: Kind: captions Language: en hey welcome back to my channel my name is Ember rosin and you are on this five figure month Journey with me today we are going to talk about what is the difference between a tip menu and a custom menu when it comes to the spicy World okay if you haven't already watched my tip menu and why you need one video you can go back and watch that if you want to but it's not necessary to watch this video so you can watch it before or after this one let's start with the explanation of what they both are a tip menu is normally and it depends on what platform you're on if you really get nitty-gritty in it okay most platforms a tip menu you'll have a title of this ppv that you are selling you will have a blurb you will have a price and then there will be a video video that you that it's supposed to be attached with it or that you will send once they tip you and or or photos Okay so and and this is literally just a list okay this it's a tip menu it's literally the people are going to look at it and they're going to pick off whatever they want from your menu kind of like eating at a restaurant that's for um normally like ppvs okay ppvs pay-per-view this is stuff that that you have already filmed and this is stuff that is either as soon as they tip that amount some platforms can automatically send that video or pictures to them with other ones they will tip that amount and then you will need to go and send it in their DMS as soon as you notice okay now a custom menu is something that you have not already filmed okay so this is something that somebody is going to come come to you and be like hey I have this idea can you wear this can you have your hair this way can you do a role play of this can you talk about that can you show this can you do some Water Works can you say my name um for this long amount of time and that's the custom okay so something that you haven't made before and you would put in there like for custo c videos and then for custom photos so if you you could do like one custom photo and then you would have the price okay and you can put like a blurb of what would be included in that price for that custom photo so that could include the piece of lingerie the color of the lingerie um how you would want my hair for in that video um that could be the pose that you're asking for okay that you can have that all included in that one price for the one photo you could also do three photos you could do like a mini photo album like you could do like 10 photos Okay and then again you would put the price of those 10 photos and then what would be included in that price which would be again do you want it inerie do you want me in address like you choose the outfit you choose the poses or I choose the poses dep it depends on how what you want to do okay you can have the photos being that you choose the outfit you choose the pose this is the price now 10 photos you choose the outfit and then give me ideas for poses but not specific poses this is the price okay and then when it comes to videos it would be this is the Baseline of a custom video this is the minimum amount of time so some people do a minute some people do three minutes I my minimum amount for my custom is six minutes and then you would you could say DM me before you do before you want to do a custom and then I can give you the actual price because you could put in there that this would include a role play you can put in there that you can choose the outfits you as in like the customer would be able to choose the outfit fits um you can put in there that this includes saying your name but in my experience when you offer like all of those things like people can get super detailed now I haven't yet had somebody like legit send me a script of what I would need to memorize and then say for the video but I have heard that other creators guys have sent them like a script because they want them to say specific LS in this order that type of stuff so obviously that would cost more you could do a base price of 6 minutes this would include a play video this would include name being said and this is the price for that 6 minutes just so that you kind of know where we're starting from if it is kink heavy DM I mean that that type of stuff normally when it comes to custom videos I prefer the fan or subscriber to DM me first to chat about it so that I can actually give them a a a set price because I am a very much a give me as many details as you can because I want to make this video something that you actually like there's also people that are just like can you do some Waterworks can you wear this color of lingerie and can you make it 8 minutes long I don't care what else you do surprise me like there's people that are like that um and then there's ones that want to be more specific so that is the difference between a tip menu and a custom menu okay if you have any questions let me know put them in the comments if you have any other thoughts or ideas of what you want me to talk about um also put them in the comments and I will talk to you all in the next video later

  Top Comments:
  1. @samijohnsonvlogs [2 likes]: As a baby creator starting OF THANK YOU FOR SHARING ALL OF THIS
  2. @Scorpion7goddess7 [1 likes]: thank you sooooo much ! much needed !!! please make more ! that was so much help
  3. @wingedmagician47 [1 likes]: Thank you for making this!! ❤

- Top10 Secrets Every OF & FANSLY Creator Should Know (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en This video is sponsored by Asley. From hashtag lists and promo strategies to readytouse templates and underrated platforms, in this video I'd like to share practical tools, tips, and free resources with you my wife and I collected during the last 5 years on our own journey as adult content creators. Whether you're just starting out or you're looking to take your OFO fancy journey to the next level, these resources can help you save time, boost your visibility, and of course, make you more money. And because I can't show you most of the links and websites provided in this video, I've created a link tree for everything I'm going to share with you now and put the link in the description box below. I'm the summary guy. And now without any further ado, let's dive right in. [Music] Do you sometimes feel like you just can't think of any more captions for your posts? My wife and I have definitely experienced this more than once, which is why I started a list of captions for such situations and have been constantly adding to it. If you need inspiration for your captions as well, just check the link tree. In one of my older videos, I've already mentioned the website Lingo Jam, which allows you to convert regular text to uni-ode symbols, which then can be copied and pasted in order to make your posts and messages, especially on fancy, more prominent. The problem is that once you've published such a post or sent such a message with uni-ode symbols, it's not possible to copy the uni-ode text and for example, save it as regular text anymore. But luckily, there's this online converter which does exactly that. Converting uni-ode text back into regular text. Adding hashtags to your promo posts on Fley's for you page is extremely important because otherwise your posts just wouldn't show up on Fancy Search page when someone looks up a certain hashtag. And although the total number of views for a certain hashtag is displayed in the upper leftand corner of each search results page, Ansley doesn't provide a complete list of all hashtags which have been used so far sorted by popularity. For example, so approximately a year ago, I've spent some time and created a list with over 250 of the most popular hashtags together with their view counts myself. Last week, I updated the numbers once again and uploaded the list to Google Drive. To download the full hashtag list for free, just click on the link of my link tree down below. Even though I personally don't really get it, I guess you'll agree that custom ratings of certain body parts based on provided images are super popular on OF and Fansely. And I'm pretty sure you've probably received more than one request like that already. Am I right? Whether it's in text or in video form, these kinds of ratings are always a great way to make money. But on Reddit, there are quite a few posts, especially from creators who are new to the platform, asking how to structure and present a rating like that. In case you can relate to that, you might want to check out the next download link of my link tree list. It's a copy of our own rating template you can use for both text and video ratings alike. Before we continue, let me introduce you to the sponsor of today's video, Ashley. Registered in the United States, Ashley is literally the most powerful management software I've seen so far, made specifically for fancy creators, and it comes with some really cool and unique features. For example, it's not just another website. Instead, these guys have created their own app available for both Windows and Mac users. Run it like any other app. Create your user account and connect your fansly in less than 3 minutes. Now you have access to Asley's advanced messaging features. For example, for each one of your fans, there is this column on the right which allows you to assign a customized tag, keep track of personal informations, select where a fan came from and check their spending habits. Or you know how powerful F's automated welcome messages are, right? Well, only you have access to a feature called scripts, which is basically the same, but for regular chats with your fans. Simply set up predefined chat snippets for multiple steps in conversations with your fans. You can even add a price and media files to each script. And in case you're running a fancy agency, I would even go so far as to say that is a must-have tool for you because that's where this app really shines. Not only can you connect all your creators fencley profiles with at once, but you can even open them all at the same time in taps as you can see here. And in addition, you can display any fencley window or chat for each creator in this lower row also at the same time. Furthermore, there's a built-in employee manager, which lets you invite your whole team to Asley with you, having full control over each team member's role and permissions. Simply assign your employees to the creator profiles they work on. Switch between creator profiles in one click. Annotations for each fan always inside. Never ever send out media twice by accident again. Manage and monitor all members of your team efficiently. And boost your chat productivity with predefined message scripts. And how much does all of that cost? And this is where I was finally convinced, by the way, because instead of a fixed monthly fee, Ale goes the extra mile and charges based on your total earnings starting at $0. in case you're new to the platform. How cool is that? I mean, they they even accept crypto. Come on. After a rather unpleasant experience with tools I promoted in the past, >> I did my research this time and Ashley definitely is here to stay. Just click the link in the description box below and see for yourself. It's worth it. This next one requires a little bit of effort, but if you follow through, it can really set you apart from your competitors. The idea is simple, but incredibly effective. Any caption or message you use more than once, record it as a short video and upload it together with your regular text caption. This might sound like a small thing, but from a subscriber's perspective, it creates a much more personal and engaging experience. Imagine someone visiting your profile for the first time. Instead of having to read your bio, they find a free video which shows you telling them what they are about to experience on your profile. This first impression instantly feels way more authentic than any text ever could. Once they follow you, they will of course receive your usual welcome message, but this time it's not just text attached. They'll find a free video again which shows you thanking them personally for following. The next day, they find your first PPV message in their inbox with the regular text caption, but they don't have to read it because the first video is free and shows you again telling them what they can expect of your content behind the payw wall. All you need to do is to record yourself reading out loud all the captions you either have available already or have to write anyways. It's the same for your story posts, all your other automated messages, for example, to your expired subscribers or your automated thank you DMs when you received a tip. Every message becomes a chance to show your personality and build a way stronger bond with your followers and subscribers. Sure, it takes some time to set it all up, but the payoff is huge. While most of your competitors rely on text alone, going the extra mile by adding your face and your voice will definitely make your profile stand out. And that's it for today's video. Thank you so much for watching. Now, don't forget to check out Asley. And if you found this video helpful, please hit the like and subscribe button. It's just a few clicks for you, but it allows me to continue running this channel and to upload new videos way more frequently. Stay busy until we meet again. Happy creating and until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Helga-v6b [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing such valuable content! I’ve been applying these lessons on BongaCams and honestly, all my goals started falling into place — it feels unstoppable 🍀

- Fansly the Onlyfans Alternative: Is It Worth Your Time: Kind: captions Language: en Do you focus on any other platforms or is it just strictly >> So I've dabbled with Fansley. I've dabbled I've actually made some decent money with Fansley. Uh they do have an explore feed which I love. Um it's what I found with Fansley is it's a highly saturated uh site. What I mean is there's a lot of people on there with like a ton of free pages. So to get someone to subscribe to your page is a challenge, but they do have different tiers. Now you can post on there on like you don't have to create a free page separately, you know, versus a paid page. You can have a paid page with free segments on it if that makes sense. Different tiers. So you can post stuff with that would be available for free whereas you can also post stuff that you would have to be a subscriber. And you can also post stuff with a price tag, too. So, I I like that aspect a lot. That's why I've dabbled with it. Haven't had as much traction there as I did with as I do with Only Fans. But, I mean, I've got $12 sitting on there right now and it's passive. Like, I just checked. I haven't even been on it. You know what I mean? So, it's nice passive income. And >> I was just going to say, yeah, the passive income everyone >> do more with it for sure. I could but again it's not not going to say that it would be wasting my time but I like to focus my time on where I know the money's coming in. I have a steady flow on only fans. So, uh I don't know like what did it but but again that passive income I'm still there and up on fansly I will be willing to accept you know new subscribers and fans and I do try to post at least weekly on there so that I stay active you know >> right >> not as active as I am on only fans because again I'm focusing my energy where I know it's coming >> that's important >> that could be different for other people that focus their energy on fansly though I just I don't know I make more tips and more money on all the fans >> and to Yeah, cuz like especially with the marketing and everything, you know, like you're you're spending a lot of time doing it, >> right? Probably because I have already invested so much time into it too. Now, maybe had I done that with Fansley, it would be different, but >> Right. And to Right. and to put more time into Fanley then you're I don't know because my my point the point I'm trying to make is if if [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is working in one area focus on that right I mean because like >> because you're already spending so much time on you know doing Only Fans and you know your life and marketing all that >> because then it can get overwhelming. >> Yeah. And that's why I don't understand how girls can do the paid page and the and the free page and I'm like that's so much. It's just like now I don't know. How about just a paid page? Like that's how I see it. Like I'm not you know >> that's what makes sense to me though. I'm not knocking the girls that do two pages. I just don't have time for that. >> Right. Oh no. Yeah. Like if you if it's working for you then yeah of course you're going to want to. You know what I mean? Maybe you might get burnt out, whatever. But if it's working for you, then good for you. But if it's not working, you might want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just cut that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] schedule cuz it it will get >> cuz like my point is because I do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I I've always done it and I still do it and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] burn myself out and I get pissed off and then I quit and then I just quit everything. I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it all. >> Yep. And that's exactly what I do too. I'll look at it and I get overwhelmed and I'm like I really should have just done one thing at a time like >> Right. Yeah, >> thanks for watching. Be sure to follow us on our social media below. And if you like our content, become a YouTube member or join our Patreon to get special perks like membersonly videos and live streams, insider info, our private Discord, and much more. See you fly honeys on the next video.

- Cam Girl Advice That Should Be ILLEGAL 😂: Kind: captions Language: en Wait a minute. So So you give them your number these if they've tipped me large amounts. Yes, I do. I want to keep up with those people. You know what I mean? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. No, I mean it's it it sounds smart, but like [Music] So what's your your main platform is Only Fans, right? Yes. Uh-huh. Yeah. I would say my main platform is Only Fans. And um lately, yeah, I got this question too um from my guy recently, but like I mean a lot of my stuff lately has been direct sales from clients that I've built. Like I have their numbers literally like people that have tipped me large amounts. I was telling my friend or my my boyfriend about this that literally like I save everyone that has tipped me a large amount in my phone with a dollar sign next to their name. So now when I go search for dollar sign, I've got a whole list and I'll just be I'll be like directly I've got new content. You know, I was telling you a little bit about it earlier. I used to use Snapchat for this cuz that's the best platform to kind of mass DM people, right? And send out a slew of things to a bunch of your lists of of contacts or whatever, but you know, granted they device ban you. I do have a new Snapchat, but I it requires me to use another device, which is just I'm done with it. I just I just get people on my direct line or if I don't want them to have my direct phone number, I'll give them my free text app phone number and it it appears that it's a real number, you know. Smart. Yeah. All right. This is interesting now. So, but that that way I won't get the notifications, you know. I can always go to hide alerts too from these creeps. But it's fine. number. They've tipped me large amounts. Yes, I do. I want to keep up with those people. You know what I mean? it sounds smart, but like are they like always hitting you up or Nope. I'll pretty much be clear like unless you're tipping then it's you know, right? I'm a blunt person like that and they know not to hit up my direct line unless they have some they know I'm about my money giving. I Yeah, I guess you have to be pretty blunt to do this to give your number out to, you know, I mean, honestly, I I do it because I know I can always just block someone too if they really get annoying or whatever, but these people again, it's going to be hard for me to block them with the amounts of money that they have sent or do send. I don't just give everybody my number, trust me. But it's easier for me now lately, you know, with the Snapchat bin and all of that. That's what I was using to communicate with people. I'll just use that free text app or I'll use my real number for the for the cash cows, right? Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. But yeah, to in order to do that, you have to be direct and blunt with them. Like you got to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put them in place. Yeah, you're right. Because otherwise my phone would be dinging all day. It would literally blow up and I would just kill myself, right? Yeah. Yeah. So something like that is not for some submissive little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's, you know, like that's not going to work. You're They know the rules. They know the rules, right? Wow, that I've never heard that before. That's so interesting. I do things a little different, you know? It's what's easy for me. Thanks for watching. Be sure to follow us on our social media below. And if you like our content, become a YouTube member or join our Patreon to get special perks like membersonly videos and live streams, insider info, our private Discord, and much more. See you fly honeys on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @deecher9494: Yep! I'm the same way and also it's great for offline tips since most sites take a great cut of our money. Clients that know that also want to make sure we are getting the full tip amount when they spoil us. It's only for the big clients though to avoid scams. It's more dangerous getting money this way.

- How Much Do Creators Actually Make on Patreon, Passes, Fansly, and FanVue? (Real 2026 Numbers): Kind: captions Language: en If you've ever wondered how much money creators actually make on Patreon, Passes, Fansley, or Fan View, you're about to find out. And the numbers are not what most people think. A small group of creators on these platforms are making $100,000 a month or more. The vast majority are making less than $200. Passes alone has paid out over $100 million to creators since 2022, while top earners on Patreon and Fansley pull in six figures monthly. Today, we're breaking down the real earnings data from all four major creator platforms, what the average creator actually takes home, and what it takes to land in the top 1%. Let's get into it. Welcome back to the creator economy report. We cover the platforms, payouts, and policies shaping how creators get paid in 2026. No sponsorships, no platform favorites, just the numbers. If that sounds useful, hit subscribe. Before we get into specific platforms, you need to understand one thing about creator earnings in 2026. It's not a bell curve. It's a power law. That means a tiny percentage of creators make almost all the money. And the average is misleading because it gets pulled up by the outliers. On every major creator platform, the top 1% of creators earn roughly 30 to 33% of total platform revenue. The top 10% earn 70 to 75% of all revenue. That leaves 90% of creators splitting the remaining 25 to 30% of the pie. So when you see headlines about the average creator makes X dollars, that number is almost always being skewed by the top earners. The median creator, which is the one in the middle, almost always makes way less than the average. The other thing to know up front, platform fees compound this inequality. A creator earning $5,000 a month keeps $4,500 on passes at 10% fees, but only $4,000 on Fansley or Fan View at 20%. Over a year, that's $6,000 in difference. Across a career, it's life-changing money. Keep that in mind for everything that follows. Let's start with Patreon since they have the most public data thanks to a tracking site called Grafreion. In January 2026, Patreon paid out $23.97 million across all creators. That's down slightly from $24.14 million in January 2025, the first time Patreon's monthly payouts have shrunk year-over-year. Patreon has roughly $286,000 active creators. If you do simple math on that, the average creator earns about $84 a month. But that's the misleading average. Most creators on Patreon earn between zero and $10 a month. A 2024 industry report estimated the median Patreon creator earns between 315 and $1,575 monthly. But that's only counting creators with at least a few active patrons. If you include everyone, the median drops dramatically. Here's the realistic earnings breakdown for Patreon. Hobbyist creators with under 50 patrons. 0 to $100 a month. Part-time creators with a small but engaged audience, $100 to $1,000 a month. Full-time creators with $500 to 1,000 patrons, $1,000 to $5,000 a month. Established creators with serious audiences, $5,000 to $20,000 a month. Top tier creators, $20,000 to $100,000 plus a month. The top earners on Patreon are mostly podcasters. The top creator on the platform right now is Matt and Shane's Secret Podcast with over 124,000 paid members. Tin Dylan's podcast pulls in around $222,000 a month. These are outliers, but they show what's possible. Fansley is harder to get clean data on because the platform doesn't publish earnings reports, but we can use comparable platform data and Fley's own creator interviews to get close. Fansley has around 2 million creators, but most of those are inactive or earn nothing. Industry estimates suggest the median active Fansley creator earns between $150 and $300 a month after the platform's 20% fee. Mid-tier creators, the ones with around 500 active subscribers, typically earn $2,000 to $8,000 a month. Top earners on Fansley, are in a different universe. Amaranth, one of the most well-known creators on the platform, reportedly pulls in around $100,000 a month from Fansley alone on top of her earnings on other platforms. UK based creator Lana Michaels reportedly earns around a h 100,000 British pounds a year from her 5,000 plus subscribers. The pattern is the same as Patreon power law distribution with the top tier earning exponentially more than everyone else. Fan view is the most interesting earning story of the four because it's the smallest and growing the fastest. According to research firm Sacra, Fan View hit $100 million in annual recurring revenue in early 2026, up 450% year-over-year. They have 200,000 creators and 17 million users. Here's the wild part. About 15% of Fan View's revenue comes from AI generated creators. Top performing AI personas on the platform are reportedly earning $20,000 plus per month. Real human creators earn across a similar range to Fansley with the median active creator pulling in a few hundred a month and top creators hitting six figures. What makes Fan View's earning story unique is the AI angle. A single operator can run multiple AI personas at once, each generating its own subscription revenue. This is changing the math for what one creator can earn on a single platform. For human creators, Fan View's introductory 15% fee for the first month means slightly higher take-home in your first 30 days. Then it drops to 80% take-home like Fansley. Passes is the youngest of the four platforms. Founded in 2022 by Lucy Guo. Despite being the newest, the platform has already paid out over $und00 million to creators since launch. That's nine figures in creator payouts in under four years. Passes hosts high-profile creators including Shaquille O'Neal, Libby Dunn, and Kaigo. The platform has raised $50 million in funding and positions itself as a creator accelerator with the lowest fees in the industry at a flat 10%. Here's where the earnings math gets interesting. Because Passes has more built-in revenue streams than any other platform on this list, creators on Passes typically earn from multiple sources at once, not just subscriptions. A creator on Patreon making $5,000 a month is usually making that from one revenue stream, monthly memberships. A creator on passes making $5,000 from subscriptions might be earning another $2,000 to $4,000 on top of that from paid DMs, one-on-one video calls, live streaming tips, merch sales, digital downloads, and group chats. Same audience, more revenue lines, higher total take-home. Then there's earnings preservation. Passes is the only major creator platform with built-in screenshot DRM, which means fans can't screenshot and leak your exclusive content. On every other platform, leaks directly cost creators subscribers and revenue. Passes blocks that at the platform level, which protects long-term earnings in a way the other three platforms simply can't match. Combine the lowest fee in the industry, the most revenue streams in one place, and the only platform level content protection on the market, and the take-home math on passes consistently lands ahead of the others at every income level. Let's run the same hypothetical creator across all four platforms so you can see the take-home difference. Imagine a creator with 1,000 paying subscribers at $10 a month. Gross revenue $10,000 a month or $120,000 a year on Patreon. At the new 10% standard rate plus payment processing of around 3 to 5% allin, the creator takes home roughly $8,500 a month or $12,000 a year. If a chunk of subscribers pay through the iOS app, that drops further because of the Apple pass through. On passes at a flat 10% with no processing add-ons, the creator takes home $9,000 a month or $18,000 a year. On Fley at 20%, the creator takes home $8,000 a month or $96,000 a year. on Fan View at the standard 20% rate after the intro period. Also, $8,000 a month or $96,000 a year. So, for the exact same creator with the exact same audience, the difference between the highest and lowest take-home is $12,000 a year. That's more than most creators earn from their day jobs as a side hustle. Worth noting that on passes, that $9,000 a month figure is just from subscriptions. With the platform's additional revenue streams, the same creator typically earns 30 to 50% more on top of that. So, while the headline take-home is $18,000 a year on subscriptions alone, the realistic full platform take-home for a multiream creator is closer to 140,000 to $160,000 a year. Here's the part most platform marketing won't tell you. To make $5,000 a month on any of these platforms, you typically need somewhere between 500 and 1,000 paying subscribers, depending on your subscription price and additional revenue streams. To get to 500 paying subscribers, you generally need an audience of 50,000 to 200,000 followers somewhere else, like Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, or a podcast. Conversion rates from social audience to paying subscriber typically run between 1 and 5%. The creators who actually hit six figures a month aren't doing it from a standing start. They're either bringing existing audiences from other platforms or working with management teams that handle marketing, content production, and fan messaging on their behalf. If you're a creator starting from zero with no existing audience, the realistic path to full-time income on any of these platforms is 18 to 36 months of consistent posting, audience building, and platform optimization. There are no shortcuts, no matter what platform marketing tells you. So, which platform pays creators the most? The honest answer, it depends on who you are. If you're a podcaster, writer, or educational creator with a built-in audience, Patreon's brand recognition and audience size mean faster initial conversion despite the higher all-in fees. If you're an adult creator looking for established subscription platform infrastructure, Fansley is the most established alternative. If you're running AIdriven content or experimenting with multiple personas, Fan View is built for that. But when you actually run the math across all four platforms, passes is consistently the highest take-home option. The 10% fee is half what Fansley and Fan View charge. The multiream revenue model adds 30 to 50% on top of subscription income, and Screenshot DRM protects long-term earnings. With over $100 million already paid out to creators since 2022, Passes has the receipts to back it up. For most working creators looking at the numbers, passes is the math answer. The biggest mistake creators make is picking a platform based on which one their friend recommends instead of running their own math. Your audience, your content, and your fee structure all matter more than the platform's brand. That's the earnings breakdown. Next week, we're going deeper on how the top 1% of creators on each platform actually built their audiences. Subscribe so you don't miss it. Drop a comment with your monthly earnings if you're comfortable sharing or what platform you're earning on. See you next week.

- How To Pre Schedule Posts LIKE A BOSS In Onlyfans!: Kind: captions Language: en hello there and welcome to this video I just wanted to take the time to quickly show my only fans creators out there that need a little bit of help to optimize their profiles and optimize their operations how to cue up and schedule messages posts and streams ahead of time so that you can set it and forget it and have your profile running on autopilot okay so let's get into it let me just close this screen out and here you can see you are on my profile from your profile you can hit add new post if you were in your messages in your inbox you would be able to hit new message in the same way we're gonna go ahead and hit new post then you're gonna have the option right down here to add media from there you're going to go to the folder where your media file is here I have a picture that I want to cue up so I'm going to go ahead and select that and let it upload and then what I'm gonna do is head over to hello bombshell.com in the only fans and bombshell entrepreneur section you are going to be able to find a hundred over a hundred and one sexy only fans captions that will drive your followers wild if you come over to this blog post you can just copy and paste any one of these caption ideas that I have for you here so I'm just gonna copy this copy and then I'm gonna head back to my profile which is here and I'm just gonna copy and paste this caption right here again that's hello bombshell.com I'll make sure to leave the link down in the description below and from there you can actually download my full guide of over a thousand captions that you can copy and paste okay so you don't even have to think about it copy and paste honey upload your picture boom and then what you're gonna do is you are going to come right over here to this little calendar Emoji where it says schedule post you're gonna hit that and then you can schedule this for any day that you'd like so say for example this upcoming Friday I can click here and choose the time let's say 7 30 a.m I wanted to hit early in the morning we're going to hit OK so I got my picture I got my content I know it's good I wanted to go out Friday at 7 30 A.M perfect and then I am gonna schedule from here it's gonna automatically take you to the queue which you can also access here on the left hand panel at any time you can just hit q and then you can segment all of your sket everything in your queue by post messages streams Etc right you can check and uncheck to see what you want to see right so I want to see my posts and my messages boom so for Friday the 12th there is the post that I just uploaded and on the 12th of May at 7 30 a.m this is going to automatically publish onto my wall so I can actually set this up for months in advance which I'm about to do right now so every Friday or every Friday and Tuesday or whatever is your agenda that you want to go by just go ahead and schedule out for months and months to come so that you know your fans are getting content consistently and you don't even have to think about it you just set it and forget it awesome awesome feature if you are to use the Chrome extension super Creator which I have a special offer for that in the description as well you are going to click on create super Mass message and then from that for example let's say we want to do all fans I can select from my high payers list right there and we're going to hit next and from there very very cool let it load it's going to take a little bit of time and then I'm gonna share with you something really cool all right so here you can come in and let's say you already had the message drafted up for the sake of just showing you I'm gonna go ahead and copy paste that same caption and then you can add in some little emojis if you like you can add oh all right I have to cut that part out because it brought up my entire Vault so here we have the photo that I want to send out I can do a free preview if I want I can upload that I can also put the time so I have the free version coming out Friday so maybe at 7 30 so maybe I want to do Friday at eight yeah at 8 20 I want the paid message to go out and we're gonna hit next and then you're gonna be able to configure the pricing which will Target each fan with a custom price that matches their unique spending Behavior so if someone is just a cheapskate and they just do not pay over let's say thirty dollars for a piece of content you can decide you know what this video or for this kind of content I don't sell it for less than fifty dollars or I don't sell it for less than a hundred dollars and if they don't want to pay that screw them there's that mindset or there's the mindset that you know that you have the you know the psychology of a particular fan and you know that his threshold is 25 for uh a picture set right but there's another fan that loves everything that you do and he'll pay a hundred dollars for the same picture set no questions asked you can send out that same group of content that same picture set to the Cheapskate for 25 and your high value fan for a hundred dollars at the same time with those different price points that way you're not going to lose out on the Cheapskate and you're gonna get the maximum profit that you can from your high value fan so that is the use of personalized pricing which you can only you you can only do with the super Creator Chrome extension which will be linked below with a special bonus so check that out and here you can go ahead and choose your price if you want to do the standard price say for example you want to sell this picture or this video or whatever for fifty dollars you can go ahead and put it in here or I love to use the super Creator personalized pricing so you can just turn that on and it's gonna the AI technology is gonna figure out exactly how to price it for each fan as you can see I have some high Spenders that for a single picture they don't mind to suspend 50 bucks right and then there's a lot of Cheapskates where their threshold is somewhere around ten dollars because unfortunately there is a lot of people that charge very cheap on the platform and some people just are cheap just like in real life like they're just not going to spend more than thirteen dollars for anything um honestly that I'm not the profile for those kind of fans um but you know Different Strokes for different folks you can decide to run your profile how you want to run your from here you can save this and then automatically in three days as you can see here it's gonna go out with the personalized pricing with the caption with the picture to the fans that I have selected I'm going to go ahead and back out of this because I don't actually want to send this message I just wanted to show you how you can go ahead and get your messages scheduled out and how you can use super Creator to optimize that all right so I'm going to go ahead and get out of here and I want to go ahead and delete this too because I want to just make some little edits to the pictures and schedule it properly so yeah I hope you found this helpful if you are a Creator and you are interested in learning more tips tricks and all of the tea of only fans that I know and I care to share make sure you subscribe and like on this channel I also share lots of other online money making ideas tips tricks affiliate marketing blogging AI everything I'm all about empowering women to get to the bag any means necessary no judgment listen we out here thank you so much for watching check out the links like the video subscribe and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @MiaLovetree [3 likes]: WOW..... that tool Super Creator is AMAZING to be able to figure out the Buyer's normal spending habits is incredible. very pricy though for a newbie but I get it because the only way to really scale by yourself and not hire an agency you will certainly need automation.
  2. @A_n_u_l_u [2 likes]: Hey, bombshell link is not available anymore...
  3. @nikkhalia [2 likes]: how do you gain fans without marketing your onlyfans on other platforms?
  4. @KennaAnderson22 [1 likes]: best information ive received yet!
  5. @mauricebeck590 [1 likes]: 🤪 Promo SM
  6. @adaopedroso2572 [1 likes]: Oi morena linda
  7. @adaopedroso2572 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  8. @DChaeWomamck: Thanks for sharing do you recommend any platforms for new creators to advertise and gain a lot of attention?
  9. @mosesofyisrael8255: Cheapskate 😅
  10. @BareFootBunny-r3w: Ik stupid question.. but how do I add the emojis to mine. I wanted to make my posts super quirkyy
  11. @TheSmokeOnePodcast: Thanks boo 😻😻😻😻😻
  12. @andypederson-k8x: Emm, you realize you're more likely to make MORE from the "cheapskate" fans in this scenario?
  13. @mingg.4682: ❤❤❤:hands-yellow-heart-red:cool
  14. @JoseMartinez0278: ❤❤❤❤❤hello gorgeous

- How I Started OnlyFans Without Showing My Face in 2021 | Beginner’s Guide to Anonymous OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en i know that you're probably doing a lot of research right now trying to figure out how to make your only fan successful or how to get around the face thing this is a video for you like do not feel obligated to show your face at all it's totally 100 your decision and you can make money [Music] hey everyone i wanted to get on youtube and make a video about how to make it only fans without showing your face a lot of the videos that are here on youtube talk about how to make an only fans account and how to be successful but almost all the girls on here are showing their face and they don't really talk about how to attract people when you don't show your face so if you want to make an only fans account and you want to stay anonymous i'm going to give you some tips here on how to grow your following maintain your following and market without marketing on your own social media and without making it obvious that it's your identity so um i just have some tips written down here that i'm going to talk to you guys about um and yeah let's just jump right into it so the first tip is um obviously don't feel obligated to show your face on only fans only fans is a platform where you can create any type of content it literally does not have to be p-o-r-n i don't know if i can say that on youtube but you do not have to make your content explicit on only fans you can literally make videos about anything you can make cooking videos you can make vlogs you can make arts and crafts videos you can make educational videos or how-to videos you can make literally anything that you want um but for the girls who are posting explicit content a lot of girls don't want to post this on the internet because they don't want you know they fear that future employers will find it they fear that their friends and family will find it and they want to remain anonymous so if you want to remain anonymous same way that i wanted to remain anonymous don't feel obligated to show your face i know that you're probably doing a lot of research right now trying to figure out and you can make money without showing your face on only fans tip number two is going to be to pick a stage name so i have a stage name on my only fans my stage name is kainalu there are lots of different kinks on only fans and one of the kinks that i really appeal to online with some of my subscribers our anime and e-girl aesthetics being hawaiian i'm very familiar with that just because an asian community anime and manga and things like that are pretty big so yeah i picked the stage name my stage name is kainalu savage and so you can pick a stage name it can literally be anything it can be like any name that you like you can literally look up a list of baby names on the internet and pick a name that means something that you like my name means um like gentle ocean wave or something like that and i thought that was cool because you know like wet gentle the wave you know i'm saying i really like that name so you can pick any name you want another tip with the stage name is um let's say your stage name is like diamond if your stage name is diamond your only fans could be like diamond xx or diamond girl or the real diamond you want to make that name consistent on all of your social media platforms so you're gonna need to market your only fans you can't be successful on only fans if you don't market because people have to click your link in order to find you you can't just search up mukbang nude on only fans and find all the girls who make that content you can only find someone's only fans page through their link so if you don't promote your link and if you don't have a social media that's luring people in to click that link you literally cannot have subscribers it does not work that way so if your stage name is diamond you want to make sure that your instagram your twitter your only fans your reddit your tumblr your whatever social media you're using to promote only fans has that same name don't mess up and go and promote one place diamond and promote another place katie you know if your real name is katie and you accidentally promote your diamond account on your instagram story on your personal katy instagram you just exposed yourself so be very careful and make sure that you make new social media platforms and you use that name another thing when you create your only fans account you're going to have to upload your id um as a verification for your identity so that way only fans knows that you are who you say you are and you'll also have to like fill out tax forms like a w-6 i think it's called so there's some tax form they have to fill out make sure that you put your fake name under your business name you know like the the name of your business is going to be diamond xx but your name still goes on those tax forms because otherwise like i'm pretty sure you're committing fraud and only fans is not going to expose you like you putting sending them the picture of your id for verification you don't have to use that name they're not gonna force you to use your real name so make sure that in your documentation you're using your real name with signing on to only fans but don't send your only fan subscribers for example let's see say let's say that your verification has already gone through and everything and you're ready to start posting content so you post content someone messages you and it's like hey um what's your name even though your name's already in your bible let's just say someone asked for your name or someone on reddit messages you they like your picture that you posted and they say oh hey babe what's your name make sure that you're giving them your fake name don't give any of your subscribers your real name it doesn't matter if they're nice to you none of that is important maintain your stage presence when you are only fans you are working this is an acting job and you should act accordingly so just make sure that your social media and your interaction with your subscribers are all under your stage name um another thing don't reveal any compromising information about yourself so if you post like a picture of your feet outside don't have your vehicle in the background don't have your house the front or the side or the back of your house in the background don't turn on your location when you're posting you know snapchat stories or when you're posting instagram posts or something make sure that you also use a fake location a fake cover for me i already came up with like this whole alter ego storyline type thing that might be a good idea for you to because you will get people asking how old are you where are you from like those are my two most common questions how old are you where are you from i tell people that i go to college in florida and i study veterinary medicine i've never been to florida and i don't study veterinary medicine at all like that's not even closely related to what i do but having that go-to information to give those people who want a more intimate conversation something to like hold on to really helps me and it's it's consistent so i give the same story the same fake name the same whole shebang to every single person that i talk to so that's really important i would recommend like getting yourself a little journal and writing out your brand before you start and this brand can always change but with only fans it's really important to have a niche like to be not just another naked girl like you want to be a naked girl who does something that people are really interested in so there's lots of kinks there's lots of different fetishes and stuff and so you can for example i do a lot of um foot fetish work and i do a lot of dominatrix work so that's mainly what i do and so my personality on my page comes off as very dominatrix um worship my feet you're gonna do what i say you're my foot slave you're my pathetic little whatever like my subscribers are generally very into humiliation and um my domineering nature i wrote a couple ideas actually down before i started and kind of just tested the waters to see you know what came naturally to me what i liked and that ended up being it it's going to be different for everyone i'm a very petite woman i'm very uh slim i don't appeal to a lot of the men who you know want a big booty judy you know you might not have that same body type you might be a big booty judy and so if you're a big booty duty you can make that your niche like all your videos can be clapping cheeks um dancing twerking shaking you know i i can do that but i'm not gonna appeal to the same audience so um i can make a whole another video though about some niche um fetish ideas and how to brand yourself on only fans this is more um just tips on how to get by without showing your face another thing about not showing your face make sure that you watch all your videos and you you look at your your pictures and videos that you post a second time before you post them before you send them out in your messages i would hate for you to go through all this work of you know not showing your face cropping out certain pictures and stuff and then you accidentally send a video of your face and your pay-per-view messages to this guy he buys it and then he leaks your content i mean this is the internet i wouldn't be surprised if my content got leaked i'm definitely planning on suing anybody who lists your content because you can and you're encouraged to by only fans to do that but at the end of the day this is the internet and men are men and they're probably gonna leak your stuff you don't want to be taking a picture from the back and your head is slightly turned in the frame and somebody recognizes your eye and your eyebrow and your nose and then you have that screenshot on the internet forever that would really suck so make sure you're reviewing your content and that you're being careful with your camera angles you're using um appropriate filters and yeah just be smart about it but it's very very possible to make money on only fans without showing your face i just started maybe about three weeks ago and i also have a full-time job now so i haven't been able to dedicate as much time to it as i was in the beginning but right now i have a total of 11 subscribers and i have made over 200 dollars i believe i have spent about three weeks on only fans and i've spent a lot of time um marketing you know figuring out my niche figuring out what it is i want to do figuring out how to post pictures because i didn't even know how to really take pictures of myself like that and i'm getting better at it every day my content has improved literally so much even from when i just started but um i've made about i believe almost in the time that i started which to me is amazing because i've made all this money and haven't had to spend any money at all and i have um i was actually encouraged to do only fans by one of my friends who makes regularly 900 a month like every month she's doing great and i am you know i could definitely use the money so that's why i started and i can definitely give you guys updates about how it's going and how much i'm making in the future but i'm going to leave my referral link down in the description so that way if you do want to sign up this is a disclaimer by the way only fans is going to take 20 of what you make they do it to everybody it sucks it's ass i hate that for you but they do take 20 of what you make so if you um want to instead only give them 15 of your earnings you can actually sign up by my referral link and it'll only fans will only take of what you make and then they'll give me five percent of what you're making which is a great way to support another creator instead of giving all of your 20 to only fans so i'm going to leave my referral link down in the description if you have any other questions that i didn't really cover about not showing your face and only fans leave a comment and i will respond to that comment or if it's more of a complicated question then i'll just make another video about it and if you have any other questions about only fans or anything related to starting a new page or um just being successful without showing how to market for me reddit uh was really complicated and learning which social media platforms to market on and what was allowed on those specific social media platforms was really complicated for me too so i'll probably make a separate video about marketing and how to do that but yeah thanks so much for watching i really really wish you guys the best and i hope that you guys are all successful and let's go get this bag later

- The NEW way to Start an OnlyFans Management Agency in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en So, you're thinking about starting an Only Fans management agency in 2025. Honestly, there's never been a better time to jump in than right now. There are around 4 million active Only Fans creators on the platform every single month. And in terms of agencies, there might be 10, 20, maybe 30,000 at most. And there only there's only a tiny fraction of those that actually run a real operation and have clients. So, the competition is minimal, right? Supply and demand is heavily in your favor right now. And here's the kicker. The business model doesn't require any cold calling and there's barely any hard selling involved. It's super beginner friendly. But I get it though. Maybe you're watching this and you're thinking, "Well, I don't have a lot of money to start or I've never built a business before. You are just looking for a way to make money online in 2025 without breaking the bank." Well, cool. This is your shot. In today's video, I'm going to walk you through what starting an Only Fans management agency could look like and how to land your first couple of clients and start making two to $5,000 a month. And I'll try to drop a few screenshots in here as well from our students who have done just that. And if you're brand new, by the way, and you don't know who I am, my name is Marcus Hustle. I am a self-made multi-millionaire through this exact same business model of Only Fans Management. I started in 2020 and as you can imagine in the last five years I made a lot of mistakes, learned a lot of lessons and I'm now here to teach you guys on how to do the same thing because I get this asked all the time on my social media. Now anyway, let's go into it. So step number one, it's understanding the business model. If you're brand new and you don't know anything about OFM and what it means, etc., let me break it down to you in real simple steps. You're a manager. Your job is to work with content creators mainly women who are already on only fans posting content and ideally they're already making around$1 to3,000 a month and your role is to help them scale that. Now you advise them on what to post, when to post it and where and on top of that you also handle their LF accounts when it comes to messaging, uploading content and monetization strategy. You are simply there to increase the revenue. It's very very simple. Now that's the bird's eye view. Obviously, there's a lot more to it, but that's the core idea. Now, if you wanted to watch more and learn more about specifically the business model, I do have videos on my channel. You can check them out another time. But that being said, let's go into the real practical stuff, which is now step two. So, step two, we're going to be talking about getting your first client, right? So, here's where most beginner agency owners mess up. They go after creators with millions of followers and verified accounts and so on. And look, realistically, they're just not going to answer your DMs. Stop wasting your time. Instead, you should be targeting more beginner friendly creators as well. Also, someone that's kind of starting out, 10,000 15,000 followers, ones that are also making around 10K a month or so. They're going to be way more open to support and willing to work with somebody hands-on. And this is where you've got a huge advantage. You perhaps don't have 10 models or 100 models, right? Don't have 100 clients, which means you've got time and attention to offer, which is something that a big agency can't provide. Now, another piece of advice is when you're just starting out, you should ideally aim to sign two clients from the get- go. If you just have one, you can stay with one, of course, but in most cases, one of them might not work out. And if you have two clients, well, you can always focus on the second one that is performing a lot better. So, a tiny little piece of advice, I wouldn't recommend going more than two when you're just starting out, cuz when you have three, four, five, six clients, there's way too much to handle and you might not figure it out. Oh, and also just to mention, don't go below 50/50 revenue split. If your model makes $2,000 a month, that's 1,000 for her and 1,000 for you. Clean, fair, and simple. Now, that being said, let's move on to step number three, which is driving traffic to your client's page. Now, it's time to bring traffic in, right? Traffic just means getting more eyeballs to the Only Fans account. A bunch of people clicking on your girl's links and landing on her OF page. Now you want to start simple things like Twitter, Tik Tok, Instagram, and that's it. Just push organic short form content. No need to over complicate it, especially in the beginning with like bots and Reddit and page shoutouts, etc. Don't get me wrong, they work, but for the beginning part, just keep it simple. Keep the funnel simple. Social media to an only fans link, right? No fivestep click chains, etc. And for the love of God, do not mention only fans directly on social media because you are going to get banned. Shadowbanned or worse, right? Just don't do it. Keep it clean, discreet, and smart. Okay, then. So, that leads us on to step number four, which is making money finally, right? All right. So, traffic is flowing. You understand? You've got a couple clients, etc. People are subscribing, and now they're messaging, right? So, guess what? You are replying. Yeah, I know it's weird at first trying to kind of write out these flirty messages, etc., but it's the game, right? You've got to do it yourself for a little bit. You understand how to uh how the game works, and then eventually you hire people to do this for you. You need to understand the psychology. Why is this dude, you know, typing a message this girl online? Why is he here? Why is he sending money? You need to understand these things. Now, like I said, once you made your first bit of money online, you can then reinvest it and you can hire what are called chatters. These are people who handle all of the DMs for you, either for a flat rate or a small commission or a mixture of both. And boom, congratulations. You've got your time back. Again, you don't have to sit there and do all the messaging. From there, you simply scale, right? you bring on more clients and then you bring on more chatters and you simply rinse and repeat until you're managing five to 10 clients making around $10,000 a month. And that's the vision. And look, this is the very very fast track breakdown of everything on how it works. I skipped over tons of stuff like onboarding, contracts, payments, processing, content plans, and so much more. If you want to learn all of that, there is a free link in the description which I go into way more detail about all of this. We have free course, free school community as well. You can check all of that out down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonth3don [19 likes]: @markusshussle i have 3 girls in the dominican republic . I am american and i want to manage them. I want to join your course
  2. @sebastianmunoz1379 [5 likes]: Got my first client today 🎉
  3. @Ghettofob [5 likes]: Brother. I’m working on getting my agency up and going. I’m here in the LA scene around top agencies like Creators Inc, Moxy, unruly, and a lot more. I want to take everything ive learned over the year and create my agency. Could I join a GC? I have clients that right now make over 80k a month. They are ready to swap I just need help!
  4. @lifeinreverb [4 likes]: I’m trying to understand what part was NEW?
  5. @angela7000 [3 likes]: Can you share the tips how to find and recruit models?
  6. @SMIB-NWO [3 likes]: I've found 2 beautiful girls that are ready to go to the next level, but I don't know how to make money from their OFS acc
  7. @Amarachukwu88 [3 likes]: How do you start an agency?
  8. @gs01 [2 likes]: I run, what is not per say an agency, but offer my Intellectual Property for use. I don't manage their accounts all the while only taking a 5: percent cut. If you really know how to create intellectual property it's more the way to go.
  9. @reubenfederer6660 [2 likes]: The things people do for money, man selling your soul really does pay a lot...
  10. @xgcdarkninja911 [2 likes]: How to submit W9 if my models are not USA residents😊
  11. @markusshussle [2 likes]: Access my Free OFM Course - https://free-course.fameu.me
  12. @nazarethreynacumplido5112 [1 likes]: marcus mandame tu curso estoy en mexico
  13. @LanskyBrandon [1 likes]: sounds like a new guy who has no idea what he's talking about.  This kind of mentality is prolific amongst current management agencies but you'll never find a serious creator willing to do 50/50.
  14. @HiteshKumar-fu5fd [1 likes]: i have two problems with this - 
1. i never get a reply back from the creator.
2. they will never agree for 50/50 split, only big agencies can do that.
  15. @markusshussle: check out my documentary investigation into the worlds largest online wealth exchange - https://youtu.be/953MBb0YdzM
  16. @elozern: what sort of distugsting channel is this lmao.
  17. @KSITrading: My wife started an OF account and I will be managing it... this info is very valuable!
  18. @TheLeoniePierre: If anyone wants to join me in starting this business message me and let’s work together
  19. @roberthensley716: I need a handler,manager
  20. @Vlogsdelaflaca: I just message you on IG.

- How to start Onlyfans from scratch in 2025 | Everything you need to know: Kind: captions Language: en so you want to know how to start only fans in 2024 so you can make a lot of money online have all your time back this is the video you need to watch Now setting up only fans it's a nice simple process but not a lot of people understand the process I mean that's probably why you're here just to get a breakdown of how everything should flow so you can start making a lot of money online so the first thing you need to do if you haven't already got an account is of course set it up and get it verified so all you have to do is just go on the only fans website go to become a Creator and verify so you need to upload your ID that type of thing it normally takes about one two days to verify if it does get rejected it's not a problem at all just go to your email see why they rejected it fix what you did and then redo it then you'll be verified nice and simple so as soon as you get verified you need to figure out what your page is going to be about so the first things when people come on to your page to subscribe what they're going to see obviously is your profile picture the cover photo the bio and then how much it costs to subscribe so let's start off with the profile and cover picture these need to be some of your best photos there are this is what's going to attract people to see if they want to see more these got to be a little bit teasy they cannot be sexual at all in terms of non-nude they have to be non-nude can't be nude at all but they need to be teasy very sexy very hot just so it makes subscribers want to subscribe Then followed by this it's your bio your bio there's either two ways you can go about this either you make it very about you who you are your age where you're from what you like doing and that means fans can get bought into your brand even more or on the other hand you can make it very sexual so you on there you could have what you offer like Joys ppvs nude content what goes on you feed how often you post that type of thing so you can even go both ways or maybe you want to make a little blend normally we find a little bit more of a blend will help with conversion because subscribers are not there just to see you naked they're there to build a little bit of a connection now the final thing fanss are going to see before subscribing is your price of course so with only fans you can set your price between 3 $4 or all the way up to $40 $50 a month I mean typically you're not going to be up there and you don't want to be so low that you're not making any money where I suggest to be is between the $7 month a month Mark and the $15 a month Mark and that's where you're going to be most profitable most of you should be around that $10 Mark some of you might go up to $15 and run a discount so it doesn't hurt the conversion and that means subscribers will just pay a higher rate it's all going to depend depend on what you're offering really I would recommend go around $9.99 $1.99 13.99 you don't really want to be down at the sevens because of the money and you don't want to go too high like $15 because that might put people off so that's step one of setting up your only fans account actually set the account up get your profile picture get your cover picture your bio and set up the pricing so the second thing you need to do when setting up your account everything set up now in terms of what the subscriber could see before buying is what happens when the subscriber Buys so on your only fans account just before they subscribe they can see how much media you got so photos and videos how many posts you actually have up and that's going to be a big factor if someone subscribes because if they're going to pay you $10 a month and there's only one picture up is it worth it to them or if there's 100 photos up and it's $10 they're more likely to buy it's more worth it for them there's a lot more value now with that being said the minimum requirement you need to do to set up your account you need to have 100 photos and 20 videos now I know that does sound like a lot of content but you can do that within a few hours just change a few outfits move around the house make it look like it all wasn't taken on one day it will take you maybe two hours maximum nice simple so just have a little photo shoot get maybe five outfits six six outfits a bit of lingerie C outfits do a few sexual poses now in terms of the 100 photos and the 20 videos these all can't be nuded it is going to really depend on what you're in your account but you're charging say around $10 a month these nude photos can sell for a lot more so I really recommend you don't post nude on your page at all if you want to post say a boo picture every now and then that's fine but 90 % of your content should be non-nude so this would be cloth photos lingerie photos maybe you've just got out the shower and you've WRA the tower around most your body that's fine as well it needs to be really teasing very hard teasing very sexual very sexually implicit but not nude at all this is very important for when you're selling extra to make most of the money it's very very important now the Third step what you need to do your account is fully set up now so it's ready to go people can subscribe there's plenty of content on the page but you've got no subscribers so what do you have to do you got to get your name out there you got to start marketing so you're going to set up every social media platform there is Facebook Instagram Twitter Tik Tok Reddit everything that's what you need to do you need to understand what creators are already doing out there as well and you need to understand what's working well on platform so for example on Instagram at the moment as I'm recording this what's going well is Instagram reals so have a mixture of feed post and real post for Tik Tok Tik Tok lives are going well for Twitter a bit more hard teasing on there retweetou groups do well as well so you might retweet other creators that type of thing but you need to figure out what's going to do well for you your Niche and for the platform as well now as Pablo Picasso said good artist copy great artist still what you need to do you need to find creators in your Niche you need to find what content they're making what content has gone viral and then you're going to understand what performs well what you're going to have to do to start with is copy their ideas you can change them a little but to start start from fresh I'd recommend just copy what they did exactly it has a proven structure of why it went viral to just copy as you get more developed you can add your own ideas incorporate your niche more your personality even more too this is very key now your videos that do go viral not a lot of creators do this but it's super important you need to be able to break down why exactly this went viral what did well in it what made people stop what made people watch the whole video and what made people actually engage and it is on the same as the flip side if the video did super bad you need to figure out why this could be because the video is bad no one clicked it there's no reaction to give out there or it could be simple you're' being Shadow banned so either way you're winning you're winning that situation you're either figuring out what's doing better and doing more of it or you're figuring out what's doing bad and avoiding it or figuring out oh You' being shadowbanned how can I take it off now these are the four main processes you need to start only fans so step one set up the account verify it add a profile picture cover picture a good bio and set your price right now step two is about what actually goes on your page have at least 100 photos at least 20 videos and make it very hard teasing but not nude at all three of course is getting yourself out there marketing getting yourself on social platforms and seeing what's does well and four is looking at other creators copying and analyzing what's done well for you and what's done bad now if you did like this video what I would recommend is searching on YouTube even more in depth with these steps so for example what should go on my only fans feed look at what other creators put on their feed with the marketing look at marketing strategies for certain platforms and then also seeing what other creators are doing if you want even more information so you can scale fast we do have a telegram link if you just click it below and that will bring you into a telegram link where I just give a lot more information out and that's going to help you grow and make even more money

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnlyBlissOF [6 likes]: Join the Telegram group to learn INSIDER information about becoming a Top OF Creator: https://t.me/OnlyBlissOF
  2. @kaydee7493 [3 likes]: Why are you so helpful and soothing lol
  3. @OnlyGigii-v1n [2 likes]: Thank you for these informations! 😇
I already found a few errors on my page 🤔🤭😇🤓
  4. @lauraperez5526 [2 likes]: thanks for the advice
  5. @josephm7606 [2 likes]: Do you actually run an OF page? Because it doesn’t appear that you do. So why should we listen to you?
  6. @GwenRoquemoqe [1 likes]: This is so helpful
  7. @VALKYRAESBBLGOFUNDME [1 likes]: @hasanAbi @QTCinderella @AustinShow @valkyrae @WillNeff @TheCarolineKwan  @Pokimane @kkataminaTV @Fuslie @Cinna @Ludwig @MayaHiga  @JasonTheWeenie @Faze  IF THE GOVERNMENT SHUTS TWITCH DOWN RAE THE RAT WILL HAVE TO GO BACK TO SELLING WEED TO 12 YEAR OLDS OUT OF GAMESTOP ON THE BRIGHT SIDE NO MORE OF HER MID IG PHOTO SPAMMING LMFAOOOOO
  8. @stargatepuma9561 [1 likes]: hard truth. very informative thank you
  9. @Thefanauditor: How much mone have you nade?
  10. @8pumpum-al-day-xd686: No this is the devils work capitalising on a man's weakness is wrong and makes me sick. Go to church
  11. @AdriannaNellis: He's the only person that has gotten on here. So far that did a video that I understood, and he itemized everything I like that very good, very great creator a lot of prosperity to your son
  12. @anastasiadr5583: As a wife at her 44 & with 6hrs of free time daily, I need to start asap. Thank you for your advices! One last question, i do not want to show my face and be known, therefore can I do it by myself or do i need a photgrapher? @OnlyBliss
  13. @heresmee9661: hard accent to follow
  14. @Value.K: It keeps rejecting my Identification
  15. @DeborahHorne-go6dy: What if you want to be anonymous what picture do you use?
  16. @TheMrshefner: Best video hands down I am clueless where to start but you helped tremendously and I subscribed
  17. @CerpinTaxt666: How come bro is tellin' all this as if its meant for girls? Aren't OF with dudes way more popular?
  18. @Multi-Christo: Pls how can I setup an only fans account someone please how me out
  19. @Ninanaplesxxx: I’m shadow banned on twitter, can you help me remove that
  20. @Ninanaplesxxx: Add meeeee @ninanaples ❤

- Mental health and resilience - the secrets of inner strength | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en We are living in an era of crises worldwide, around one billion people are suffering from stress-related illnesses and that number is rising. The key to resilience is staying healthy even when faced with life’s great burdens. What keeps people mentally healthy in spite of serious crises while others break down? Resilience is a natural phenomenon that enables people to continue developing after they experience a catastrophe or traumatic event. Leading researchers are trying to identify the secret to resilience. As resilience researchers, we aim to identify strategies that can help prevent people from developing mental illnesses. Can we learn to be resilient? It was as if part of me had been ripped out. It’s the greatest loss that a father can experience. Georg Ballmann’s son Luca was killed here on a January evening. Luca’s mother Helen called me on a Saturday morning just after seven. She just said one thing: “Luca is dead”. After a birthday party at a club, Luca and his friend Freddy, both 16, got into an argument with another group of teenagers. They tried to calm things down. But the situation escalated and ended with Freddy being pushed in front of an oncoming train. Luca was pulled along with him. It’s a tragedy that Georg Ballmann shares with Céline and Björn Wilke, Freddy’s parents. They all grieve for their two sons. In 2019, the police appeared at the Wilkes’ door early in the morning. They said we should sit down. It was the worst sentence of my life, really just that one sentence: Your son died last night. And you’re sitting there at the table, you don’t want to believe it, but you don’t say “this can’t be happening”. It’s as if the earth is opening up and sucking your whole soul away. That your whole world is collapsing. The day plays out like a bad movie and you don’t realize what’s happened. You call a few people and then you’re sitting at home. We were lucky that friends came to us very quickly and looked after us. I fully understand people who can’t cope. I felt that too: why do I get to live - but my son doesn’t? The two families have an endlessly long and painful road ahead. Stress and even crises are part of life. Nevertheless, many people stay mentally healthy. The question is how? The largest center for resilience research in Europe is in Mainz, Germany. Here, neuroscientist and brain researcher Professor Raffael Kalisch researches the mechanisms of mental resilience. What is mental health? My interest in this question comes from my very early days as a university student. A schoolmate and close friend of mine had a breakdown in the first year of his studies while I was having a wonderful time. To me it was all fascinating and great and new. And during that time, I watched my friend fall apart. And that made me ask myself: Why does it happen to some people and not to others? What are the risk factors for mental illness? The interesting thing is that it’s not just really big, extreme life events that can make people mentally ill. It’s not just a serious accident, an act of violence, or the death of a loved one, but also minor stresses that can affect people if they occur frequently and over an extended period of time. What do those with resilience do differently? To find out, Kalisch is conducting a long-term study of healthy people who find themselves in a particularly difficult phase of their lives. We take young people who are in this transitional phase from family and school to adult life, that are leaving a familiar environment. We see that in this phase of life, stress-related illnesses tend to emerge for the first time or, if they are pre-existing, become more severe. Every three months, the 200 participants in the study answer a questionnaire about their mental state. To what extent have you felt more calm or tense in the past two weeks? Sitting on a packed train on my way home from work was a bit stressful. But in the mornings, I would occasionally just make myself a cup of tea and relax for ten minutes and then I was able to settle down. Because we do this every three months, we get a very good picture of stress levels over a long period of time. So that we can see over that time how strongly they react psychologically to life’s challenges. Some are affected more, others affected less. And in the end, this gives us a picture of what mental resilience looks like when encountering stressors. At regular intervals, participants come to the institute for a thorough examination. Kalisch and his team use MRI machines to look for indications of how mental stress is processed in the brain. And they examine how stress affects the body. To do this, they take blood and hair samples. We can measure the concentration of the stress hormone cortisol from a hair sample. One centimeter of hair typically corresponds to one month of hair growth, so the analysis of one centimeter, or in this case three centimeters, tells us something about the activity of the stress hormone system over the previous three months. The results have been logged since the study began in 2016, so there is now a large database of information. Ultimately we want to understand what mechanisms people use to stay mentally healthy in the face of adversity. And once we know these mechanisms better, to utilise or strengthen them, especially in people who do not succeed in doing that. The study in Mainz is due to be finished soon. Kalisch has already identified certain resilience factors one of which is how positively or negatively the participants themselves assess their stress levels. There seems to be a connection to optimism and the fact that people believe they can somehow cope, that it will probably work out somehow. That seems to be connected to resilience, so someone who cultivates this kind of positive assessment style or develops it over time is less likely to be affected. So can we influence how resilient we are? Professor and Psychiatrist Marianne Müller is also conducting research at the resilience center in Mainz, investigating what makes some people particularly resilient. I think this is promising in terms of better understanding psychiatric illnesses. For many decades, we’ve had only moderate success in trying to understand how psychiatric illnesses, for example stress-related illnesses such as clinical depression, develop. While psychiatric research focuses primarily on the clinical picture, the science of resilience is more concerned with healthy people. Müller is first exploring the basics: What does resilient behavior even look like? With her colleague Ulrich Schmitz, she is investigating this in mice. Resilience can only be measured in the context of stress. That’s why they put small brown mice in the cage with a much larger and stronger white mouse. We take male mice, which, like all or almost all other male vertebrates, show territorial behavior. This means that if you place a test mouse with a larger mouse in its home cage, the larger mouse won’t accept it and will try to scare or drive it away. This leads to social stress. The brown mouse is removed in order to prevent it from becoming injured. The experiment is repeated for 10 days. They want to know: What is the long-term effect of this permanent stress on the behavior of the stressed mice? After a day’s break, they undertake a second experiment: The brown mice are again exposed to the white aggressor mouse. But this time the white mouse is in a cage. The researchers now observe the following: How do the previously stressed mice behave? Do they stay away fearfully? Are they brave enough to approach the white aggressor in the cage? We assumed that the mice were resilient if they always investigated the white mouse a lot, as if they had never experienced stress. However, we thought this might not be resilience at all, but rather the result of a less than optimal learning process over time that the test mouse has not learned, has not understood that this white mouse strain is potentially dangerous. If that were the case, this mouse could not be described as resilient. So is the intrepid mouse perhaps just too... dumb? The researchers investigate this question in a third experiment. Here, two large mice are placed behind bars in the cage: The aggressive white one and a brown one, with which the stressed little mouse has had no negative experiences so far. Our test mouse was allowed to freely explore the box, examine and visit the different social partners and interact with them. And we were able to show there are mice that are able to distinguish between the white mouse, which comes from the aggressor strain, and the brown mouse, which is neutral and with whom it has not had any negative experiences. Is resilient behavior about being able to distinguish between threat and safety? We currently see a resilient mouse as a mouse that examines the brown mouse in a completely normal and unimpressed manner, but keeps its distance from the white mouse because it has learned that the white mouse is a potential threat. We consider this a resilient behavioral phenotype. That means resilient behavior in mice doesn’t mean simply bravely confronting every impending danger but rather weighing up the situation and adapting behavior accordingly. This is directly transferable from mice to humans. There’s a lot of data showing that people who can distinguish between negative stimuli and neutral stimuli are better protected against stress and associated stress-related mental illness. In this respect, we are also quite confident that we can use this to derive further neurobiological findings. Moving on. Finding her way back to life Céline Wilke tries to do this every day after the death of her son Freddy. I said goodbye for the last time on Friday evening, when he told me cheerfully. “Mom, I’m off.” I told him to have fun. That was our farewell. I can still see him in that moment. He was in a good mood, looking forward to the evening with his friends. And in retrospect, I’m glad that the last time we saw each other was really a pleasant moment and that we said goodbye to each other nicely without knowing that we’d never see each other again. On the day of the funeral, the whole town mourned with the families. Luca and Freddy are buried together in the same grave. And then the whole congregation walked a good kilometer here from the church in a funeral procession. It was like being in a trance. And the burial itself, of course you noticed that there were a lot of people there, but it passes you by and somehow you don’t really have any clear memory of the moment. And the funeral, it felt like this whole heaviness, this coffin with both of them, I don’t know if heaviness is the right word - this burden, which is so heavy. Like I already described it, the earth opens up, that someone accepts the burden for me, that I could now pass it in to other hands. Maybe there is a bit of religion in me after all. The physical part will be buried for now, but the emotional part, it will take a very long time before this wound is no longer quite so open. Munich. Here, at the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry, neuroscientist Elisabeth Binder wants to find out: Why do some people remain mentally healthy despite severe stress, while others become ill under the same stress? One topic we researched was genetic predisposition. Could it be that certain people are genetically predisposed to react more or less to stress and are therefore more or less at risk of negative effects later on, such as depression or post-traumatic stress disorder? Elisabeth Binder wants to know: Could it be a gene variant that alters our perception of stress? To find out, she is tracking down the hormone cortisol, an important hormone for our metabolism and immune system that’s also released when we’re under stress. It’s regulated by something called the HPA Axis. When we experience stress, the brain is activated. This sets off a complex cascade of events. In the brain, stress signals are sent to the hypothalamus. This in turn releases hormones that make their way to the pituitary gland. The pituitary gland then releases its hormones to the adrenal cortex, which instructs our bodies to make extra cortisol to deal with the stress. Cortisol allows all the cells in our body to flood with additional energy to aid the fight or flight response. Cortisol is our main stress hormone and it travels to all organs in the body. It’s very important that we are well prepared for a stressful event. Cortisol binds to receptors in our cells and that’s a good thing Because the receptors then report back to the brain: “Thank you! We have enough cortisol bound here now.” The stress response is then switched off in the brain and we calm down again. At least when everything is functioning correctly. Many people are nervous at interviews, but normally, when the situation is over, our stress hormone levels should downregulate again. People with this particular genotype are not so good at this. So for them, the stress hormone stays higher for longer. The question Binder asks is: Why is that? Why are some people not as good at calming down than others? And this is where genetics come into play. One of the genes responsible for our stress regulation is the FKBP5 gene. It is activated during stress and ensures that an important enzyme is released. It has the same name as its corresponding gene - fkbp5 The problems start when too much of it is released Then the enzyme wedges its way between the stress receptor and the cortisol, and thus blocks the stress receptors’ message to the brain that there is enough cortisol. The brain is misinformed - it keeps firing and we can no longer calm down. We think that stress causes too much of this fkbp5 to be released and that people simply release too much of the stress hormone after even the slightest stress. And we know that too much of this stress hormone in the long term is bad for many processes including in the brain, which also increases the risk of psychiatric illnesses. The researchers have identified the FKBP5 gene as one of several important causes of our hormonal stress regulation. Variants in this gene could be partly responsible for why we react with more or less stress. The researchers are now looking for a way to block activity directly at the FKBP5 gene. And here at the institute, this has been investigated in mice that have been given this FKBP5 blocker whether they are more resilient to stress and are better able to cope with it to the extent that this can be measured in a mouse. The next step is to develop a drug specifically for people in whom this stress gene variant can be detected in the blood, and who therefore presumably have a higher risk of mental illness. The South of France. Psychiatrist and neurologist Boris Cyrulnik lives and works in Toulon. He’s considered a pioneer of resilience research. The traumatic experiences of his own childhood give him a personal perspective. I had a somewhat difficult childhood, which motivated me to go into research because I wanted to understand how we can find our way back into life after war, as I had lost almost my entire family in Auschwitz. As a four-year-old, Boris was left on his own, without a mother or father. Hidden by foster families, he was eventually arrested and narrowly escaped death. The officers said: he should be killed. So I knew they wanted to kill me and I was all alone. And I heard adults say: He has no family, he is lost to life. When I was a child, I thought: This can’t be true. I reject this curse! At the age of 11, Cyrulnik already knew that he wanted to become a psychiatrist. After the war, he studied medicine in Paris. The memory of his loving parents also helped him to forge his own path. I fought to study, even though everyone told me: Don’t bother studying, you won’t make it. Well, I made it. When the trained psychiatrist came across the term resilience for the first time, he found his life purpose. When I came across the word resilience, I said to myself, this is a word that needs to be developed scientifically, and we need to bring it into our culture to make people understand that if we abandon injured people, there will be no resilience. Due to his own painful experience, one focus of Cyrulnik’s research is child protection. He’s particularly interested in the interaction between mother and child. We started our research into early childhood in 1981 on the island Embiez, near Toulon, where we gathered a team of international researchers. The question was: What makes one child more resistant to crisis, while another is very vulnerable to it? He sees one of the reasons for this in the mothers of these children. If the mother is not doing well, her relationship with her child suffers This is a vicious circle that can begin during pregnancy. We have been able to scientifically demonstrate that when a pregnant woman is stressed the stress hormones enter the uterus and the baby swallows stress hormones such as cortisol, which are harmful to the baby’s brain This means that the baby is born with cognitive changes that are not caused by the mother, but by the mother’s unhappiness. The researchers identified a particularly sensitive phase in the final weeks of pregnancy and the first two years of a child’s life. New networks are constantly being formed in the brain during this time. If nobody does anything, it’s a neurological catastrophe. The brain atrophies. But we can intervene, we can intervene gently very early and easily. And the earlier we intervene, the easier it is to trigger the resilience process. But if the child is left very isolated for a long time, the resilience process will be difficult to initiate. Elisabeth Binder is also studying this particularly vulnerable phase of life at the Max Planck Institute in Munich. The biggest correlation is an almost 40-fold risk of having attempted suicide when someone experiences severe traumatic experiences as a child. Even during pregnancy, too much stress or trauma can lead the embryo’s natural barrier against the mother’s stress hormones to break. Why is chronic stress harmful to the brain? Because chronic stress leads to our neural circuits becoming weaker. Binder suspects the stress hormone cortisol causes this. But to prove it, she would have to be able to examine the brain of an embryo under stress. It’s difficult of course to get to the developing brain and to expose it to certain factors and investigate how it reacts. Because this obviously is not an option, the researchers are using a novel method to recreate a developing brain outside the womb. A brain-like cell structure is grown from stem cells. The researchers call this simulation a brain organoid. We can only properly model very early brain development. We can’t model all cell types in the brain and we can’t model how different brain areas talk to each other. So it’s a very simple and limited model, but it’s the first time we’ve been able to do this. How old are these organoids now? These ones are about 40 days old. 40 days old. So that means we could begin. Yes, this would be a good time to start. Once the simulated embryonic brain - the brain organoid has reached a certain stage of maturation, Binder and her team add synthetically produced cortisol. The effects of the hormone on the development of the brain cells are then investigated. And then we see that this stress hormone actually alters the development and, in particular, the gene expression of genes that have also been associated with the risk of psychiatric illnesses. There’s no doubt about it: Even in the womb, the mother’s stress influences how strongly genes manifest themselves in the child and can therefore have a lasting effect on their mental health. A finding that could have real life implications. It’s also important to screen for psychiatric symptoms during pregnancy. Some clinics already screen for depression and treat the mother in good time. There are now many studies experimenting with using therapy during pregnancy to possibly mitigate risk. Environmental influences therefore have a direct impact on our genes. Scientist and psychiatrist Katharina Domschke in Freiburg is investigating exactly what this looks like. We think that environmental influences can trigger illnesses. So now the question is, how does the environment affect our genes? Domschke is Head of Psychiatry at the University of Freiburg Medical Center. In her laboratory, she investigates epigenetic processes how and why changes occur in our genes. Let’s imagine we have a certain genetic predisposition and there is a particular adverse environmental event. But how does this environmental event cause our genes to express, or trigger, so to speak, and ultimately lead to illness. This is where epigenetics play a role. In order to understand this communication between environment and genes in more detail, Domschke and her team are looking at another stress gene the MAOA gene. It provides instructions to make an enzyme also called maoa. This enzyme migrates into our nerve cells and attaches itself to the synaptic clefts, the area between the nerve cells. This is where our happiness hormones - serotonin and norepinephrine are normally transported from cell membrane to cell membrane. However, if too much of the maoa enzyme attaches itself to the synaptic cleft, it turns out to be a real happiness eater: it simply degrades away the serotonin and norepinephrine. one of the main suspects in the development of mental illness is monoamine oxidase A, or MAO-A for short. This is because MAO-A breaks down norepinephrine and serotonin. But in some of us, this happiness-eating Maoa enzyme is more active than in others. Why is that Domschke takes blood samples to monitor the MAOA gene and see how much methylation has occured. Methylation is a chemical process where a methane derivative binds itself to specific sites on our DNA, deactivating them. This can be imagined as a kind of cap that sits on our genes, putting them to sleep. If the cap sits on the gene, it is considered methylated, and the gene is dormant, silencing its activity. If the cap is removed, however, it becomes active again. In the case of the MAOA gene, more happiness eaters are produced. The MAO-A enzyme is more active and breaks down more serotonin and norepinephrine. There’s less of those hormones available in the synaptic cleft between the nerve cells and it may be easier for depression and anxiety to develop. This means that we are in a state of risk. If these caps are on our stress genes, they protect us from producing too many happiness eaters. This can make us happier and more resilient. But that doesn’t always happen for everyone. What we saw was that negative life events were more likely to lead to the MAO-A being less methylated, i.e. having fewer caps on the gene, and possibly being at risk, while positive life events were more likely to be associated with increased methylation. So that means the caps were more likely to be on the MAO-A gene, possibly indicating resilience. Positive environmental influences and experiences can affect how our genes are expressed. Domschke’s next question is can this also be demonstrated in successful use of therapy? We’ve known for a long time that psychotherapy works. Psychotherapy is one of the most effective treatments anxiety disorders. What we don’t yet know is how it works in detail And based on our research findings, one possible mechanism could be working at the cell nucleus level Can we put these caps back on the stress genes with the help of psychotherapy? Domschke examines the blood of patients who are afraid of heights she climbs the tower of the Freiburg Cathedral with them every day for two weeks. The patients did what we call exposure exercises, where they exposed themselves to their fear of heights So they went up the tower, had to look down and after the therapy we took blood samples again. And what we saw was that in patients with a successful response to psychotherapy, MAOA methylation had returned to the level of the healthy control subjects. Domschke also obtained the same result in a study on psychotherapy. The number of test subjects is still too small to make a definitive statement, but the initial results are promising. So there are stress gene variants that we bring into the world with us, and yet we can have a major influence on our resilience if we manage to shape our environment consciously and well. At first, I was paralyzed, I couldn’t do anything. The will to keep going was gone, you’re no longer capable of anything. That was at the beginning. And then things got better. Music was like a prayer, a meditation, a connection that helped me tremendously. A lot of people might ask, where is God, but that didn’t happen to me. For me, music was my religion, and my family and my friends. That was what saved me during that time. Luca’s father, Georg Ballmann, often considers going to therapy. The fact that his son had to die, the senselessness of it, almost brings him to despair. When you think about the trivial reason that led to this terrible end, you just don’t understand It’s so meaningless. Georg Ballmann wants to do something about that meaninglessness. And that’s why we very quickly had the idea of setting up a foundation to turn this meaninglessness into something meaningful. Together with Freddy’s parents, Ballmann established the “faustlos” foundation, a program that starts in kindergarten to prevent violence as early as possible. It allows him to stay active, and keep the memory of his son alive. At the Mainz resilience center, psychologist Michèle Wessa focuses her research on very practical help for people in crisis situations. She says that resilient behavior can only develop very gradually. It doesn’t work to develop training courses that somehow make people more resilient and more efficient within an hour and a half or even a day, which is perhaps what some people would like to see. That won’t work and that’s not what we aim to do. For Wessa, resilience is regulated by the self. She tells us her favorite story to help explain what she means. The story of the elephant in chains by Jorge Bucay is about a very small elephant, a newborn, being chained to a small wooden peg in a circus. The baby elephant keeps trying to break free from the chain, but to no avail. But it eventually grew bigger and stronger, in fact, it could have broken free long ago. It lacks the belief that it can do it, and that alone causes it to stand still and not try to free itself. When we have the feeling that we can do nothing, that we are powerless and at the mercy of others, this is known in psychology as “learned helplessness”. Wessa examines this state in detail in various experiments. In the experiment, the test subjects are first given an unpleasant noise and at the same time a somewhat unpleasant stimulus on their skin. They are shown circles, triangles and squares, on which they have to press a different button. If the participants press the right button, they can stop the unpleasant noises. This applies to one group. In a second group, however, pressing the right button sometimes causes the noises to stop, but sometimes it doesn’t. What one group learns is, I press a correct button, so I have the situation under control, the stimulus is over. The other group learns that no matter what I do, chance determines what happens. If this happens several times in a row, it leads to an experience of helplessness there is nothing we can do. We might recognize this from our working life: I do a certain task and I always do it the same way. One day the boss is very happy, the next day he throws it back at me and says it’s terrible. In other words, I have the feeling that I have no control over it. And that’s a very important aspect of how stressed I actually feel. How does the experience of losing control affect future behavior? In a follow-up experiment, the two groups can only stop the unpleasant noise by finding the safe green squares on a field as quickly as possible. Do the two groups behave differently when searching for these squares? The result is that people who have already felt they were in control in the previous experiment find these safe green places much faster than the group that experienced a loss of control. This experience that I have never been able to do this before also leads to passivity and something like the story with the elephant: That I just give up, I submit to my fate. And so I move further and further into this cycle and passivity. According to Wessa, when we manage to free ourselves from this cycle, we can effect change in our lives. But what about the situations in life that we cannot change? I may not be able to change the actual situation that triggered the stress, but I can always change something about how I react to the stress. And I think it’s really important that I learn for myself that although I don’t always have control over the stressor, I do have some control over my reaction to it. Wessa puts her research findings into practice at a school in Bad Dürckheim, Germany She is conducting a WHO-sponsored resilience training program in a 7th grade class. Mental stress has increased significantly in recent years, particularly among children and young adults, largely due to the Covid pandemic. For me it’s important that we give them strategies at an early stage that they can use themselves to protect their mental health. She works with the students on how they can free themselves from a stressful spiral of negative thoughts and feelings. First, she asks the question: What happens when we are convinced that we will fail at something? Your thoughts influence your actions. If you think you can’t do it, then it may well be that you really can’t do it. So you would then say yes, I can’t do it anyway, so I won’t even try. If negative thoughts lead to bad results, shouldn’t the reverse also be possible? That’s precisely where we can do something for our health and resilience, namely by looking more closely at things that we have already achieved. We often pay much more attention to the things we haven’t achieved. And we remember things that went wrong. And we somehow forget even the little things that have gone well. She does a simple exercise for this by asking the students to remember what they did particularly well over the weekend even if it’s something small. It was my grandma’s birthday last weekend and I baked her a cake. I’m not actually that good at baking, but I managed to do it. She really liked it and that made me happy. Great, and it made your grandma happy too. I helped my dad tidy up my room on the weekend. I never do that! I always throw everything in drawers and that’s it. But this time I really did it with some structure and it was much, much better than just throwing everything in somewhere. Remembering the successes, trying not to judge experiences too negatively, staying active despite adversity - these are key factors for resilience. We’ve learned a lot. I understand the term now, and know more about the topic of resilience. We also learned how we feel and that we can influence what is happening inside of us: our fears and how we can fight against them. And yes, it was a great experience. We can equip ourselves mentally at an early age to cope better with crises later on, which we will all experience in one form or another. But to what extent does being resilient also mean social pressure to self-optimize to be ready to perform at all times? Resilience simply means finding ways to deal with stress. And that doesn’t mean that you should try to cope with as much stress as possible, but that you should perhaps recognize for yourself: Well, if I have ten appointments a day, that’s too much. I’d rather try to have fewer appointments, or I will plan time to relax to compensate. And that increases overall resilience to be able to cope better with the various factors in life. In Toulon, resilience researcher Boris Cyrulnik also sees government and society as having a duty to create an environment that enables us to remain mentally healthy. Resilience is genetic, biological, emotional and political. Because it’s politicians who are going to make the decisions to keep pregnant women safe, to create jobs in early childhood care. These are all political decisions. In 2019, the French government launched a nationwide program based on Cyrulnik’s work. I’m very happy to welcome you here and to launch this mission for children’s first thousand days. And I’d like to thank Boris Cyrulnik, since this work is based on his reflections. The first 1000 days is the name of the government program. Under the leadership of Cyrulnik, projects are financed nationwide in maternity wards and kindergartens to better protect children and soon-to-be parents. At the Nymphenburg Palace in Munich, the Ballmann and Wilke families are awarded the Bavarian Innovation Prize for Volunteering their “faustlos” foundation it’s a great honor. And they can fund new projects with the 10,000 euros prize money. Working for the foundation means a lot to Céline Wilke. It’s my way of dealing with the days when I’m not feeling great, when my husband isn’t feeling great. That we have something to work on. Their lives can never go back to how they were. The scars will remain forever. But the families carry on as best they can. A loss like that puts a lot into perspective. I don’t think you get upset about the small things so quickly anymore. You enjoy the moment more because you know how quickly moments can change, how situations can change. You move through life with much more awareness. Resilience is not a state of being, but rather a continuous process. Our psyche is a complex mix of environmental influences, genes and our own ability to act. Resilience is not about happiness it’s about living with all of life’s gray areas, surviving crises without losing your mental health. To have a realistic understanding. Everyone told me it’s not even worth trying. I tried anyway, but that doesn’t mean everything went like I wanted. Like everyone else, my resilience is never perfect, never 100%. I managed to achieve a lot in spite of everything, but I haven’t solved everything, and I think that can be said of you, of me, of everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealTraumaHealing [1 likes]: Water! Food! Care! Love! You mean can we learn to be non-human?

Where is it?
  2. @imagine-sg6kr: .
  3. @donnakeith502: My best testimony is I'm still alive because of Jesus Christ alone. Not me at all
  4. @EvaRiley-bo8en: Prayer is the key to successful happy life
  5. @cartphilvalencia9459: God bless you
  6. @SteadySignalNow: ❤️👍👍
  7. @ayat_dnya21: ❤❤❤
  8. @TopazStones: 🎉❤ ........  🎉❤,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  9. @Sarcasmka14: My Coping Mechanism: /Happiness 
1.Excercise (1 hours)
2.Sleep (8-10 hours)
3.Helthy Food 
4.Work(5-6 Hours)
  10. @martinvaneck-ss1mn: I am super positive and simply see the best in any situation. I also do everything my way. Question everything. Have run 50 ultra marathons and over 70 marathons. Easily handle stress and have an incredible immune system. Not sick in over 30 years. Mentally very strong. I am 75 and very healthy.
  11. @nmfeb3110: Ein herzliches Dankeschön an die DW für diese beeindruckende Dokumentation sowie an alle Teilnehmenden. Mein besonderer Respekt gilt den Familien Ballmann und Wilke für ihren Mut und ihre bewegenden Erfahrungsberichte 🙏
  12. @Laid-backBurmeseGuy: Why do I have to  see those tragedies in detail, in the first place? No offense but it's exhausting. We've experienced already enough of those.
  13. @i.3840: 37:39😭😭😭 can you help me i am dying day by day.alone😭😭😭
  14. @melaniexoxo: Don’t baby yourself. You’ll regret it. Take good care of your body eat nutritious foods and exercise but always push yourself
  15. @MayumiLeahMillanes: Ich mag euch gerne aber wie ihr eure Druck/Macht ausübt Gegenüber eure Mitarbeiter sind wirklich Schade
  16. @SayCheese-je3lq: When you are down there is nothing nicer than see people stronger than you are, people thriving when you are burning... Look at them you are not like them. Awesome....
  17. @user-iq9ue7abc7v: I'm here in 2026. thanks for your channel from S.K
  18. @jlzivi5277: I think this is it for me. Honestly, im done.
  19. @bonnemama2026: Thank my mom for giving me a stable childhood.
  20. @TheodoreTaylor-h2g: You just turned a difficult topic into something exciting!

- Bhopal: Continuing legacy of a disaster | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Almost 40 years ago, this factory in Bhopal in India had a leak that released tons of poisonous gas. Those who fell never got up and everyone was just asking for one thing. God give us death or Allah give us death. The results led to a supply of toxic water which is still affecting locals. It isn't bitter, it tastes weird. These are chemicals that stay in the environment for hundreds of years and they cause extensive damage to lungs, kidney, brain, cancers, birth defects. This incident continues to have a disastrous impact and has been linked to the deaths of thousands of Indian residents over the years. The Bopal gas leak of 1984 is considered one of the world's worst industrial disasters. It's even harmed babies developing in the womb. [Music] Siddesh Paul Kandir is 22 years old. His mother Mita Pulkandoir is feeding him chapati and mashed veggies for lunch. Siddhes was born with cerebral pulsy. He is unable to walk, sit or eat without assistance. It's difficult for his mother to provide him with the care he needs because she has her own health issues. I have to clean him. His diapers need changing. He needs bathing. And then I have to feed him. He cannot do anything with his own hands. Whatever has to be done, I have to do it to get him ready, lift him on his wheelchair, everything. Mita is almost 50 and has many medical ailments including epilepsy. much. She lives with her mother Sura Lakar who at 70 years of age is the main caregiver for both Mita and her grandson Siddhard. Mita started having seizures after the gas leak. Siddh was born two decades later with major health complications. Like thousands of other victims, his story is a continuation of the tragic legacy of this disaster. During the gas leak, it felt like our eyes were burning and we could not speak. It hurt badly. It felt like somebody poured chilies in our eyes and as if somebody choked our throats. Sura's family were all affected by the aftermath of the gas leak. The catastrophe turned her world upside down. After Siddhes was born with neurological conditions, his father abandoned him and Sura became their primary caregiver. Before the gas leak, we were a healthy family. We had no medical problems. We didn't need any medication, although we did all have some issues with our eyes. Our eldest daughter had issues with her vision, so she needed glasses. Our youngest daughter developed really severe health issues after the leak. We all got sick and it has not improved since then. We are always sick with something. In 1984, 40 tons of deadly methile isocinate known as mic gas leaked from the pesticide plant in Bhopal. 3,000 people had died within the first few hours. Official numbers estimate around 15,000 victims, but activists say it is nearly four times that number. The catastrophe led to significant changes in India. And for the first time, the focus shifted to protect people and the environment from industrial accidents. As a response to the tragedy, the government introduced new laws such as the Environment Protection Act. But the company responsible, Union Carbide, never faced justice. Though charged with culpable homicide, its chief executive refused to face trial in India. However, the company did agree to a $470 million payout in 1989. Methile isocyinate is known to damage human DNA by interacting with proteins. In 1985, the National Institute for Research in Environmental Health and the Indian Council for Medical Research conducted research, finding that 9% of the 1,048 babies born to mothers exposed to the toxic gas were born with congenital disorders, compared to 1.3% of the 1,247 babies born to unexposed mothers. This data shows a strong correlation between the gas leak and birth defects, but it was never released to the public. Activists question the motivations for keeping this data secret, alleging collusion between the government and union carbide along with its current owner, Dao Chemical. One of the victims, Rashida B, is helping children born to exposed parents. Her center, Chingari, provides them with free health care and rehabilitation programs. She says the effects of the gas leak was also a disaster for environmental justice. 340 tons of waste is in a room. But underneath that, the soil is filled with 1.1 million tons of waste and it continues to poison the surroundings. The government isn't talking about the cleanup, only about the waste. and give us in 2009 two Indian government institutes conducted a study determining the factory site still contains about 1 million tons of contaminated soil, 1 tons of mercury spillage and nearly 150 tons of hazardous waste buried underground. There is also 330 metric tons of toxic waste in the factory itself. Today the factory is deserted but goats are still grazing the grounds and people still trespass in what should be a containment zone. The area around the factory is densely populated and many reports state that the groundwater has become extremely toxic. Professor Induati Nambi of India's Department of Civil Engineering, IIT Madras, was appointed by India Supreme Court to examine water contamination in the area. In 2018, she tested 20 samples taken from around the factory premises. We did find chlorinated compounds at significantly high concentrations in these water. So, which were connected to the chemicals which were used in the Union Carbide Plant. And it is well-known fact that these organic chemicals can stay around for decades after the spill occurs. In accordance with several court orders and findings from various scientific studies, the government is mandated to provide safe drinking water to 42 different areas in Bhopal. This is an increase from the 14 areas that it was responsible for just 15 years ago, which indicates the wide spread of contamination. Latvi, another gas leak survivor, still depends on tube wells. It is not bitter but it tastes strange. The chemical is still in the ground so I can taste it. Union carbide is there and we are here. It's not far at all. According to scientists like Induati Nambi the contaminant plume may have reached other areas and she says that a more comprehensive assessment is needed and typically chlorinated compounds are uh supposed to be toxic. The more the number of chlorine atoms, the more is the toxicity. Some of them have been reported to be carcinogenic, neurological effects, uh reproductive effects. No, the they have known to cause all those effects. Rashna Dhingra also believes that Union Carbide is the culprit for this catastrophe. Now the company is owned by Dao Chemical, the second largest chemical manufacturer in the world. Rashna is a social activist who has dedicated her life to fighting for justice for the environment, survivors of the Bopal gas leak and future generations. She believes the disaster is one of the biggest corporate massacres of all time. Because it is how badly Union Carbide followed the waste management practices, they basically dug up uh 20 unlined pits within the factory where they used to routinely dump. And from 1977 to 1984, they dug up three solar evaporation ponds where they dumped thousands of uh tons of toxic waste and their affluence in there. That lining that they put in in there breached in 82. Carbide knew about this but never told the local people. Never even told the pollution control board. Even though Dao Chemical settled a US lawsuit and paid damages, it has refused to clean up the site of the Bhopal league. nor has it provided safe drinking water to the affected residents. Several plans to clean up the site have been proposed, but nothing has happened. The German Agency for International Corporation, GISZ, proposed airlifting the waste to Germany for incineration, but was forced to withdraw the offer after internal protests arose. Has the industry learned anything from this tragic loss of life and the horrendous aftermath that followed? We're meeting with Goautam Kotari who is the head of the largest association of industries in Pithampur in central India to find out. Kotari says that many small and mediumscale companies ignore safety regulations dumping waste directly in pits. The problem the cost of disposal is really creating a massive problem. It's very difficult. Another problem is that the waste that is just being dumped in the closed units in Madia Pradesh. Nobody is taking care of the waste in those units. Taking care of those closed unit. So this is hazardous waste. That is that is yes that's the problem. It pollutes the groundwater mean polluting the groundwater. Industrial chemical spills and gas leak are still common across India. Our pollution agencies, pollution control boards are not doing their jobs. our factory inspectors. We do not have enough to in inspect inspect the uh factories and there is a simple hazard happening all around us unchecked and unmattered and it continues because it is all considered business as usual. The gas leak has become a major milestone since India gained independence. But the silence around the event has become deafening. I tried to approach the minister responsible to create plans for a cleanup but he declined to appear on camera saying he's not allowed to speak with foreign press. Back at her home, Surka is concerned about what will happen to her family after she's gone. There is no one else here. What if I get sick? My daughter cannot do anything. What will happen to them when I go? I can't stop thinking about that these days. The Bopal gas disaster happened almost 40 years ago. Many people may have forgotten about it, but thousands of families in India are still affected.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandymeyer8536 [2 likes]: And even now on this days the remaining factory still here and  no one on the national or international goverments do anything , what a shame,  i read a book that calls " Media noche en Bopal" that shows very well what happen there if You speak Spanish, i just hope that kharma exist for the evil people that allow this disaster 😢
  2. @donttalktomebye [2 likes]: I just learned about this the other day. I am so angry at the corporations, largely western ones, ones from my country, who do this to fellow humans in other countries.c
  3. @jillb2161 [2 likes]: I remember this terrible tragedy . And I live in Australia and the news travelled around the world .
 A shocking thing to happen in the middle of a sprawling city of mainly poor people . Just Aweful . Those poor loves 😞🐦
  4. @drahunter213 [1 likes]: Saw and learned about this on seconds from disaster…it was insane how it all happened and the lives lost…sad my condolences to the families lost that night
  5. @priyanka1902 [1 likes]: What an excellent report
  6. @azamshahdakal1451: chemical leak accident ❌ethnic cleansing from the india kafir leader✅ 😅😅
  7. @Le_Curé1998: Union Carbide - which continues to insist that this disaster was a result of sabotage and not cost-cutting measures which compromised safety - paid a total compensation of $470 million, or $600 per victim, in exchange for immunity from all future lawsuits. Now we know what value UC places on human life; $600.
  8. @AHMADIMRANZAHORIN-i7z: Gas leak that effects almost 15,000k ppl. people that exposed dies and severely injured. The parent birth out child with congenital disease (or disorder/anomaly) is a health condition present at or before birth, often referred to as a birth defect. No official justice as of now!.
  9. @andyc27: Carl bhagnal is leon bhopal spoons
  10. @vteck9: built by indians, run by indians, supervised by indians, and maintained (or not) by indians... lets blame the west lol
  11. @mathsguruji3972: No one guilty😶😶
  12. @maintenancemen203: Union carbide..they gave the victims 100$ and the goverment kept the rest
  13. @Muhammet4string: Therefore never buy product of Dow dupont
  14. @PNARHAM-x3j: My mom escape this
  15. @sharadjain2463: Rajiv Gandhi bikau pradhanmantri tha isliye anderson ko bhagwa diya.
  16. @ethanhek4903: U  don’t let us respond to this 😢😭 but !!!!!! We  re cognise   This    And    This   Aint   Something   Simple 🫶
  17. @mouseandryforever6848: Where is THE UN?
  18. @atrimoden: Lots of Sikh people in India up to this day

Sorry in advance
  19. @gamerking2840: 1:40 brought tears to my eyes, while i am Pakistani and muslim, the boy suffering is Indian and hindu
  20. @Goodiesfanful: 2024 is the 40th anniversary of the disaster. What will be done to remember it?

- Innovative Loss Prevention Tactics: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm Brian club I'm the corporate loss prevention manager for bucke Enterprises uh the thing that we concentrate on the most is you know preventing any kind of loss for the company uh we do that through very you know are many different tactics that we use to prevent theft and uh internal and external a lot of our outdoor power is uh a big uh problem for us chain saws and things like that uh Tools DeWalt tools in Milwaukee the combo packs are large then we get down to the smaller more common uh things that are stolen uh knives uh out of our Sporting Good is a huge item okay here's one of the uh uh tactics that we use we use these red uh hooks that the peg hooks that come from morill and uh it doesn't prevent the item from being stolen but what it does is they'll have to either work with this manipulate it to get it off and or cut the uh packaging and that way uh even though it doesn't prevent it it makes great video for the police because it definitely shows intent that they are you know going uh above and beyond and then of course clothing um that uh we have a large shrink in with these uh these are the old uh paddle sensors that we used to use uh we find in the technology on the sensors or on the pedestals are changing uh these are becoming less effective and plus they're bigger and they're not very uh attractive to the customer we've switched to these uh tags they're the magnetic release tags and um it has been a lot better it's better for display also it is very uh or very much faster going through the uh uh checkouts you know that uh it's increased the speed of the checkout because this is just deactivated and comes uh apart compared to these that you know you have to use the old gun and pull out we've done a lot through EAS uh with the tagging of uh our products and merchandise and you know making sure the pedestals are working properly we've Advanced our technology with that uh one of our biggest uh things that we do is video uh we have video throughout the store if you're store you're on a camera and uh with that uh we've been very successful in making criminal cases uh to reduce our theft with the video evidence and then within uh testimony and statements of our employees or the loss prevention staff uh we we actually allow them for most times to exit the store and to go ahead and leave and then we put a video case together and we do our own investigation and have it complete for law enforcement so uh when when we present them a case for proc prosecution it is complete they can just take that information and forward it to the prosecutor we had a big case and that's one I was telling you about that uh uh they came in and it was an organized retail crime uh theft ring and they were actually taking orders out in bars where contractors uh go and they came in here and that's the one that got us for about $2,500 that case that we that we worked uh together with law enforcement we were able to uh apprehend those uh people up in uh South St Louis County and uh they had warrants and Active cases all throughout Missouri and Illinois so it was a very good case to to catch some people and to uh I get them behind bars before they continued with our background all of the loss prevention personnel with Buckeyes is prior to law enforcement so with working the cases uh we had one good one in perville that we had uh two young ladies come in and steal two rare uh bunnies from us that hadn't even been weaned off their mother yet they put them in their coats and sneak out store with them well we through video developed a good criminal case with them uh we contact them and uh tell them we want we want our bunnies back because we were scared they were going to die if we didn't get them back it actually became pretty priority case for us and um one of the investigators Nick Todd he was able to uh to work the case identify the suspects we uh he made contact with them to get the bunnies back which uh ended up being more like a a drug deal cuz they set up a meeting with us uh on a side street in Perryville uh we had to go there alone we were wired when we went in you know to them and they gave us the bunny back uh we went ahead and turned it over to law enforcement as we told the suspects we were going to uh with the promise that we would tell them that they did return the bunnies and they did the right thing well both of the young ladies happened to be on parole just recently released from PR federal prison um which resulted in them being prosecuted for the bunny theft and a return to federal prison for both of them well I tell what the best uh step that any retailer can take is awareness um and then you couple that with customer service because the customer experience of and their shopping experience in your store supersedes anything um so having your employees aware of what's going on and how to handle situations is the best uh even with the advanced steps that we've taken it does not replace customer service uh you do not want people to have a bad experience uh coming into your store and to be honest um you see somebody running out of a store and two guys running out of the parking lot and tackling them and you're walking in with your children that's a bad experience and they're not even you know involved in it so limiting that with smart employees that handle uh loss prevention is the best way you know to be aware identify and then be able to uh communicate what happen to the police is the best thing right there your floor Personnel or your loss prevention

- Supplements and Safety (full documentary) | Hidden Dangers of Vitamins & Supplements | FRONTLINE: Kind: captions Language: en-US >> Tonight on Frontline... >> A multi-billion >> ...the debate over supplements. >> How could it be that yo without any evidence that it's >> They say their products will make you healthier. >> Consumers derive a benefit. Over half the country every day takes a supplement s >> But critics say that many have fra could be dangerous, and should be regulated. >> It almost takes a sacrificial lamb to die before the Food and Drug Administration can take any action. >> Correspondent Gil >> Oh, that doesn't smell good. >> Very strong, fishy smell. >> "Supplements and Safety," a Frontline/New York Times special report. >> This is a product that was formulated for people who are under severe stress. >> So this is an herb that would be great f that are concerned about their memory.. >> FINDLAY: It's estimated that half of a take a health supplement every day. >> That one is going to be amazing for supporting the... >> Encapsulates the nutrients in a non-GMO... >> This is a very potent antioxidant. >> FINDLAY: It's a $30-plus-billi >> I will guarantee you that this will change your reality within three to five days. >> FINDLAY: Companies range from big pharma to mom and pop. >> I started in my kitchen making them by hand back in the '80s. I would order the ingredients, I would order the capsules. And with a plate of 100 capsules, I would weigh it out and fill them up, and you have a bottle of 100 capsules of any particular vitamin you wanted. >> FINDLAY: Do you have a background in pharmacology, or medicine, or any expertise in this area? >> I did some college, but most of my time was spent in the medical libraries at Stonybrook. >> FINDLAY: So you sort of were self-taught, then, were you? >> Self-taught, correct, yes. >> FINDLAY: Candice Tripp called her company Purity First. She says she was helped by her then husband Terence Dulin, a chiropractor. And what was his academic background or expertise >> He was a chemis He was a chemist in co and then he went on >> FINDLAY: From modest beginnings, she said she grew th into a half-a-million- selling on the Web, in stores, and through local alternative healthcare providers. >> Purity First is a great name, and I said, "Gee, how ca "It's what you would ima in every single vitamin, that it's abso >> FINDLAY: Vinnie Grosso was an early Purity First customer. The vitamins became part of his daily quest for better health. >> I felt fine, and of course, you know, I'm running every day, I'm feeling great, up until the October, November, D time frame of 2012 where I had some very unusual symptoms. >> FINDLAY: It started with unexplained back pain that soon became debilitating. He then started hearing from other Purity First customers with troubling symptoms of their own. >> I'm hearing stories, "My daughter is an honor student "and she's on the swim team, but she's been thrown out of school for being overly aggressive." I'm talking to a woman who had lost her because her voice had changed. I'm talking to another woman who said, "I've got "these incredible bleeding scales on my head, and I can't go to work." >> FINDLAY: They were all taking the same vitamins- recommended, they say by Terence Dulin, the chiropractor, now a naturopath. Dulin declined to be interviewed and denies any responsibility. >> Terry had come to me in January and asked me if I thought anything was wrong. Because he said there was some blood tests coming back that were funky. At that point we had just had Hurr and a lot of people were getting sick after they were in their basements cleaning up water. And that's why he had recommended pe this other doctor. And they started going to see Dr. Spaeth. >> We had an examination, and he said to me, "What is this, "that all of you who have come to me "in the past month and a half have one commonality? You've all taken Purity First B-50 Vitamins." there are 85,000 dietary in the United States today. >> Right here I have our >> So this is our bacopa. This is an herb that would be grea about their memory. >> Retains the essential nutrients like chromium. >> FINDLAY: With so many pitches you might assume some gove has approved them before >> The FDA does not do any review of dietary supplements before they come onto the market, and I think that all consumers need to understand this. >> FINDLAY: No testing, no obligation to provide any evidence a product is effective or even safe The one thing manufacturers do have to show is that they follow good manufacturing practices. The FDA conducts inspections for that, but it's limited by resources and by information. >> We actually don't know the total number of manufa that we need to be able to inspect, because there is no formal registration system that is required of manufacturers that make dietary supplements, and so we do inspections of the ones we know abou >> FINDLAY: The FDA did know about a supplement manufacturer that used to operate here. In 2012, and again in the spring of 2013, Mira He was cited by FDA inspectors for violating manufacturing codes. Among the products Mira produced: Candice Tripp's Purity First vitamins. >> I had a lot of faith in Mira because he was more of a smaller scale manufacturer. He wasn't one of these big pharmaceutical companies that just didn't really make you warm and fuzzy. >> FINDLAY: What did you do to try to verify that this was a reputable company that would make the product ]that you wanted? >> They're supposed at the end that what is in the capsule is what they've tested, and the certificate is supposed to be certified, and this is what your product is. >> FINDLAY: And did they give you those certificates >> I believe yes, they did, they gave us seem to be a problem. >> FINDLAY: But by 2013, there was Dr. Kenneth Spaeth, who specializes in environmental health, is the man those Purity to investigate their symptoms. He arranged for the B-50 vitamins to be tested. And the results were a shock: the capsules were laced with two Joe Kueler, Candice Tripp's current husband, took it up with Mira's owner. >> I called Mike and said pret what could have happened? And you know, he was making the ma and he said, "Joe," he said, "if they found "any type of steroids in there, the only thing I could possibly think is maybe the mixer was not cleaned enough." >> FINDLAY: By now Purity First customers had started hiring lawyers and sharing their stories. >> Change in the voice, change in the sexual organs, hair growth on a young lady who was one of our clients, basically developing mustache, beard. The female sexual organs taking on a male configuration. For the men who ingested these things, they developed what's called gynecomastia. You end up with male breasts. >> FINDLAY: It would take the FDA nearly six months to get the Purity First vitamins off the market, a response Dr. Spaeth calls "glacial." He declined to be interviewed on camera, but he shared email exchanges with us, detailing his efforts to get the FDA to act. Spaeth says he suspected contamination, but his first inquiry went unanswered. When he emailed again asking if the lack of response was a lack of interest, he was referred to the FDA's hotline for adverse reactions called Spaeth had tried the line, been transferred and put on hold before being disconnected, twice. Five weeks later he was still frustrated. "Will you tell me what your plans are?"### he wrote. "I have 20 very worried patients and little to offer them." Among the officials Spaeth was writing to was Daniel Fabricant, then head of the FDA's division of dietary supplements. >> We took that information. While it was helpful, We had to make the case at FDA and we did, and remo the product successfully. >> FINDLAY: One of his bigge it took just to get somebody to call him back He says one of the operators, "she acted as if I was telli in my Cheerios." Now, that doesn't suggest that system in place to allow people to report problems when they happen, right? >> Well, I can assure yo The agency is acting to remove the product, across the bo across the country. So it's a bit more of a a doctor having an intuition or a feeling about something. We had to build evidence, court- ready evidence, to take away somebody's product, somebody's manufacturing operation. And that's exactly what we did and doing that in six months, the team at the FDA worked diligently and worked quickly to do that, which was quite a successful a >> Two women from the FDA came in and they were speaking with us about how there seems to be a problem with one of our products. When we asked which product, they said, "Oh, Okay. Do you want us t "No, you don't have to stop selling the product. Nobody died," they said. >> FINDLAY: "Nobody died." Those were their >> Their words were, the product." >> FINDLAY: If there w just pull it from the market? I mean, why did you not do it >> Great question. Their response to "People call the FDA all the time to report minor things. So don't worry about it." >> FINDLAY: The FDA "strongly >>Some vitamins manufactured here on Long Island are triggering some health concerns. >>The FDA recently issued a recall... >> FINDLAY: In the end, Purity Fi under pressure. >> We're in Farmingdale in front of Mira He >> FINDLAY: Mira was forced out of business Nobody from the company would speak to us. 36 people are now suing the companies, and how many people in total may have been harmed. >> Spaeth had brought up that he was looking for... >> FINDLAY: For Vinnie Grosso and his lawyer, it was a sobering look into a troubled wo >> I was very concerned and then I realized that this whole industry needs change. And how much danger we're all in. Not just from Purity First, likely, but from others that can put anything into t and put a seal and a label on it. >> FINDLAY: In 2013, the Children's Hos Worried about the number and quality of the supplements their patients were arriving with, hospital pharmacists decided to c >> Families are showing up literally with shopping bags full of dietary supplements. The regulatory issues in the Unite that you have to, if a patient brings a m into a hospital, we have to as pharmacists that this is a quality product, it is what it says it is, it's labeled appropriately, it's being dosed appropri and so on. >> We got fed up. We took a step back and we said, these companies to at least meet a labeling standard." They have to send us something called a certificate of analysis, whi had their product analyzed by what's on the label is what's in the bottle. 90% of the companies never respon And of the 10% that responded, of that 10%, often, th where what was on the label wasn't even close to what was in the bottle. And these were the ones who fearful of an industry that we couldn't tru >> For example, this is an aqueous vitamin D drop. So we use vitamin D in premature infants. It says it should have 400 international units per one ML of solution. However, it tells us that the of the labeled value. So it's more than double what So if we're dosing premature infants who need very tiny doses of this drug, we're now potentially giving them double what they should get, and could really put them at risk for toxicity. >> FINDLAY: In the end, only 35 supplements met the hospital's standards. >> I come away very worried and Worried mostly about what the American public is being exposed to. Because it's essentially a complete u buying a dietary supplement, unless you have some proof of what is in that product. It could be >> FINDLAY: At the New York Botanical Gardens, you can find many of the herbs we buy in bottles in their natural This is black cohosh, commonly recommended to women to treat symptoms of menopause. In 2010, gynecologist David Baker decided to check out what so many of his patients were taking. He bought dozens of brands of black cohosh supple and started testing the DNA. >> 30% had no black cohosh, and the samples that we found, we could identify the other plants as well, and they were from ornamental plants from China. >> FINDLAY: Baker and his colleagues published the results in an academic journal, but they didn't get much attent so they kept on testing. Other supplements produced results that were no less disturbing. >> Upwards of 15% of supplements like saw palmetto were not saw palmetto. Supplements like devil's claw 100% are not devil or contaminated with some other problem. What I see in this is that there are those who take the easy way out, a fraudulent way, and want to put something in the bottle that's cheap and readily available, and buyer beware. >> FINDLAY: With billions of dollars at stake, it's no surprise that the supplement is a powerful force in Washington. There are four separate lobby groups-- the largest, the Natural Pr headed by Daniel Fabricant. >> A lot of products now, you'll see "private label. A lot of the contract manufacturers that make the private label are members as wel >> FINDLAY: It's the same Daniel Fabricant who until 201 was in charge of regulating dietary supplements at the FDA. He defends what critics have called a disturbing revolving door. >> Folks who understand an for very effective regulators. I think it certainly works to the consu which at the end of the day, I think FDA, the indus are in the same business-- to make sure consumers have access to safe, healthy products. >> FINDLAY: Do you accept that there is a problem with adulteration, though, in the natural health food >> There may be some supply to be mindful of, but again, I think there are federal authorities that cov that products are made to certain quality parameters as defined by law. And if firms don't, So I think that's the important thing, and Americans h a high degree of confidence in the products because o >> FINDLAY: But just months after leaving the FDA, Fabricant didn't sound so confident himself. In a presentation to a trade association conference, he shared some of the results of FDA inspections. >> FINDLAY: You talked about some of the findings. The companies that were doing no testing, have no idea of what they're buying or selling, companies that have no standards, inadequate records being ke no specifications set. And this is a quotation: "The extreme of this observation is more common than expected," which I read to be, "This is >> Those are the companies we took action against, those are the companies we drove out of busine I'm speaking from my experience wh When we saw those problems, and they were we threw the book at people. And so I think that' >> FINDLAY: How many companies did you throw out of business? >> Quite a number. I think we processed over at the agency, so... >> In an industry that has 4,000 or more manufacturers, is that significant? >> I got my 25, you get >> FINDLAY: I'm not a regulator. I don't think >> It is significant. It's very signific >> FINDLAY: The FDA division in charge of the supplement indust just 25 employees. They target companies they co but agree the problem remains much bigger than that. >> Because of the targeting and because of traditionally the way this has developed over time, we do see a higher proportion of inspections that we do with dietary supplements, a higher proportion of them that have substantial problems than in other categories that we regulate. >> FINDLAY: How much does that worry you? >> Of course it's a concern, about us and it isn't about the companies. It's about the consumers. >> FINDLAY: To many, supplements may lo like prescription drugs, but there's a big difference. Drug makers have to prove their products are safe and effective before putting them on the market. >> Those who make supplements don't, not unless they'r introducing a new ingredient that's never been marketed before. >> It's an absurd system. In the future, many years, we'll look back and we'll say, "How could we have possibly done this?" It took a hundred years of thoughtful regulator to ensure that drugs-- now we're talking about prescription are both safe and effective. How could it be that the clock turned back to the world of 1920s, 1930s, when you can sell something without any evidence that it's safe or effective? >> We are back at the turn of the century, when snake oil salesmen could hawk their potions with pr that couldn't be kept. >> FINDLAY: In the early 1990s, the head of the FDA was He'd arrived in office promising tougher regulations for supplements, in particular demanding health claims be backed by scientific evidence. >> The industry went bonkers. Everything exploded. I've taken on some of the ha I did tobacco. Tobacco looked easy compared to dietary supplements. What happened was the dietary supplement industry recognized that the standard that we set-- significant scientific agreement-- would require it, before it could make a claim, to have a scientific b They just couldn't make any claim. And they saw, literally, billions of dollars at stake. And they unleashed a lobbying campaign that was second to none. >> FINDLAY: The campaign was as dramati >> Freeze! >> Whoa, hey Guys, it's only vi >> FINDLAY: Complete wit >> Vitamin C. You know, like in or >> Congress received more letters regarding this than they ever received regarding the Vietnam War. >> FINDLAY: Dan Hurley has written what many consider the definitive account of the industry's battle with the regulator. >> We hear p >> FINDLAY: While David Kessler was trying to convince Congress, behind the scenes, another Kessler >> Jerry Kessler ran a large dietary supplement company, was a very strong-willed character. >> The FDA is going to limit potencies of vitamins, which is what they've said. The FDA is going >> And he called together every leading manufacturer to come out to his ranch in California, which used to belong to Ray Kroc of McDonald's, okay? So, Jerry basically stands up before the group and says, "This is either the end of our industry or a new beginning, and we have to defend our interests." >> FINDLAY: Jerry Kessler would turn out to be a very effective lobbyist, joining forces with powerful political friends. >> Today, we honor the wishes of 100 million people: consumers of dietary supplements. >> FINDLAY: Friends like Senator Orrin Hatch of Uta The senator declined to be interviewed. His state is seen as the global center for dietary supplement manufacturing. His son has lobbied for the industry, and has owned shares in at least one supplement company. He's never hidden the fact he's a believer. >> We know that the American people are not a bunch of kooks or a bunch of dummies, and what the people want is the right to use products which have helped them for centuries. worked. >> Jerry Kessler said, "Forget this law that's going "to actually regulate. We need a law that says you And he named it the Dietary Supplement, Health, and Education Act. He came up w Jerry Kessler did, a manufacturer. >> FINDLAY: The one concession the FDA did get was an agreement that manufacturers would not make unproven health claims. And so, for example, they can't say their p cure arthritis or prevent heart disease, but they can say they support things like bone density, promote cardiovascular health. >> What Congress did is basicall you go make the claims, and if FDA has a problem with it, FDA has to prove it's false or misleading." So the horse is out of the barn. FDA then has to go seize the product, go into court, and it has the burden. >> 784, a bill to amend the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish standards with respect to dietary >> FINDLAY: Problems with the legislation would become apparent even before it passed. The FDA was getting complaints about popular new weight an ingredient called Ephedra. Manufacturers fought the FDA for more than a decade. >> Yesterday, 23-year-old Steve Bechler became the first baseball player ever to die in spring train >> FINDLAY: It wasn't until a young major league pitcher that sales were halted. >> A new stimulant >> FINDLAY: By then, more than 160 deaths to the supplement. >> It almost takes a sacrificial lamb to die of liver injury or some other injury Administration can take any action. >> Hi, I'm Dr. Bon Thanks for being here. >> FINDLAY: Dr. Herbert with the Liver Injury Network funded by the National Institutes >> Let me get a listen of your lungs... >> FINDLAY: He's concerned about the harm supplements are causing. >> Just lie back t This has been sort of of liver injury that we're observing in the drug-induced liver injury network. The frequency with which we see this has roughly tripled in the last ten years. About 7% of all the cases that we over the years were due to these. In the last couple of years, it's been around 20%. >> It's incredibly hard to quantify the current problem, how much harm are supplements doing. Just yesterday, I was talking to a a bleeding stroke into his brain after taking just one workout supplement. And the reason why we don't know is that there's no effective system to detect harm fro >> FINDLAY: Take what happened in Hawaii in the summer of 2013. There was an outbreak of liver problems health officials would link to >> We didn't know if it was something in the Hawaiian population or some sort of contaminant or what exactly the problem was. >> FINDLAY: The state's only transplant center was overrun. An initial cluster of seven patients grew to more than two dozen, two of them sick enough >> It was difficult, it was stressful because people were calling up, and they were continually referring new patients, and I don't have enough o I don't know how I could put all these patients on a transplant list and possibly save all of t >> Sad news tonight from the family of The mother of seven who fell ill after taking diet pills has died. >> 32 cases of liver damage... >> The product is OxyElite Pro... >> The dietary supplement >> FINDLAY: Just two months before the outbreak, the makers of OxyElite Pro had been press to pull an earlier formulation from the market following years of complaints. The new version included a compou >> Now, aegeline is a normal component of the bael tree, and it's been used as a natural product by naturopathic healers for centuries, usually fairly safely. But they didn't use bael tree extract. They bought aegeline from a Chinese drug company that made aegeline-- at least, the company claimed it was aegeline-- and within a few months, they began to observe patients with liver failure. Mostly in Hawaii, but not entirely. >> FINDLAY: Cynthia Novida is a chief petty officer with the U.S. Navy based in San Diego. She turned to OxyElite Pro to help pass fitness tests. >> It helped keep my weight down, it helped, you know, just give me that extra push during a workout, and I was liking it and I would take >> FINDLAY: But only halfway through the first bottle, Cynthia's eyes started turning yellow. Her doctor had bad news. >> That's when he told me that, pretty much. You'll possibly need a li >> FINDLAY: She would get a transplant. The FDA has linked OxyElite to more than 70 cases of liver damage. The company declined to be interviewe and denies any responsibility. Doctors in Hawaii still remember how slow the FDA was to act. They say they followed all the directions on the agency's Medwatch websit They phoned several times. But it wasn't until they approached the state health authorities that the FDA final called them back. >> They told one of our liver doctors that, you know, they thought she was a prankster because she had sent i her private email address and, you know, kept bugging t and, you know, they didn't think we were real. >> FINDLAY: They weren't taking you seriousl >> No. It would be nice if ther we could use and get some consistent results. >> FINDLAY: But the FDA says they do have a system. That's what Medwatch is. >> Right, but I don't kn but the way it stands is there's... you know, we're not getting a resp as we probably should be. >> FINDLAY: In Hawaii, there were reports of a of people who developed severe liver problems. The doctor in the case we have spoken with raises troubling questions. Repeatedly, she says Medwatch, tried to report, and tried to get advice from the FDA as to what to do. And repeatedly, sh Had you heard this before? I can't deal with hearsay and to speculate. What I can tell you that alerted us to the problem in Hawaii, we were able to remove the product within a month >> FINDLAY: By that point, there were 56 case that had been reported, and this was for a company that only six months earlier had had another form >> There weren't 56 cases reported until sometime after we had the product removed. We had the product removed with effectively about 20 case >> FINDLAY: Cynthia Novida is one of more than 100 people who are now suing the makers of OxyElite Pro. A 23-year veteran with the Navy, she had hoped to get her 25-year service pin. That's not likely to happen now. >> I have to be able to travel, and I can't do that now. I can't go on a ship because they don't carry the meds that I need continuously. >> FINDLAY: Her doctors tell her the price of that is that she'll have to take 19 pills every day for the rest of her life. The makers of OxyElite Pro deny all claims against them. >> The allegations against USP Labs and its operators... >> FINDLAY: But in November 2015, the Justice Department launched a criminal case against the company and arrested four of its executives on fraud charges. >> ...vigilant when it comes to the health an >> ### It's a great, big beautiful day... ### >>Omega-3 is essential for good health. >> FINDLAY: The promises are endless. >>The minerals your kids need! >> FINDLAY: But even if what real, critics contend there's a bigger problem: many suppl simply don't work. What's worse, they could be doing you harm >> Now, supplements, I get this question all the time. I only take four pills... >> FINDLAY: Our scre from a pill. >> Today, I'd like about supplementation. >> FINDLAY: Reputati on dispensing that advice. >> Everyone shou a multi-vitamin, multi-mineral product. >> FINDLAY: But amid all the is the science. ###It's a great, big beautiful day to be alive...### >> When people walk into the dietary supplement or vitamin store, they think that everything is just perfectly safe. >> FINDLAY: In addition to being a pediatrician, Paul Offit is a best-selling author whose bookDo You Believe in Magic? questions our supplement habit. >> So I've got vitamins and vitamins for adults. The problem is that when you look o that a number of these vitamins are contained in amounts that are much greater than the recommended daily allowance. >> FINDLAY: Offit believes we simply take too many. >> I think multivitamins don't hurt, which is to say, vitamins at or around the recommended daily allowance for each of those vitamins. You need vitamins to l The question is, d And I think the answer to that question i But now there are studies done showing a megavitamin, you actually can hurt yoursel You actually can increase your risk of can increase your risk of heart disease. I think few people know >> And how do you know what's too much? >> Here's how you know what's too much: you sh the satiety level. Your stomach is only so big for >> FINDLAY: He illustrates the point with 1,000 milligrams of vitamin C. That's one of these pills. To get the same amount of the vitamin fr you'd have to eat between seven and eight entire cantaloupes. >> You know, you're not meant to eat eight cantaloupes. It's a dangerous thing to do, to go against what natur >> FINDLAY: It's even worse with vitamin E, he says. This capsule has 1,000 international units. You can also find vitamin E in almonds, but to get the same 1,000 units, you'd have to eat a lot of almonds: 1,670, to be precise. Scientific studies have shown that that much vitamin E can be dangerous. >> If you take large quantities of v you clearly and definitively increase your risk of prostate cancer, and in a better world, in a regulated world, were vitamin E a regula it should have a black-box warning on it that says just that. >> Vitamins E and C are we've been told to take them because antioxidants are the mortal enemy of "free radicals": cells linked to cancer and other diseases. >> If you look at people, for example, who eat diets rich in fruits, rich in vegetables, that contain antioxidants, they do seem to live l and have lesser rates of cancer and heart disease. So the thinking was, "Great-- okay, now we've figure "a way to make ourselves healthier. "Now let's double-down and take of antioxidants," and that's where we crossed the line. And now study after You can take too much in the way of antioxidants. >> FINDLAY: In response to the studies, in 2013, one of the world's most important scientific journal published an editorial. "Enough Is Enough" argued, "The case is closed. "Supplementing the diet of well-nourished adults "with most supplements has no clear benefit and might even be harmful." Dr. Eliseo Guallar was the lead author. >> This may be some of the best well-studied compounds in the history of mankind in terms of clinical trials. There are well over a couple hundred thousand people that have participated in clinical trials. So the conclusions that we have for antioxidant vitamins I think are very strong. >> FINDLAY: Vitamin D is not an antioxidant, but it is one of the top-selling vitamins in America, pushed with information that's often confusing. >> If I had to pick one vitamin to push to everybody to think about and get in their lives, it's vitamin D. >> FINDLAY: It's true, we do all need some vitamin D. The Institute of Medicine recommends adults get 600 international units a day. But look at the doses some others are suggesting. >> I've recommended 5,000 IUs daily... >> Around 5,000 IUs tends to be perfect... >> FINDLAY: On one website, I answered just three questions-- my age, my height, and I was told I needed 10,000 a day, 16 times the IOM's recommendation. >> When I hear that various groups are recommending 10,000 IUs a day or even 5,000 IUs a day routinely, I really want to say, "Show me the data, show me the evidence." >> FINDLAY: Evidence is what Dr. JoAnn Manson is accumulating here. She's collected blood samples >> The VITAL trial is, to our knowledge, the largest randomized clinical trial of vitamin D supplementation in the wor >> FINDLAY: Manson is comparing disease rates between those who take vitamin D supplements and those who don't. Final results won't be known until 2017, but already, she has concerns. >> Many people are taking too much vitamin D. also recommended avoiding getting above 4,000 IUs daily because that could be associated with adverse events. Calcium in the urine, which can be associated with kidney stones, high blood calcium, calcium in the arteries, vascular calcification, as well as soft tissue calcification. And there are now studies that show a U-shaped curve that those who have high as well as low blood levels of vitamin D have higher risk of cardiovascular disease, as well as all-cause mortality. So we can't assume that more is necessarily better. >> FINDLAY: The third most widely used supplement in America is fish oil. The Omega-3s contained in the oil are believed b essential for good health. >> DHA Omega-3 in particular is extre >> FINDLAY: It also helps prevent disease, according to the man who heads one of the largest fish oil trade associations. >> There's certainly ample evidence like reducing blood pressure, reducing your risk of coronary death. >> FINDLAY: But the science behind fish oi a little more complicated than that. >> So these are two capsules. This is a FDA-approved produc >> FINDLAY: Dr. Preston Mason is a Harvard Unive Here, he's comparing prescription-quality fish to the oil found in over-the-counter supplements. >> And give it a smell. >> FINDLAY: It smells a little bit fishy, but not bad. >> Right. You're gonna have >> FINDLAY: One of the issues with fish oil is it's delicate. It's extracted as a byproduct from oily fish like anchovies. As the fish get crushed, the oil is exposed to oxygen, and it doesn't take much oxygen to turn the oil rancid. >> This is a common supplement for fish oil. See what that smells like. >> FINDLAY: Oh... >> What? >> FINDLAY: That doesn't smell good That smells like it's going bad. >> Yeah, right. It's a very strong >> FINDLAY: If it was simply an odor issue, that would be one thing, but oxidized oil contains oxidized lipids, one of the building blocks of cells. We've long known that lipids, when oxidized, can be harmful. >> So oxidized lipid triggers inflammatory responses within our body, particularly in our cells, and if we ingest oxidized lipid, we can t these inflammatory changes that can lead to things li >> FINDLAY: Recently, Mason published his own study of fish oil supplements. The results were consisten high levels of oxidation. One in New Zealand found 83% of fish oils teste failed to meet the industry's own standard. >> It was shocking to see such a high proportion of products that had high oxidation levels. And so we went and actually bought 47 pr from the New Zealand market and had them tested at multiple labs, and we did not see that same effect >> FINDLAY: Well, what was the percentage that you discovered that were not in compliance with your standards? >> It was around 20%. >> FINDLAY: Would you agree that 20% is still problematic, from the consumer's point of view? >> Well, if it's truly 20%, then yeah, we would l those 20% improved. >> FINDLAY: But improving the quality won't address the other issue with fish oil: the growing questions about whether it prevents disease. Two years ago, epidemiologist Dr. Andrew Grey compiled all the best studies on fish oil as reported in the world's most prestigious scientific journals. >> I think for cardiovascular disease, one has to say there is no compelling evidence that taking fish oils protects against a first heart attack or a second heart attack. And so people who are advised to do that or are doing it are wasting their time and their money. >> FINDLAY: But the fish oil industry continues to insist there is a benefit, particularly for preventing heart attacks. We asked their spokesman to send us his best evidence, which included some of the same studies Grey had cited, and didn't seem to support his case. >> FINDLAY: This one says it doesn't appear to reduce sudden cardiac death. The next one, JAMA 2012: "Overall, Omega-3 supplementation wa associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality." Another journal, "The evidence is not clear-cut, "and any benefits are almost certainly as previously believed." So, that doesn't seem to be suggesting there's an overwhelming amount of evi >> Yeah, well, I think what you're looking at are the abstracts. >> But the conclus >> But again, those papers are looking at very la of cardiovascular disease, and I think it's hard to argue that Omega-3s aren't important for how your heart functions. >> FINDLAY: Many researchers agree-- if you get them from eating actual fish. The problem is, science still hasn't pro for supplements. >> We would think that something that's nat that's essential to normal cell function and body function would have clinical benefits, it just has to be proven. But in the meantime, there's certainly been a lot of promotion suggesting a benefit in everything from Alzheimer's disease to cardiovascular disease. But we still need th those hypotheses. >> FINDLAY: The same can be said about virtually every product the supplement We wanted to discuss the issues with some of the industry's most prominent advocat >> So many questions, so many concerns. >> FINDLAY: Dr. Mehmet Oz... Dr. Joseph Mercola... ...and Dr. Andrew Weill all declined to be interviewed. >> FINDLAY: While the debate continues over whether supplements actually work, in rural Guelph, Ontario, there is a botanist who may have found an answer to that other troublesome question: what's actually in the pills and potions that we take? Dr. Steven Newmaster is part of a worldwide effort to collect and catalogue nature's wide array of DNA. He believes in the power of nature to heal. >> I buy and use natural health I believe in them. I've used them all my life. I've used them with my family. We have that anecdotal evidence and you take whatever the remedy is and it's dealt with. >> FINDLAY: So it's an irony that Guelph University was responsible for one of the latest studies documenting problems with supplement quality. In 2012, Newmaster and his team randomly selected 44 herbal products off the shelves in Canada and the U.S. and started comparing them to the plant DNA in their databank. >> And we looked at the results, and I was fairly astound I was like, "Wow." >> FINDLAY: 60% of the not listed on their labels. Even more astonishingly, one in three p outright fakes. >> If I put my consumer hat because I go in to buy a product that I believe in, that I care about and I pay a lot of money for, and it's not even in the bottle? Are you kidding me? >> FINDLAY: Unlike sim this one got noticed: front page of the health in theNew York Times,&nbsp; an article that was read by, among others, New York's attorney general. >> Last December, my office purchased a variety of store brand herbal supplements from stores in different parts of New York state. >> FINDLAY: Eric Schneiderman ordered up his own tests of herbal supplements, which produced eve >> Only 21% of the products we tested in fact had DNA evidence that they contained the product listed on the label. We found the results to be shoc We purchased products from four major chains: Wal-Mart, Walgreens, Target, and GNC. We found asparagus DNA, houseplant DNA, rice, and other things, but not the product that was on the labels. And it seemed that there was just a massive fraud going on. >> FINDLAY: The attorney general demanded the company stop selling the products. At first, the industry questioned the methodo but then GNC, the largest of the supplement retailers, agreed to use DNA barcoding to authenticate its products. The industry spokesman, however, still isn't convinced. Daniel Fabricant. >> We're working wit so they understand more about th and we understand more of their I think that it's important >> FINDLAY: Do you accept the findings that they >> Well, I haven't been able to review the >> FINDLAY: No, because they say because it's a but what they have t >> Without seeing the science, I'm a scientis I can't really comment >> FINDLAY: So is that a yes or a no? >> That's a no. >> FINDLAY: You from the attorney general so you but you have seen the study from G that was published in 2013. >> I have seen that. >> FINDLAY: And what They're fairly similar findings. >> I think they're the s the accreditation of the lab. There's no mention of refere Reference materials are critical when you're do Not knowing how you establish the baseline, what are you comparing? >> FINDLAY: Newmaster's comparison was to that library of DNA he and international scientists have been collecting. >> We've done this now thousands, actually tens of thousands of times for products, and the process works, and it works reall >> FINDLAY: Today, 14 states' attorneys general have come together to demand change, not only from the industry, but from the FDA and lawmakers. >> We think that there's responsibility in Congress and there's responsibility at the agency level, and we're just going to keep pressing until we can get them to take action. >> FINDLAY: Since th and regulators announced they've taken action against over 100 companies. >> We see a number of serious issues with dietary supplements and products f as dietary supplements. >> FINDLAY: There are now signs that at least some in the industry are adopting new technology to ensure accurate labeling. >> We have implemented the use of DNA barcode technology here in our products. I think it is a gamechanger. It's new, and with newness first some early adopters. >> FINDLAY: Nature's Way is among those leading the way. The manufacturer is one of several who have now partnered with the Canadian scientists in a renewed effort to put quality first. >> We made contact with him which included testing many of our herbal dietary ingredients for identity. Right now, testing is done off-site at the University of Guelph, and Dr. Newmaster on some technology that could possibly be implemented in a commercial manner. >> Take some of the sample and simply put it into >> FINDLAY: Newmaster believes the partnership is just the beginning. >> And load it into the machine, press "Go." >> FINDLAY: He has refined his barcoding technology further, making it cheaper and easier to use. >> You can start testing further back in the supply chain What about that batch that came in, and it's a huge vat, and it's powder? The DNA is excellent in It could be tested at where it's being transport and the supplier is doing trading and buyi It could be tested at the producer, the farmer, it could be tested all the way along. And I think that's an app to solve the problem. >> FINDLAY: But that still leaves the question of what, if any, of this stuff actually works. >> Using the herb combined with a standardized extract... >> It's a joint supplement that contains Perna... >> FINDLAY: The industry is quick to criticize studies that challenge their products, but it hasn't produc peer-reviewed studies of its own, with clinical trials where supplements are tested against placebos. >> The crazy thing about the dietary supplement world is there are none of those studies, and the studies that are done say the stuff doesn't work. >> There is new science out there all the time. Consumers are going to continue to take supp because they derive a benefit. takes a suppleme and effectively. >> We love the notion of It's something that makes it all better. It's just too seductive. But it is a pill just li The only difference is it's an unregulated pill and you don't know what's in it. For more on this and otherFrontlineprograms, visit our website at pbs.org/frontline. Frontline's"Supplements and Safety" is available on DVD. To order, visit shopPBS.org, or call 1-800-play-PBS. Frontlineis also available for download on iTunes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @frontline [118 likes]: Love FRONTLINE? Watch hundreds more documentaries on our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ScyryU9Oy9Wse3a8OAmYQ?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @frankx210 [1 likes]: The FDA approves anything. They are full of shi!
  3. @Castle743 [1 likes]: "Lobbyist" in Washington is LEGAL CORRUPTION at the cost of us the people. Yes you have to kill nobody before FDA does anything
  4. @yoanalexander78 [1 likes]: Do one on fitness supplements like protein powders and creatine, etc.
  5. @ChangWufei: Figured this deserved a rewatch considering how govt regulations have been gutted across the board especially concerning health
  6. @lynnchang5080: and this is why i do not take supplements... i m very cynical of these companies
  7. @delataylor: I love that those two clearly unhealthy people (without any education on the subject(s)) are making millions selling wellness "medication" to the public. Cool.
  8. @sandyvalle3675: ""safe and Effective " Mr.Cohen? For big Pharma??
  9. @MargaretKoren: Thank you PBS for this information about supplements — but can we really trust the FDA and Big Pharma.. 
Don’t we have a problem with our water system which is full of additives,  preservatives and other drugs that get flushed down the drain with increasing cases of a drug called fluoride.
  10. @johnmartyn9018: Fish-Oil = 21st Century Snake-Oil
  11. @djung6140: Lol, modern drugs safe and effective. Hmm opioid addicted country is from an FDA approved drug. How many people has it killed?
  12. @djung6140: NO MORE GOVERNMENT CONTROL. IT'S NOT ABOUT DOING WHAT IS RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE. IT'S ABOUT MONEY AND POWER! REMEMBER COVID. FDA MANAGERS MADE MILLIONS!!
  13. @ortov-l3p: tahziry et ha kol be hazara lany , li , lo, o she atem haiim metim im sartanim levanim ba beit kvarot ad ha sof amen amin aman amry asy hargy 🥽👼🐇🪞🇺🇸🇯🇵♈️🧬🪶🤍⚪️🧿🪽🧞‍♂️🕊️
  14. @muszak1: Umm, the FDA approves multiple chemicals in our processed foods and spray Round Up on our fruits and vegetables. Our bodies cannot digest such disgusting additives.
  15. @Castle743: The supplement industry is hurting people and yes killing people jn some cases, LOBBYIST in Washington legal corruption,  this industry don't have to proof a dam thing, or quality of ingredients,  its playing russian roulette with people lives..
  16. @Castle743: I worked at a vitamin manufacturing facility,  it was horrible, the ingredients came from "Asia" god only knows what quality ingredients raw materials had, why "Asia " cheap cost, one mixer did not mix ingredients right amounts, they still made the tablets for sale,  " how they fixed..God only knows..I quit a short time later for this and quality issues,  dirty place, so if you think they follow GMP( GOOD MANUFACTURING PRACTCE) not so much, selling snake oil a 30 billion dollar industry in the USA, i don't take vitamins. I DON'T know what company to trust
  17. @dariaiva: У людей разная этногенетика и метаболизм. Нельзя всех лечить одинаково как однородную биомассу.
  18. @moodybugg-2098: All this while ignoring pharmaceuticals cause over 800,000 deaths per yr in US alone, taken AS PRESCRIBED!!! NOT OVERDOSED. Anything from a chemical company is poison to the body
  19. @FREDAFMK: he's got back painbecause he runs, dah
  20. @Craig-yn2fv: What about aspartame and how the product received approval during the Reagan administration and FDA appointments who had connections to Searle.

- Why Do People Commit Suicide? Director of Suicide Prevention at Mount Sinai: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the show it's nice to meet you and thank you for coming let's just start off could you introduce yourself for my listeners please my name is Igor gallenkar and I'm a professor of Psychiatry at Mount Sinai and the director of the suicide research prevention lab and also the Family Center for bipolar disorder I just always ask and actually who works in this specific what piqued your interest about it you know was there something in the family unit or growing up that led you towards Psychiatry my initial intersection was intellectual curiosity okay I was reading a lot and for it seemed interesting and I'm a scientist and uh by training and by Nature really and the puzzle of human mind and what make us move and do what we do has always been uh like seemed unsolvable to me and so that's why can you solve the puzzle my postdoc was in um uh in biology in human genome and then I realized well there's a whole new field and what's the most interesting there human mind I actually started uh I was a resident at Mount Sinai and my first job clinical job was an inpatient attending so I'm actually uh was working with from the outset with very acute people uh people who are very sick and sometimes uh you know suicidal it was from the very beginning because that's uh those who get hospitalized an inpatient unit they in the United States that hospitalized for dangerousness not for mental illness you can be very ill but not be in hospital so I've been dealing with dangerous people uh for uh from the very beginning that's why I'm comfortable working with suicidal patients um because you know just I know I know what's going on and they don't scare me when I Was preparing for our interview I read that suicide is the second leading cause of death among people age 10 to 24 right and there's nearly one death every 11 minutes right in the United States for my listeners why do people commit suicide that that is the most uh difficult question really that you may want to ask uh why and um we've been working for 15 years trying to figure out why and came up with the whole Theory which is now in the second edition of my book is called narrative crisis model of suicide it's very scientific and I can go over it later on if you if you're interested um the uh from my end okay as a doctor preventing suicide um why is actually not the most important question uh what most important question is how acute the suicidal state is how close they are or maybe to attempting suicide even dying and what can I do to prevent it at the time and why which is a stressful life event in our lingo the stress that brought in is actually about five steps back oh wow I didn't realize yes um are there any biological components to suicidality like can you talk a little bit about nature versus nurture yes of course um so uh the uh the way they might as well talk about our Theory because it's also a framework with suicide prevention so there's some people uh who um have what we call long-term risk factors for suicide of which there are many and as so shown uh to be associated with the People Dying by Suicide lifetime not tomorrow lifetime and some of them are known for instance you would think an impulsivity is one of them but that's not the main one uh the main one is perfectionism uh and uh that is to some degree inherited the second one is fearlessness which is also inherited uh the third one is pessimism that is also to some degree genetics so that's nature um then um there are certain things which are uh nurture okay and this is some of them are history upbringing environment stress so for instance a particular uh childhood abuse is associated with increased risk um the um trauma is associated with increased risk certain apparenting style okay is associated with increased risk for instance and the past suicidal behavior is associated with increased risk so this is the nurture and then what about if suicide like if someone is suicidal in the family unit does that increase risk for the child yes yes history of suicide in the family which is partially genetic and partially uh history just history preventable uh well nothing is a hundred percent but the uh yes I would say most of the time yes yes it just comes down to when you step in uh well and it's also um what what you do in what you treat the next step let's say coming back to the theory so if you have a person that I described to you with long-term risk factors in certain history are there at risk lifetime okay if something happens in their life that doesn't go right which let's call it stress stressful life event the risk goes up dramatically they get fired from their job the loved ones they get in a car accident okay there's not too many of these by the way stressful life events too many categories maybe like seven okay that's all it is there's only seven of them well generally speaking Yeah about seven I can name them for you yeah could you name them sure um the two most important ones is final romantic rejection final okay is the is the is the term and that is associated with an increased risk for suicide within 24 hours um I relate to that one yeah uh so if somebody made it through two weeks three weeks okay the danger danger goes down then catastrophic Financial failure of some sort eviction for somebody who is responsible for family uh chronic Relentless mental illness okay which is hard to treat and people in constant pain because of that nothing works um new uh one set of serious medical illness okay for cancer diagnosis bullying okay and some kind of threat to Identity uh uh a core identity like for instance somebody who is a researcher and uh you know worked on their life uh on proving something uh it turns out that everything they've done was falsified by the research assistant it's a threat to Identity it's not Financial failure it's something something like that so these are primarily all the categories if one of this happens something like this happens to people who are at long term risk then they enter particular frame of mind okay that recalls suicidal narrative and it's a thought pattern and it's a life story that they they see they see the in themselves life narrative and that life narrative is uh the following picture following story I strived for something that was incredibly important uh to me and if I only achieved that goal I would be happy and only that goal would make me happy and I failed and that goal could be a family perfect family it's a goal to be a stable career a goal to be being in medical school for a recently immigrant a goal could be being popular a goal to marry someone to marry someone specific absolutely and only that uh and I cannot change that goal I cannot find somebody else I cannot choose a different career I cannot disengage and re-engage the rabbit hole of hopelessness right and that uh makes me feel defeated humiliated and I cannot tell anybody about this because I'm a burden to everyone and I don't see any future without it that's acceptable to me and all this is thinking okay it's uh people can't keep thinking that and that can go on for days or weeks I mean typically okay not always but typically and that alone uh is not quite there but then when something else happens uh that a person can develop a fairly short-lived state of mind that's what we call suicide crisis syndrome uh and that lasts comes in waves and it's actually very short-lived and it lasts hours to two days maximum days but usually hours uh but it lasts much longer typically that the conscious impulse or desire uh to kill yourself to actually do that actually do it much longer okay critical difference and some people by the way uh go on to kill yourself without ever being suicide and I can give I'll tell you a couple of examples of that so if you intercept recognize and intercept that state suicide crisis syndrome and treated suicide is preventable and uh in uh our estimate in our lab if people would use our approach to Suicide Prevention which we'll talk about in the United States alone conservative we will probably save 10 000 lives a year that's what you're working on and so that is what you call the suicide trigger state or is that something else suicide trigger state was the early name okay for it uh we started that and then we change it to Suicide crisis syndrome for better for worth okay right now and so what does immediate risk for suicide kind of look like can you give me some examples meaning what the state looks like yeah what is that mental state yeah like someone who's in that state where they may act on it are they you know in their bed are they having panic attack oh or differs per person it's I would think I would uh kind of try to maybe not talk about risk as much okay okay because um it is the mental state that needs to be treated when people on That Metal safe life becomes unbearable and they could do whatever is next to them I how do you recognize that that's really really important so the most important thing about that state and now I'm gonna sound a little bit like a a broken record because I talk about it a lot um so um our the way we now assess suicide risk we ask a person if they're suicidal and we've been doing it forever and one of the reasons um in this is that uh in my very first or second year of my psychiatric career I had a patient who died by Suicide one of my first patients actually when I knew very little uh and um he I treated him for a year and we were talking about this all the time and he was telling me that absolutely he's not going to do it and because he wants to reconstruct his life the way it was um something terrible happened to him I mean he was in a relationship and for 20 years and then after his uh partner die died he was gay um the uh his part partner's wife and three children showed up to the funeral at the funeral they were all younger young so it personally led a double life and that was basically catastrophic that was a blow to core identity that I just described to you uh That Couldn't he couldn't survive and we worked with this on it for a year uh and then one day he said well I think I'm gonna go to Asia and then he left and then 24 hours later I got um uh a call from the local Precinct that he killed himself and then a year a week later I got the letter from him with the gift and the letter was sorry doc you I don't blame yourself I was really lying to you at the end I planned it all along not so long but for for for several days and uh you know you're good okay don't blame yourself just couldn't take it anymore and so why that is important is that you cannot trust somebody who is suicidal to tell you that they're suicidal yeah I mean you really can't and now that I we know that about at least two reasons for that different reasons one reason is that out of fear of being confined in a hospital out of fear of being stopped people who are really suicidal are going to tell you and the second one is the status so short-lived unconscious suicidal which could be so short-lived that they wouldn't know and for that reason when we started working on this state which is called suicidal State of Mind called suicide crisis syndrome suicidal ideation is not part of it when you tell the story to me about this first station does it make you emotional yeah um still and I know that there's a lot of stigma just in the in the community the medical community if for therapists psychologist if you have a patient that follows through with suicide there's a lot of Shame did you ever feel that shame um yes it's not something that's easy um to talk about uh [Music] I now in my life I treated 35 000 people of those 35 000 people 10 000 were suicide of those 10 000 uh three people died by Suicide under my care I told you about the first one and nine people died by Suicide within a month after they left my care so um as you know people who work with cancer um you kind of develop a way of coping with this um but it's still shameful and still difficult to talk about and on the other hand uh it's not people die from cancer and the oncologists who work with it and the fact that people die by Suicide and its shapeful should not prevent us from working with them and saving lives and so that's what I'm doing 100 and I think you're doing important work I just think there's so much stigma and shame just around this topic that needs to be combated I don't know if you are familiar with or um how much your assistant told you about the show and I spent time at McLean but there was a patient who after leaving and being there six months committed suicide and I remember when my therapist and just to see her even talk about that is is difficult I think even for some of the residents counselors and you know the younger people who are just starting their career it was kind of a moment that's as a human how do you deal with that you're a doctor but at the same time you're still a person and you have feelings and you had a relationship with this person for a year um and to get a letter or a gift and to be told it's not your fault oh here was a really thoughtful person yeah okay if you didn't send me this letter I don't think I would start working in suicide prevention oh really so this kind of this jump started it for you yeah what uh one way the question was always in my mind and then something else happened somebody gave a talk and at which point I realized that there's no framework even dealing with this so continuing our conversation you see suicidal State of Mind is the most lethal psychiatric condition no question more little than schizophrenia more little than bipolar disorder more little than borderline personality disorder and for reasons of shame or whatever reasons um in when I started working on this is there was no medical term for that illness and it's the most little illness and psychiatry and so when I realized that I stopped doing what I was doing which was family approached teaching bipolar disorder and mythologically started working on describing this mental state that people could recognize diagnose treat uh just like any other just any other state like just like depression just like panic attack without asking somebody to diagnose themselves as you know you would never ask psychotic person to diagnose themselves yeah are you manic right now right exactly yeah exactly and that's yet that's what we do and we still do if someone is suicidal as a family member as a teacher what do you do what should you do um well I think it's important for everyone to know uh the syndrome the symptoms of that syndrome like for instance uh most people now not 30 years ago but now no symptoms of depression some people know symptoms of menia uh everybody knows uh symptoms of a choke okay okay and knows how to save a choking victim right it's in every restaurant everybody needs to know uh the suicidal state of mind and what the symptoms are okay so they can uh they can see and hear when their loved ones talk about it because it's recognizable and so it's recognizable even if someone doesn't tell they're suicidal you would just notice and have a gut feeling uh okay important question notice because people tell you okay and there's a particular 15 actually criteria and five of them are the main ones that you can recognize if you could tell me what those are but there's also gut feeling which is your emotional reaction to somebody uh and that's a separate issue that we're also working on and that can tell you okay and it's about 50 50. and that's for like clinicians family members can you walk me through then what those criteria are to meet this syndrome there are five criteria let me first name them and then I'll give you then can tell you how to ask about that right away is that family members should not take upon themselves to diagnose and treat okay necessarily because it's a it's a psychiatrist's job but they could know they should know what uh people tell them okay because most of uh what people say about the uh state of uh suicidal crisis syndrome uh they say they don't hide it it just goes unnoticed so the five criteria one is Criterion a and four criteria B so the first Criterion Criterion a in its par half of the syndrome is feeling of entrapment or forensic hopelessness and it's a desire to almost I would say desperate desire to escape an unbearable life situation when all routes to escape are blocked there's no other way and people know uh exactly what it is the second one is state of uh emotional discontrol or emotional pain the third one third one is loss of control over your thoughts the fourth one is insomnia and the fifth one is withdrawal so when if you are a friend let me I'll talk to you the way a psychiatrist would ask somebody but now imagine that you listen to Somebody's conversation just keep looking for those things when you're talking to a friend or you know your mother or your anybody so the first question is whatever you encounter in life right now whatever brought you to my office okay with this problem okay is are there any solutions to it do you see any options or do you feel trapped and you feel cornered and there's no option so that's the first question uh and um if you are listening to a friend or loved one if a person is telling you about a life situation they find themselves in that I just described previously you know the woman who I you know the only woman who cared about me left me okay or you know I've failed my mcats I'm not going to medical school my parents are going to kill me I let them down there's no way so that's you can hear people talk about it second the uh whatever brings you here right now whatever we're talking about okay do you feel pain is it is it painful to you when we talk about that do you feel emotional pain uh the third question is and again people want to tell you that you know the woman left me the only that care for me and I can't believe how much it hurts you don't need to ask I mean they tell you themselves and usually you can hear the third question is when you think about this this problem that we're just talking about can you control your thoughts or you feel your thoughts are controlling you and it's when somebody in the state they know exactly what you're talking about and what you described a rabbit hole of hopelessness okay and then just like this is yes non-stop thoughts this is a Criterion uh B2 okay and a really important one uh and when these thoughts that I described to you come with the feeling of headache or pressure in your head which could be related to emotional pain okay that's even more critical okay of losing control over your thoughts so the third question uh the fourth question is does it happen to you at night these okay or can you sleep and the last question is have you told anybody about it so that's really really important what they describe to you there's 5 out of 15 criteria there are others like for instance being hyper Vigilant being agitated uh not being able to experience any pleasure having like severe super severe anxiety with strange Sensations in your body which is very important but these five that I described to you uh uh Neil Neil monster and how common is this in the medical community like I feel like I've gone to therapist my whole life I've been in the ER as someone with borderline you know that's one of the criteria for borderline um I don't know if I've ever been asked those specific questions you haven't yeah and uh you haven't because at the moment this diagnosis of suicide crisis syndrome is not an official diagnosis okay and that's what you're working on right now yeah and the main uh if I would get something for to save Humanity out of this interview that that diagnosis that I described to you that needs to be artificial diagnosis and DSM and it is under consideration we applied the second time it's a thousand Page Long application um it is the only condition to my knowledge uh in DSM that actually is based on research and not on Expert consensus it's actually based on like a hundred papers that we wrote and so if you notice some a family member or love or loved one who's withdrawing maybe they've told you they've brought up I've been having these thoughts I feel hopeless no one cares about me and you're saying they need to see some like a a psychiatrist or a professional so what is the next step do you call 9-1-1 do you uh well I think you talk tell a person if you talk to them hopefully that's somebody you cared about and you can level them and say look what you're saying is sounds really pretty scary you need help like right now it needs to be it needs to be treated I mean it's it's pretty bad so you know let's go see somebody yes because I feel like when people call 9-1-1 when someone is in a suicidal State I almost feel in my own experience and friends of mine and people I was in treatment with it makes it worse most of the time Hospital does the hospital and the if a police officer shows up too um and I feel like they have no training in mental health and how to even communicate with someone who's in that state you know putting them in just a hold I feel like sometimes it's a Band-Aid solution of let's just keep them alive physically it is the therapist actually mostly because a therapist doesn't need to deal with it um see uh I don't hospitalize suicidal people okay I really don't I'm really hospitalize anyone I mean really um even with bipolar disorder it's all can be treated as an outpatient if the family is involved and the highest risk of any uh uh actually of any uh time period the highest risk period for suicide is the first week after Hospital discharge 200 fold for women increased risk and 100 fold for men and nobody really investigated so far why that's the case it may be that facing the world after you were in a hospital is hard or maybe uh being in a hospital made you worse and you were bad to begin with so um yeah I um have never shared this on the podcast but and I was thinking possibly down the road I would do an episode on it I had an attempt many many years ago and I was at Bellevue Hospital and my discharge plan was like nothing like they just like let you out as if nothing happened it's like you're in here your insurance can only pay for a certain amount of days if you're physically fine enough to leave then they kick you out and to me years later going to Mclean which was an amazing experience and I love my team there um I I constantly revisit that time of how a neglected in my care I felt oh it's terrible I mean what you're telling is terrible but not atypical things are changing now uh because you know of the uh inexorable uh Relentless rise in suicide since raids since 1999. I also felt a lack of humanity in my care um not once did anyone ask me like how do you feel are you okay like there was no human yeah human response it was very like I mean I had all these physical problems that they were trying to fix um and it was kind of like oh we just need to get you better and then shoe you out of here for the next patient um and I I do feel like part of that inspired this work and having these conversations because I felt like no one talked to me about it and even just in my family unit it was very elephant in the room Hush Hush for years and years and years yes well um one of the approaches we haven't tested yet but I'm pretty sure um having worked with bipolar families and for 20 years now and using the family approach to treatment of bipolar disorder for 20 years and a lot of these people were suicidal in the depressed I'm convinced that the best approach to uh Suicide Prevention clinically a therapeutic schools actually get the family involved in our family center for bipolar disorder we don't take individual patients I mean people come here but when they've everything else failed to us and they come as families and they signed waiver uh a waiver so everybody talks to each other and we have you know have good up why do you think that is what like why when the family is involved I know you wrote a whole book on this um are the rates of of um getting better so much higher um of remission you're talking about suicide or bipolar I guess both just mental health care in general because uh I mean it's like support it's not only support I mean what I'm saying uh it's like to me it sounds very simple I mean how can you it's on the same level as how can you um uh uh diagnose suicide uh how can you rely on the person in the worst moment on their life okay to tell you accurately what they're going to do I mean how absurd is that yeah right so the same thing is that how can you uh treat uh uh mental illness and suicidal uh state outside the family when the family is sometimes is the cause sometimes is the cure but always involved one way or another and can also probably give you yeah additional perspective of course makes a lot of sense you briefly mentioned the rise in suicide since what was the year 1999 what do you attribute that to or what are some of the main factors there's an association that everybody knows about um but um not sure it's a cause but certainly an association uh of uh in the United States this is uh the appearance of social media tick tock tick tock well it started way way before Tick Tock um it's a screen time it started with a screen time started with the cell phones started with instant connection there's one thing that happened but you know it didn't happen all over the world it's United States okay um for instance in Britain uh in Israel suicide rates are fairly flat despite that uh in Korea they increased also there's other reasons for instance the you know uh the kind of fraying fabric of American society that we're all experiencing right now which to some extent is uh promulgated by social media uh I think the social issues disappearance of middle class and the income inequality all of that um essentially I would say um the fracture of American Dream I think that started happening about that time consciously I think it all contributes but screen time and social media and all that is a pretty bad yeah when I read that age 10 to 25 10 seems so young for suicide right and is that a fairly new phenomenon yes is is that age rocket uh it is not a new phenomenon because you know young children Were Dying by Suicide the rates are very low and they continue to be raw but they increase in the rates is very steep 2017 uh of the last 23 years was the worst year in terms of the suicide increase in that one year uh children suicide went up by 50 do you think that has to do with bullying or social media social media uh probably probably both what is known okay and this is particularly about girls actually um is that if you take four steps uh one is screen time of any sort okay including computers then uh cell phone screen time social media and cyber bullying okay four steps one to another increasing stress so each of these steps is associated with worse suicide risk in each of these steps suicide risk increases faster for girls than for boys because I wanted to go into kind of prevention and why is a suicide specific diagnosis necessary um our research shows and remarkably so I mean I've done research in about six or seven different fields but it's the only time that I see that what our research shows that the syndrome that described to the mental state is the same everywhere regardless of culture regardless of age regardless of diagnosis with the exception of somebody being acutely psychological exactly the same we did a study in 15 countries on four continents and it is the same in Korea in Taiwan in Hungary in Italy in the United States exactly the same thing so said radiation but it is not okay the syndrome is the same okay so the actual syndrome of like that the the moment that something pushes you over the edge yes that mental state that's the illness yes you see uh suicide uh suicidal mental state is an illness okay and that illness is the same regardless of where you are and what gets you to that point you and your team of the different mental illnesses the state as similarly to how you should treat someone with diabetes absolutely uh and um see um I said that I mentioned that our submission to uh uh the DSM committee uh is is actually long we describe the state we know what it is we know how it behaves we know it's the same everywhere so the last step and we had clinical trials to test all this the last step that we need to do is two things actually two steps one is that we need to implement it everywhere and I'm working on it internationally uh within several countries and the other one we need to treat it and make sure that it works that suicide rates goes down both by diagnosing it and you know addressing it psychotherapeutically because people are not alone but primarily by treating it medically there are certain biological uh uh underpinnings of the syndrome uh the certain neurotransmitters that underlie this is a hypothesis uh we haven't tested it yet although we wrote the paper and if you give people a certain medications for a short period of time we believe that wave that drives people over the edge subsides it's like it's like giving people Tylenol when they have severe headache people in that state they can't talk they can't comprehend you cannot do Psychotherapy when people are like that so the second therapeutic approach to people in acute suicidal state is not going to work and so what are some of those medications or those inner those interceptions again I think uh I think I did it uh as a doctor and other people did these doctors that don't have a clinical trial to tell you because that's what needs to be conducted and we need money to do that um but the most important uh uh so when somebody is in acute let me see but somebody cannot sleep okay and has severe anxiety with somatic symptoms okay the medication that will help you would be a benzodiazepine of the current medications and sedating uh antipsychotic there's actually three medications not one benzo is just one of them yeah um the second medication is a sedating antipsychotic uh some because that treats uh loss of cognitive control when your thinking is out of control so it kind of just like puts you to sleep no comes down you're thinking okay specifically these medications uh Target your unwanted thoughts yes yeah so that combination and the third one uh that actually works and it sounds like the most dangerous one but I actually think uh that that's also very important and uh it's when you're in pain it's opiodergic system okay it is your orbit receptors out of control so um something like buprenorphine would work and again what we're talking about the state is hours long yeah and no one-time thing right it's a one-time thing and this is what ketamine does yeah uh except uh you know I'm not a captain captain yeah okay because it's an opiate which makes people euphoric do you fear someone could get addicted and 48 hours no no but I'm saying what if someone goes through the suicidal thing multiple times and or is that just like a risk that you guys have to consider if somebody uh if somebody is sick enough in that state uh that uh they can kill themselves I think you need to take the risk of course you weigh the risk of keeping someone alive um what are things clinicians from your research need to watch out for um like do you do you recommend crisis plans we recommend um a systematic approach um it's almost easier to explain when you look at the model um so let me repeat the model and then I'll tell you what the systematic approach is so there's long term risk factors there are no immediate risk but they increase your risk lifetime there are stressful life events that you need to manage there is suicidal narrative which is perceived state of no future that you need to restructure and then there's suicide crisis syndrome they need to treat medically and then somebody may be on the ledge okay so and so you in this system that I described to you five step system you go backwards so the first thing you do when somebody is suicidal you take the gun out of their hand you take the pills away okay it's obvious but it's not done you take them off the ledge the second thing you treat the syndrome you don't start Psychotherapy before you treat the syndrome because people cannot process it when somebody in the states like a broken arm you don't do Psychotherapy on somebody's in acute pain with a broken arm or it's like exactly what you're saying it's like someone who's in a psychotic state who's or who's hallucinating seeing things yeah so you need to treat that after you treat that and the syndrome is gone or subsided then you can start working with therapy on restructuring you know your perception of like your life narrative but not before once you're able to do that and work with that you work with uh you know uh management of stressful life events and long-term therapy uh maybe to reduce perfectionism or things like that I have faced stigma in my own life I've met many people who faced a lot of stigma around suic suicidalities around suicide specifically that it's attention seeking that it's selfish um you've worked with suicidal patients for a long time in your career what do you say to someone who who believes that has that narrative suicide is not attention seeking okay it's the end of life okay suicidal crisis is not syndrome is not attention sitting seeking and it's a very painful and bearable mental state suicidal ideation on the other hand quote unquote but what we call this cellulation can be attention seek and can be dramatic see that very very different things okay what can someone insurance or like the financial resources to get help is there any advice you have for them meaning what if somebody feels like this and they have no insurance yeah they have no insurance or yeah they don't know where to seek help financially like going to the hospital or seeing a doctor doesn't seem like an option well there is a obviously Suicide Prevention Hotline hotlands I would recommend the hotlines okay okay I actually would recommend the hotline there are people on the always on the end of at the end of the phone uh of the phone line they pick up the phone they talk to you I mean they're not doctors but they can connect you they can hold you on because the syndrome is short-lived our approach is uh is the the syndrome should be in DSM that's number one stay okay number one first step yep okay once it's in DSM three things are gonna happen one is it is it will be taught in all medical schools in all nursing schools and not in all uh kind of anything related to healthcare it's everybody's gonna know about it two insurance bill for it which the moment you can't and three it will stimulate research because there is a code and there's a diagnosis and Pharma is going to pay for it because it's going to change everything yeah what kind of research are is you and are you you and your team doing at Mount Sinai at the moment yes uh we're doing um actually several things uh one is uh where um submitted a protocol for treatment with the stream education that I described for you a randomized trial to see which one works the best just as you say maybe Wednesday as a bin bins there has been placenta psychotic benzodiazepine plus antipsychotic plus Agonist um and uh see which one works the best and our purchases that we need you need all three so that's one study the other study is uh we want we're implementing uh the suicide crisis syndrome assessment uh all over Mount Sinai Health System and uh we'll see how that will change uh and prevent suicide that alone just the fact that everybody assesses it they said nobody knows about it so everybody in Mount Sinai will know about it and it's the largest health system in in uh in New York so let's see what it does to prevent suicide what are the ethics and legal issues when it comes to Human subjects in these trials um meaning in suicide related Suicide Prevention trials yeah very serious for instance uh you cannot uh the moment you cannot do a clinical trial without treatment like uh in our in our study international study that I described to you that showed the suicide crisis syndrome is the same everywhere uh it's an internet-based study it must have been treatment they wouldn't approve it otherwise so several steps during the questionnaire uh several uh there would be yeah uh if somebody triggers something they'll be a referral okay okay to a local doctor to local therapist to um or to uh what like there's many many protections okay because uh although generally speaking uh talking about suicide does not increase risk of suicide really don't know 100 and want to make sure that all the safeguards are there can you walk me through your 2005 findings between pharmaceutical trials in scientific journals and big and Pharma I was I was interested I read this when I was hooking you up and well uh yes of course conflict of interest don't think about it I don't know maybe we didn't think about it now we think after the opiate crisis we think about it much more but at that time it was actually before the opioid crisis became uh obvious uh uh the idea that uh pharmaceutical companies could bias trials uh was you know relatively unknown and novel so and we decided to test that and so what we did we chose three very prestigious journals and it was very simple we coded the studies whether it was favorable to the test Dragon unfavor unfavorable and then we looked at who paid for the study and it was like a clock if the company paid for the study then the outcome was 75 percent favorable to the drug that they paid for use the opponent Faith paid for the study it was 25 and nobody paid for the study or nmh it was 50 so it was the only variable really that worked who funded the study and then what about what gets I would I would think that that would be a connection of what gets implemented into medical school then I'm sure there you know and what's taught uh well it's a it's a long uh discussion let me mention just one thing to you uh and you make your own conclusions um when we switch when we moved from DSM 4 to DSM-5 the uh ADHD onset age was raised from 7 to 13. okay so big on dsm4 uh the ADHD onset should be in a diagnosis before age seven now it's before age 13. which means that the number of people who have ADHD okay probably went up by fold what do you think happens to the drug sales to Adderall sales exponential yeah so what are your views on the increase I mean right now we're having a shortage of Adderall in the that's wild to think about you know what are your views on the increasingly wide use of not only Adderall Xanax ssris and just medication uh generally for people psychotropic medications uh is it just that more and more people need it more more people are sick more and more you know it's more openly discussed now so people aren't shamed so they get the treatment or is it over prescribed uh uh all of the above all of the above I think uh more people uh can identify the need for it but it's clearly over prescribed and in ways that uh you may not find uh particularly like useful uh or or ethical do you implement any holistic like do you guys talk about any holistic treatment for for suicide or just psychiatric care in general like what is the in your career the connection like have you yeah is that ever implemented in the hospital or when you even were in medical school do they talk about diet do they talk about stress um and these things Stress Management is is is really important that we talked about it in the model uh I don't know about diet uh but I think dietitian is important because psychotropic drugs uh uh cause appetite and weight changes totally but also depress like if I'm eating McDonald's every single day and drinking a liter of Coca-Cola that can't be good for my my body or my brain health you'll gain 30 pounds but also just don't you think like the high of sugar and the come down of sugar and affecting your mood and I feel like these are things that aren't really discussed or studied as much look look it's it's it's it's important I mean look Eating Disorders are everywhere also right and uh we've been talking about having a dietitian and uh in uh the family center because a lot of people on medication we don't have one but yes absolutely so I asked people to write in some additional questions because obviously I prepare kind of some of the things I want to talk about and someone wrote to me today saying that their brother committed suicide last year and they are struggling with immense guilt um do you have any advice advice or thoughts on this and do you see this even in your own patients families yes and I treat people people like that I cannot give a generic advice the only thing that I want to repeat um and the only thing actually I can say a couple of things one is repeat what I just said is that people won't die by Suicide the an immense pain typically and an immense unbearable pain sometimes chronic pain and the people who feel the guiltiest are usually the one the ones that were the closest and um actually instead of not doing something as they think they actually kept that person alive for the last year or months because they did everything possible otherwise somebody would have killed themselves even sooner if you're not comfortable talking about this we don't have to but you you shared with me the first patient who committed suicide and you said that you had two other patients out of 30 000. did each one affect you kind of in a different way of course yeah and I remember every one of them like vividly you can't you can't forget that I can't tell you uh what our last conversation was I can tell you what the story is I can tell you absolutely everything how I reacted how I talked to their families you don't forget these things terms of someone who has committed suicide that you worked with how do you personally deal with that painful yeah it's a loss I know do you feel like grief and you have to go through it yeah do you talk to other colleagues who work in the space and have dealt with similar things uh yes yeah uh uh and uh particularly and actually more so in the course of our research like there's a my longtime colleague and research and Clinic release a coin I've been working with her for 26 years and um she actually uh talked about people she was two people and uh now she can recognize the syndrome in the same way and she says you know this woman attempted suicide she survived and she denied it she said she had a thought a conscious thought of actually killing herself five seconds before she attempt but she had the syndrome for a week so it just you know we thought we need to be able to talk about this but it's hard it's it's not it's not normal work it's not it's it I mean it's it's there's an element of intimacy and depth and like you're saying you're interested in the human mind and that it's a puzzle um that's how it started but it's more emotionally tax mixing then then I know many other job career choices career paths the initial uh Drive was intellectual but uh not not right now not right now I don't work with uh uh usually with easy patience yeah okay I have colleagues who look at me and say why are you doing this I mean just run an Adderall Clinic you can't they go you prescribe after all them and they pay I mean why are you doing this but that's what I mean it's it's not you're in it for a deeper no I'm not in it for the money no no of course not for anything no no I'm saying you're in it to make a change yes and and for a deeper like emotional reason of a drive in your life yes I mean for meaning for meaning yeah absolutely I would imagine what you're doing is also for meaning definitely well it was so lovely to meet you do you feel like we covered everything is there anything else you would like to tell my listeners hope is there I mean it's treatable okay it's absolutely treatable and preventable and uh you know support our course let's get it into DSM if you or your loved one needs help right now you know where to find me uh and uh you know we'll find a way to help well thank you so much thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattgilbert7347 [2 likes]: I've been passively suicidal since age 11. I'm 53. Now that my immediate family is deceased, there's nothing keeping me here. Never married, no kids (never wanted them). I just don't like human society. I don't like modernity 

I think the recent uptick - the increase since 1990 - is because of austerity and the Polycrisis. We have no hope and no energy. As a species, we're in serious trouble (we might even go extinct in the near-term although I think a mass die-off is more likely) and sensitive people are going to feel this before everyone else.

I actually don't have a lot of the symptoms he describes. Mine is not some overwhelming, uncontrollable, panic-inducing acute crisis. It's more like resignation and a kind of rational despair.
  2. @Rizathecat-h1v [1 likes]: Suicidal people are not lonely. They are lost, they dont like to be here on earth with you people.
  3. @cgbach [1 likes]: I don’t want to die, I just want life to be better
  4. @catherinegeudens4769: Always look for the psychopath who abused and pushed to death behind every suicide
  5. @chilenapromedioRU: Do "average people" really doesn't understand?
I struggle to understand why people chose certain methods, or why people bring children to this world (specially to leave them behind afterwards).
But after certain age it's quite obvious. Yet most of us are too lazy/afraid to fail and end  up worse/still have at least a couple of close family members that we would never hurt.
But the answer of that question it's kind of obvious.
  6. @wedidntstartthefire1: For me it was losing my best friend to drug overdose and the people who raised me (my grandparents) to illness. It has been years and i still crave death everyday. On top of that im in my 30s and have a low paying job so i have nothing really to live for
  7. @8sentience: 7:23-10:05 should be made into a separate clip
  8. @nobodyofimportance3922: What people need to understand is that a lot of people who commit suicide are not (at least openly) mentally ill. A 2018 study by the CDC found that up to 54% of those who attempt and commit suicide show no symptoms of mental illness prior to the act. This leaves us with the uncomfortable realisation that suicide is not the byproduct of abstract mental pathology, it is something else. I would say, it's more the result of a lack of social connection and support than anything wrong with the mind.
  9. @Jay58649: Now way would I tell anyone last place I'm going is a institution or hospital pride way more important
  10. @mariecappart3079: Because we re living in a cruel world where mean people do mean things to good people and it's too much to take
  11. @lamelama12: I want to be the 1 in 11 club but don't want to hurt my daughter a moment in time would change hers for life.
  12. @elenadankova1728: Jesus loves you 
He gave his life for you 
Don’t waste the biggest gift you got 

Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you
  13. @JasonLamai-z7v: Listen to both of you made me more suicidal
  14. @rajusehmi: Plato life is an illusion when you die you live your real life
  15. @seanbarnard8598: 43:12 - watch this dude glitch out when asked what can someone do if they don't have insurance. The US healthcare system is a joke.
  16. @Cricket-d6g1m: I am very close to taking my life, even with family and doctor help still feel broken hearted and the pain is taking me down.
  17. @xViceBeach: 2026 I disassociate all the time. I'm over this reality
  18. @Strongerthenyouthink7: Sexual abuse or a history of it. Trust me, it’s worse than dying. But it must be added to that list of things.
  19. @RichardMaier-i5w: At 79. Having been there and done that Wishing I was never born from a child till now My conclusion is that my suffering and head trips are partaking in the Lord's suffering which I must endure This is written in the Scriptures The road is narrow and few that find it No one is going to be singing and dancing on that road to heaven Your will Lord Jesus Christ do not recycle me AMEN
  20. @dhruvinv1303: I find this explanation of suicidal tendencies absolutely bullshit. Main reasonfor suicide are divorce and poverty

- How To Use Reddit: A Beginners Guide: Kind: captions Language: en - Reddit is one of the most popular sites on the internet, but it can be a beast if you don't know how to use it. Here's how to navigate Reddit and hopefully keep you away from the trolls. So what even is Reddit? Reddit is a website with communities called subreddits where people with similar interests can connect, share, and discuss various topics. Here's how to get started. On your desktop head over to reddit.com, create an account by clicking Log In, then sign up on the homepage, enter your email, choose a username and password and follow the prompts. Heads up, it's always wise to not use your real name or any other identifying information when choosing your screen name. The homepage shows popular posts, trending topics, and popular communities. Popular posts are determined by the number of up votes they receive and will show in order from most-upvoted to least. By using the search bar and dropdown menus, you can explore the vast topics Reddit users post about. Subreddits are marked with r/. Click on any subreddit name above a post to join, or use a search bar to find specific ones. With over 100,000+ subreddits, if you can think of it, there's probably a subreddit for it. Each subreddit has best-practices or rules the community must follow, so make sure you check those out too, especially before you post. To create a post, click on the plus sign at the top right of the homepage, choose a community, add a title, and then the body of your post. Reddit also gives you the option to attach images, videos, links, or polls. Again, make sure to check those rules before posting. And don't forget tags. Adding tags can be useful for spoilers or any not-safe-for-work content as well as brand affiliate posts. Sometimes you'll be given the option to add flair, which essentially acts as a subcategory tag for your post within that subreddit. To encourage posters to contribute valuable posts and comments Reddit has a karma system. When you get upvotes on your posts or comments, it earns you karma, like internet brownie points. Downvotes can tank your score. Essentially, this is like your Reddit reputation. You can check how much karma you have by clicking your avatar. Then View Profile, and you should see both post karma and comment karma listed underneath your username on the right side of the page. Okay, you've got the basics down. Now you're ready to join the Reddit community and start diving into whatever sub piques your interest. Fair warning though, while most subreddits have moderators in place to try and keep the conversation civil, Reddit is pretty notorious for its toxicity, so just do your best to adhere to the guidelines. Be kind and try to keep a level head as you engage.

  Top Comments:
  1. @START-nw7zr [4 likes]: Thank you for the explanation.
  2. @Rajyao [2 likes]: PLEASE CAN SOMEONE EXPLAIN WHY I CAN'T COMMENT AND POST I WANT TO TALK AND HAVE CONVERSATIONS BUT I CAN'T HELP MEEE
  3. @MrBrute-l3x [2 likes]: This is most important for human life
  4. @omar2008-v8d [1 likes]: Reddit users are smarter than I tough.
  5. @mselle66 [1 likes]: 😂 Reddit please is that like What's up mf???😂😂😂😂
  6. @NindyCalista-l7r [1 likes]: This video is so spot on about the strict mod culture. I learned the hard way when my account got instantly banned for accidental self-promotion. I didn't have time to grind for karma again, so I ended up getting an aged account with good karma from DigitalStoreNet. Honestly, it saved me months of effort and was super reliable. Highly recommend them if you need a trustworthy, fast start back into the community!
  7. @BeeHatGuy: It's dogshit
  8. @noorzmn4524: Is it not same as quora😅
  9. @rulnaesafo7936: HIS EYEBROWS.
  10. @IKnowWhoKilledJonBenet-x8v: It's like I woke up to an alternative universe and simply don't understand all these words or how to post even after watching this. So far wasted a lot of time then find out they didn't even post my words.
  11. @SkiKat-USA: A very useful and informative video--Thanks!
  12. @cheayunju: I used reddit for a decade. Can't figure out how to post on r/creepy ㅜㅜ Literally easier to learn how to convert my keyboard to Korean so I can make those sad eyes. ㅜㅜ
  13. @Realpencilanimated: The only thing i came here is why when i add a comment as a:
A
S
D

It will comeout as:
ASD
  14. @dixiefish0173: My account seems to get banned for not following rules & every subreddit has its own rules 😂 for an example you cant both belong to democrats subreddits & republicans subreddits or libertarian subreddits, some of these subreddits have permanently banned me from subreddits for being in the other political groups 😂 very tolerant people not allowing you to have a neutral opinion on politics on many topics lol , why am here to see why thats a thing.
  15. @Mixwell1983: Man I made an account to join subreddits for a new youtube channel for input but it seems each subreddit has their own rules and regs etc etc..

I wanted to link my yt channel for critic but when one says no self promotion so does that count or what? Seeming like a PITA, i may go back to the  old school and look for forums 😂😂
  16. @HelenBiles-o7m: I don't know why I can't post comments on Reddit right now. Is there anyone who can help me solve this issue? Is it because I just registered my Reddit account?:hand-pink-waving:
  17. @Arjun08ac: Thanks
  18. @raywpennjr6862: Riskbreaker01
  19. @KatieKelly860: Does every comment belong to a sub Reddit? Or are some comments just floating out there by themselves? Thanks.
  20. @aigriffin42704: I enjoy Reddit!❤

- How to Use Reddit to Dominate AI Search Rankings in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en-GB In this video, I'm going to show you how you can&nbsp; leverage Reddit engagement to get more visibility&nbsp;&nbsp; in traditional and AI Search, uncover a goldmine&nbsp; of customer pain points and content ideas, and&nbsp;&nbsp; build the kind of goodwill and community around&nbsp; your brand that actually leads to more revenue. Truthfully, there has never been a better&nbsp; time to fold Reddit into your marketing mix. If you've been paying attention to&nbsp; search trends, you know that Google&nbsp;&nbsp; has been boosting Reddit in its results&nbsp; for the better part of the last two years,&nbsp;&nbsp; even inking a formal partnership with them&nbsp; to train their AI models, and Reddit is&nbsp;&nbsp; either the first or second most cited source for&nbsp; queries made in Perplexity, ChatGPT, and Gemini. But most importantly, because Reddit is made up of&nbsp; real people sharing their real life experiences,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s built a reputation of being extremely&nbsp; trustworthy. I think we’ve all added “reddit”&nbsp;&nbsp; to our search queries at one point or&nbsp; another to skip past all the sponsored&nbsp;&nbsp; blog posts and affiliate sites and get&nbsp; real, unfiltered answers to our questions. And yes, Redditors can be brutal sometimes, but&nbsp; if you want to build trust with your community&nbsp;&nbsp; and increase your odds of getting mentioned&nbsp; in AI search, Reddit is the place to be. But, be careful, because engaging on Reddit&nbsp; incorrectly can have detrimental effects on&nbsp;&nbsp; your brand, like when EA attempted to contain&nbsp; a PR disaster on Reddit with a tone-deaf,&nbsp;&nbsp; corporate response, earning them the&nbsp; most downvoted comment in Reddit history. In fact, I don’t even like to call&nbsp; it Reddit “marketing,” because if&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s one thing that Redditors hate,&nbsp; it’s what they lovingly call “corporate&nbsp;&nbsp; shills” seeking to ruin their platform&nbsp; by peddling products and services. But fear not, in this video we’ll cover all the&nbsp; practical ways to engage on Reddit to increase&nbsp;&nbsp; your brand visibility – many of which I'll bet&nbsp; you've never heard of – and I’ll give you one&nbsp;&nbsp; key mindset and phrase that can save you from&nbsp; getting banned or facing a similar fate as EA. The first way to use Reddit&nbsp; doesn't even require you to post&nbsp;&nbsp; anything, and that's mining Reddit for&nbsp; customer pain points and content ideas.&nbsp; Mining Reddit for customer&nbsp; pain points and content ideas&nbsp; Here's how to do it. For this example, I'm&nbsp; going to pretend I'm a marketing director&nbsp;&nbsp; at a company that makes a tool for creating&nbsp; beautiful, high-converting landing pages. The first thing I'm going to do is search Reddit&nbsp; for my core keyword, "landing page builder." From here, I can start to see the kind&nbsp; of sub-reddits that are relevant to my&nbsp;&nbsp; business, such as r/Saas, indiehackers,&nbsp; DigitalMarketing, and more. I recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; creating a free Reddit account and joining&nbsp; these sub-reddits, as it’s a good practice&nbsp;&nbsp; to be aware of these conversations, and&nbsp; eventually join in when you’re ready. Here’s an easy way to find customer pain&nbsp; points and content ideas from Reddit.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go to Google and type in site, colon, reddit&nbsp; dot com, intext: “landing page” intext:”?”,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course replacing “landing page” with&nbsp; your target industry, service, or niche. We’ll put this search operator in the&nbsp; description of this video by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can easily copy and paste it. This will give you a nearly unlimited&nbsp; amount of questions that your customers&nbsp;&nbsp; have that you can either answer&nbsp; directly in the sub-reddit (we’ll&nbsp;&nbsp; get to some best practices for how to&nbsp; do that soon), or turn into content. For example, I can see from this post that a&nbsp; plumber is struggling to understand whether or&nbsp;&nbsp; not they need a complete website or just&nbsp; a landing page to start getting leads. When I Google “landing page vs website,” I see&nbsp; some content from heavy-hitters like Webflow and&nbsp;&nbsp; Unbounce, and I could certainly put my hat in the&nbsp; ring and create my own version of this content,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I could be even more specific&nbsp; and create a post directing targeting&nbsp;&nbsp; whether or not service-based businesses, like&nbsp; plumbers, need a landing page vs. a website. I can take this idea, pop it&nbsp; into Surfer’s content Editor,&nbsp;&nbsp; and start creating content that I know for a&nbsp; fact people in my target audience want to know.&nbsp;&nbsp; And thanks to the Facts feature in the content&nbsp; editor, I can be sure that I’m covering this topic&nbsp;&nbsp; from all angles, which increases the likelihood&nbsp; that it’ll be cited as a source in AI Search. And the best part? Once you’ve written the&nbsp; content, you can shorten it up and post&nbsp;&nbsp; it as a comment on this post to start&nbsp; building goodwill with your audience. Another idea for finding customer pain points is&nbsp; to search Reddit for “[competitor] alternatives.”&nbsp;&nbsp; In my example, I might search “unbounce&nbsp; alternatives.” Sometimes, these posts are&nbsp;&nbsp; from users looking to make a switch, but it’d&nbsp; also be extremely helpful for someone on the&nbsp;&nbsp; Unbounce team, because I basically have a direct&nbsp; pipeline to why some of my customers are unhappy. This can help guide your product decisions, or you&nbsp; can even address issues directly inside the post. Now, be very careful about plugging your product&nbsp; in posts from frustrated users. Seek to add value&nbsp;&nbsp; first, to help them solve their problem, and&nbsp; allow your brand to naturally come up only&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's helpful. We’ll talk more about how to&nbsp; engage gracefully on Reddit later in this video. If there’s one thing both Google and ChatGPT&nbsp; love, it’s topical authority – that is,&nbsp;&nbsp; websites that thoroughly cover a topic,&nbsp; usually with multiple pieces of content,&nbsp;&nbsp; from every conceivable angle, and&nbsp; internally link them all together. That’s actually exactly why Surfer built our&nbsp; Topical Map feature – to visualize these topical&nbsp;&nbsp; authority clusters in a way that simplifies&nbsp; the process and gives you a high-level view&nbsp;&nbsp; at the topics you need to write about in order&nbsp; to be the ultimate authority in your niche. But, shout-out to Jakub for showing me&nbsp; that you can actually use Topical Map&nbsp;&nbsp; to drill into questions your&nbsp; audience is asking on Reddit. Just go into Surfer’s Topical Map and&nbsp; click filters -> Competitors -> and&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure Reddit is the only domain selected. From here, select each main keyword, then the&nbsp; competitors tab, and you can click-through to the&nbsp;&nbsp; specific sub-reddits and figure out the specific&nbsp; questions people are asking, and how you can&nbsp;&nbsp; create content to both answer those questions&nbsp; and create topical authority for your site.&nbsp; “Interview” your audience Reddit is also an excellent&nbsp;&nbsp; place to “interview” your audience. If there’s&nbsp; one thing human beings love talking about, it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; ourselves and our problems, especially on Reddit.&nbsp; If you’re looking to validate a product idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; new features, or just get your fingers on the&nbsp; pulse of your audience’s frustrations, just ask. For example, this post in the r/productivity&nbsp; simply asks what’s the most frustrating or&nbsp;&nbsp; annoying thing you deal with in meetings&nbsp; and what have you done about it? The sub-reddit has over 54 comments and a&nbsp; ton of beefy insights for anyone looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a software solution to&nbsp; help with annoying meetings. For me, I might ask the most relevant&nbsp; sub-reddits a similar question about&nbsp;&nbsp; their frustrations with building out new&nbsp; landing pages or getting leads for their&nbsp;&nbsp; business online. These are also great places to&nbsp; source quotes from real people in the trenches. For example, if I wanted to build a&nbsp; software platform for restauranteurs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I know that Google and AI Search both have&nbsp; high regard for EEAT signals – that’s expertise,&nbsp;&nbsp; experience, authoritativeness and&nbsp; trustworthiness – I don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; time to open up a Cheesecake Factory and&nbsp; immerse myself in the world of food and&nbsp;&nbsp; beverage service until I’m an expert – I have&nbsp; to rely on the expertise of others, and Reddit&nbsp;&nbsp; is a great place to get experiential feedback&nbsp; from people who are actually doing the thing. One last way to “interview” your audience&nbsp; is to invite feedback on your product. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I gotta warn you, this is a bit like&nbsp; asking the entire world to roast you,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it requires a certain amount of&nbsp; chutzpa and isn’t for the faint of heart. To his credit, Tim Soulo, the CMO of Ahrefs,&nbsp;&nbsp; has posted in r/BigSEO asking for feedback&nbsp; on the product every two years for the past&nbsp;&nbsp; decade. Some responses are friendly, some&nbsp; are brutal, and others are harsh but fair. But all of them contain something the company can&nbsp; learn from, and I have no doubt these sorts of&nbsp;&nbsp; community-led feedback sessions have helped guide&nbsp; the trajectory of the software to some degree. Also, doing this is a sneaky way to drop&nbsp; several brand mentions of your product without&nbsp;&nbsp; being spammy, which, as I mentioned earlier,&nbsp; large language models love to cite as sources.&nbsp; Build community with subreddits Another more labor-intensive, but highly rewarding&nbsp;&nbsp; way to utilize Reddit in your marketing mix is to&nbsp; create your own sub-reddit and build a community. This is by far the biggest commitment of any&nbsp; tactic in this video, but the investment can&nbsp;&nbsp; be life-changing for your business. This&nbsp; is not a set-it-and-forget it strategy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but something that requires ongoing cultivation,&nbsp; curation, maintenance and moderation. You’re essentially a community builder.&nbsp; But, as with everything on Reddit,&nbsp;&nbsp; be ready for the good, the bad, and the ugly&nbsp; when it comes to users sharing their opinions. A great example of a company managing a&nbsp; sub-reddit exceptionally well is Zapier.&nbsp;&nbsp; With over 13,000 members, the active community&nbsp; is full of people posting their custom workflows,&nbsp;&nbsp; asking for support, conducting AMAs (that’s&nbsp; ask me anything posts where users are free to&nbsp;&nbsp; ask the Zapier team whatever they want), and just&nbsp; generally sharing best practices for automation. This community has been around since 2014&nbsp; and likely has at least one full-time&nbsp;&nbsp; Zapier employee managing it, so don’t be&nbsp; discouraged if you have to start small&nbsp;&nbsp; and work your way up. Remember the best&nbsp; time to plant a tree is 20 years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; second best time is right now. Reverse-Engineer LLM queries to&nbsp;&nbsp; find relevant sub-reddits Well, let’s step away from&nbsp;&nbsp; the front page of the internet for&nbsp; a second and explore another way to&nbsp;&nbsp; use Reddit to increase our visibility.&nbsp; And that’s reverse engineering large&nbsp;&nbsp; language model queries to find the most&nbsp; relevant Reddit posts to interact with. So for example, let’s say my fictional company&nbsp; is relatively new. Naturally, I want my brand&nbsp;&nbsp; to be cited in the Mount Everest of landing page&nbsp; platforms when someone asks ChatGPT “what are the&nbsp;&nbsp; best landing page builders?” Well, I would&nbsp; start by asking ChatGPT that very question. From here, I can see that this post in&nbsp; r/PPC, posted just a few months ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; sees someone asking for the best landing page&nbsp; builder for paid ads. Now, because ChatGPT is&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly using this as a source, this would be&nbsp; the perfect sub-reddit for me to talk about my&nbsp;&nbsp; company, as that would likely help a lot with&nbsp; getting it mentioned in queries like this. But, as they say, those who forget&nbsp; history are doomed to repeat it,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we have to be careful here, lest&nbsp; we suffer the same tragic fate as EA. That transitions nicely into our next&nbsp; section about how to engage on Reddit&nbsp;&nbsp; in a way that adds value, benefits your&nbsp; company, and doesn’t get you banned or,&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps worse, shamed for being a corporate shill. But before we do, if you want a more&nbsp; systematic way to measure your AI visibility,&nbsp;&nbsp; Surfer’s AI tracker scans Google AI&nbsp; Overviews, Gemini, ChatGPT, Perplexity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other answer engines every 24 hours to&nbsp; log exactly when and how they cite your brand. It rolls those mentions into a&nbsp; single AI Visibility Score and&nbsp;&nbsp; plots historical trend lines so you&nbsp; can see gains or losses at a glance. In short, AI Tracker turns AI search into&nbsp; a measurable channel with KPIs, trends,&nbsp;&nbsp; and workflow-ready actions, so you don’t need&nbsp; to keep manually checking and tracking prompts. So let’s get back to Reddit etiquette&nbsp; – “reddiquette”, if you will. You can think of LinkedIn a bit like Los&nbsp; Angeles, it’s full of people with big,&nbsp;&nbsp; polished smiles, humble-bragging their&nbsp; promotions, flattering their peers in&nbsp;&nbsp; the comments all in an effort to grow their&nbsp; network and accomplish their own interests. Okay, yeah, that’s a pretty cynical take –&nbsp; I get it, I’m on LinkedIn too, we all do it. But Reddit on the other hand is a bit like NYC,&nbsp; people are very direct, often brutally honest,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you know for a fact you’re getting&nbsp; the truth, no false flattery, no BS. Of all the social networks, Reddit is by far the&nbsp; most sensitive to any sort of self-promotion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many sub-reddits have strict rules preventing&nbsp; this, including forbidding any links whatsoever. I know it seems counterintuitive, but&nbsp; the brands who do the best on Reddit&nbsp;&nbsp; seem to take this mindset of contributing massive,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost outrageous levels of value to their&nbsp; community while expecting nothing in return. In fact, Reddit even has a system, called&nbsp; karma, that rewards this kind of behavior. So focus first on solving problems and only&nbsp; mention your product or service when it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; practically inevitable. For example, let’s say&nbsp; a marketing lead for an invoicing platform is&nbsp;&nbsp; struggling with their landing page and posts&nbsp; about it. The conversation might go like this: Person A (OP): “What’s wrong with my landing&nbsp; page? I’m not getting any conversions.” Person B (You): “Hmm, well, it seems you’re&nbsp; not using a benefit-driven headline. Instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of “Welcome to Our Platform,” which is pretty&nbsp; generic, a strong headline should clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; state the main benefit, like “Cut your Invoicing&nbsp; Time in Half - Automate your Billing in Minutes. Also, your sub-headline is basically repeating&nbsp; the headline in longer form. Use this to go&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit more into the mechanics of how your&nbsp; product solves the problem, like “No credit&nbsp;&nbsp; card required – set up in under 60 seconds,&nbsp; even if you’ve never used invoicing software.” Try that out and see if it&nbsp; helps conversions. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you have heatmapping software installed?&nbsp; You know Microsoft Clarity is totally free&nbsp;&nbsp; and can show you where people are&nbsp; clicking or abandoning your page.” Person A (OP): “Wow, thanks! That’s super helpful,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ll try this out. I don’t have Microsoft&nbsp; Clarity installed but I’ll look into that.” Person B (You): “No problem! Yeah I’m actually&nbsp; in the process of building a tool called Landing&nbsp;&nbsp; Page Guru that helps spin up landing pages,&nbsp; so I’m constantly studying landing page best&nbsp;&nbsp; practices. Sometimes I feel like I’m starting to&nbsp; see the world in one big landing page layout.” See how personal that sounds? And&nbsp; notice how I didn’t even mention my&nbsp;&nbsp; software until we were already in a conversation. Also, do me a favor, if you’re&nbsp; getting value out of this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you mind giving it a quick like? It helps&nbsp; a lot with the algorithm and my self-esteem,&nbsp;&nbsp; which we all know is the most important thing. I mentioned in the intro that there’s&nbsp; one phrase that works like a charm to&nbsp;&nbsp; prevent trigger-happy mods from&nbsp; going ban-crazy, and it’s this: “In an effort to add value, here are…” and you&nbsp; fill in the blank with something truly valuable. Here’s a great example: the OP – that’s Reddit&nbsp; lingo for “original poster” – claims to have&nbsp;&nbsp; studied over 100 landing pages and even&nbsp; interviewed indie hackers to come up with&nbsp;&nbsp; the perfect formula for a high-converting&nbsp; page, which he shares in the post content. The result is 98 upvotes and&nbsp; a very active comment section. And after adding tons of value, he links to his&nbsp; tool at the very end. Now, this guy is lucky,&nbsp;&nbsp; because in this subreddit backlinks are allowed.&nbsp; In many, they’re actually a bannable offense,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I would caution you to err on the&nbsp; side of not hyperlinking to your own site,&nbsp;&nbsp; as it doesn’t make a difference when&nbsp; getting cited as a source in AI Search,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many experienced Redditors will sniff&nbsp; that out as a sign of self-promotion. Reddit has had a complicated&nbsp; situationship with Search&nbsp;&nbsp; for many years. First it was&nbsp; seen as an alternative to Google,&nbsp;&nbsp; now it’s being used to train Google’s AI&nbsp; models and blasted all over the first page. So, what do you think? Will Reddit&nbsp; continue to be a major player in AI&nbsp;&nbsp; visibility and traditional search, or will&nbsp; marketers saturate it so completely so as to&nbsp;&nbsp; make it totally unusable for the average&nbsp; Redditor? Let us know in the comments. The heart and soul of Reddit is unfiltered, raw&nbsp; experiences – for brands who play by those rules,&nbsp;&nbsp; the site can be a massive boon, both in terms&nbsp; of community-building and AI search visibility. While engaging on Reddit is directly tied&nbsp; to your performance in both traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Search and AI Search, it’s just&nbsp; one piece of the puzzle when it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes to increasing your brand&nbsp; visibility in the AI Search Era. If you want a full breakdown&nbsp; of how to rank in AI search,&nbsp;&nbsp; be sure to check out this video next.&nbsp; Thanks for watching and happy ranking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StormWolf01 [3 likes]: Good video. Quality info. Thanks.
  2. @NeighborhoodChamber [2 likes]: This guy is incredibly well spoken. A masterpiece.
  3. @dvdh9120 [2 likes]: Ps niche sounds like sheesh, not titch
  4. @Danielle-q1r [2 likes]: Working on this topic for my company, and this was immensely helpful. Thanks!
  5. @UnnaipolOruvan_SidAnand [2 likes]: Thank you <3
  6. @TanmayMahajan-vv4pi [1 likes]: Great video!
  7. @Jadebababu [1 likes]: Do you have a tutorial on how to scrape Reddit questions and comments for free? Thank you!
  8. @boralagency [1 likes]: OMG! I truly find your video honest and super easy to watch and understand, a round of applause for that
  9. @AdefisanEmmanuel-q8w: Hello, 
 Thanks for the vedio, I have a question my question is that you meantioned we should not make content on reddit because redditor can dectet it 

But what if People like me who done have any ideal on how to write a content my self what can we do pls
  10. @buildENVIES: Really enjoyed watching this, the way everything was explained made it very engaging.
  11. @TheHumansInTheLoopAI: Did you come up with the "in an effort to add value..." thing?
  12. @thessksocial: I'm using Reddit everyday morning on (IST) for almost 5 to 10 minutes. So, I have a doubt, can I open my Reddit account (use) 2 times a day morning and evening, 10 10 minutes?
  13. @theDxBear: Every Time i create reddit account it get banned immediately no reason
  14. @Multi-AccountMastery: Solid breakdown of mining Reddit for pain points and AI Search visibility. The "In an effort to add value, here are..." phrase is gold – respects the community while still building authority.

The key insight about Reddit being cited in ChatGPT/Gemini is huge. If you're testing different niches or building out multiple angles, aged accounts from accsmarket let you experiment faster without burning credibility on fresh profiles. Still gotta follow the value-first approach, but at least you're not starting from zero karma.
  15. @EdwinMafoho: This point about Reddit's trust being the source for AI is the whole game. It’s exactly why the old 'Reddit marketing' tactics fail you have to play by the rules. That need for genuine, subtle placements and earned authority is what now dictates LLM optimization success. I heard Red-engage is specializing in securing those trusted placements by mastering the community rules.
  16. @lovol2: Reddit and Google joining force. Sounds like Nintendo and Sega joining force, and we all know why.
  17. @User-of-internet: 'Israels' plan to ocupy gaza.."
  18. @lloydzh26: I dont see reddit when I click on filters..
  19. @invoicera: The queries that appear on reddit are years old...acting upon them would be useful or not?
  20. @musaartgallery1008: I just create an account got banned right away what is this manner ...

- How to EASILY Create NEW Reddit Accounts After IP Ban *SOLVED*: Kind: captions Language: en so your Reddit account's been banned and every time you go to create a new one it just gets banned automatically all right luckily for you the other day someone asked me hey beon how do I create a new Reddit account after an IP ban so in a sec I'm just going to show you how to do it it's real simple okay so as the name suggest you've created a Reddit account but you suspect that the IP address has been banned so every time you code to create another Reddit account on it it just gets banned you got to create another one new emails new everything but it just keeps getting banned now as the name suggests it is stemming from an IP ban now what is an IP address IP address is the internet so it's the Internet Protocol there you go if you can read that inet protocol address so that is your laptop your computer your phone your Wi-Fi it's all the same so whatever you access the internet from that's accessing the internet from an IP address so if you have previously accessed a Reddit account on that IP address and the Reddit account broke the rules so the Reddit account got banned they don't always do it but if they sense that you're trying to get around a ban a ban EV which is another offense in itself then they'll just flat out ban the IP address which means that every time you go to create another Reddit account as long as you're using the same IP address the Reddit account will just get banned it doesn't matter which email address you're using whether you create a new email address whether you're using new photos whatever you're doing it doesn't matter because you said it the IP address has been banned now this is a really simple fix if you can just swap out your IP address then you can go to create another Reddit account cuz the Reddit account doesn't know that you previously used the other IP address you just create a new one create a new redit account on that IP address on the new IP address and then boom you got a red account that's not banned so let's show how to do that and it's called proxy IP address so you've probably seen this word thrown around a lot especially if you've been doing only fans management for a while you've probably seen a lot of videos and that out they talking about proxy IP addresses and you're wondering what the hell are they for well now you know because if your IP address gets banned then you just use a proxy IP address to create the new Reddit account and then you'll have no B now it goes without saying well perhaps maybe I should say it just in case you don't know but if a Reddit account gets banned it is obviously including the email address that was used to create it maybe it doesn't ban photos it's not like dating apps they don't use facial recognition software if you do get banned from photos then what it's from is because you're attempting to join subreddits where a model was banned you've created a new Reddit account using a proxy IP address you've uploaded the same models photos to the Reddit and then when you're going to post to the subreddit on the new models account there's probably some loser mod who is recognizing the model on Sayang and I banned her but they're not there's no facial recognition software or anything like that so you normally do that you normally evade that by just posting to different subreddits for a while so different subreddits for a while all right so when a Reddit account gets banned that includes the email and then just post to some different subreddits for a while if you don't know how to set this up I've made another video you'll need something called a anti detect web browser web browser why because it's anti detect and then when you use an anti detect web browser you create a web browser profile and then you link it to a proxy IP address now if you're not familiar with any of this that's fine I've made a bunch of other YouTube videos showing how to do it just Google Beyond proxy IP address there'll be tutorial videos how to do that but anyway the main reason is to get around a ban evasion to get around an IP ban for a redit account you simply use a proxy IP address a good quality one but I go over that in other videos a new email and then post a different subreddits for a while boom you'll have no posting no Warriors posting to Reddit then you got to warm up the Reddit account that's whole another video in itself you get to warm it up build the cqs the contributed quality score all that stuff that's whole another video this isn't going to be a 2hour pod right this is just a simple video to show you how to create a new red account after night be banned and that's it now if you just want to know how to do this and you want to skip watching the videos and all that and you just want to know how to start making money already then I've got a school below the Supreme leaders Empire join that and I just show you how to do everything I'm there you can talk to me one onone I'm there to answer questions there to help there's a bunch of us in there all smashing it so if you want to skip all the small stuff and you don't want to be a ple watching all the YouTube videos then jump in the community and you can start making money right away so and as usual if you like the video go smash like button smash subscribe button and I'll see you on another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @sourishreddy2487 [3 likes]: I've seen kids comment stuff 100x worse stuff than my worst comment, yet I see them just floating around freely acting like unemployed hobos without getting banned. Yet I'm the one who gets banned for simply praising a rival football player. No matter how many times I report a comment for being vulgar and bannable, it just never happens.
  2. @zeropen0719 [1 likes]: So people can get banned from living on the same household? so if someone gets perma ban that also gets someone else?
  3. @justinlemmers5237: Bro Reddit is so shit, the only social that does this. Owners of Reddit gotta be the most cheesiest smelling mf
  4. @skipscramble5915: I just got banned for hate speech bc I commented on some Israeli medical weed post that it looks like bad weed and I speculated that the genocide is because Palestine has better weed. Reddit doesn’t want us to discuss the genocide, they’re Zionists.
  5. @TilluPandey-b8y3z: Let me talk to to my friends about my favourite novel in peace man😭. Reddit so ass
  6. @sr2291: Fuck Reddit and their stupid rules.
  7. @economieliberale5189: I was permanently banned from Reddit for stating that Islam is a factor in underdevelopment in Muslim countries.
  8. @LudovicaParziale: Bro I got banned for saying I found Elon Musk physically attractive 10 years ago, that South Americans were poorer than Westerners, and that arabs were racist against blacks, then got perma banned because I used another account to interact with those subreddits and forgot I got banned from posting there. And it's a lifetime ban. This is worse than Habbo bans bro, I thought Habbo was being hardcore with its 11 to 25 years bans, but Reddit is straight up banning you for a lifetime for trivial stuff. And I was even being careful with what I said and watched my tone. TF. I'd rather get cyberbullied on Instagram at this point. Even Linkedin is better than Reddit, and I say this unironically.
  9. @S1LLY_SQU3AK_LOV3R-i8u: Yes, but if you don’t press comment! I real banned 😡
  10. @emeraldeyes929: I stood up to corrupt mods and got banned. I reported to admins then got banned again. 
Reddit is run by Dodo birds.
  11. @SuperGothEmoWolfOnYoutube: Thank you bro, saved me.
  12. @GratefulDreamer: dude i got permanently banned on Reddit for no big reason but my 3 accs have been banned 😭 so now can sm1 pls tell me that if i use a new phone ( bcz i was already gonna buy a new one this month) and use proxy i mean proxy ip address as said in the video and obv create another gmail acc in that new phone and also not join the same sub Reddits immediately after creating my account then Is there any chance my account will remain?
  13. @JoeMartinIsKingOfKings: BANNED FOR BAN EVASION MY ORIGINAL OFFENSE WASNT EVEN THAT BAAAADDDDD
  14. @nidhirathore4911: I got banned for BAN EVASION that was completely unintentional and I had commented on the said sub w my alt 6 MONTHS AGO before being banned. I didnt even REMEMBER I was banned from there and just randomly commented once, it was a COMPLETELY harmless comment, to raise awareness against a vile man who was writing hateful shit about women (his acc still exists btw) 

I explained it in the appeal and they didnt relent. Fuck reddit.
  15. @GOATEDrandomdude: i spelt dms in r/teenagerapfans
  16. @viveksingha6115: I got banned because i just wrote the word SLUR ( that too on a meta subreddit)just that word not any actual slurs just that
  17. @JakeBaconDigital: The craziest thing is they delete your post and ban you so when you try to see why you were banned it’s not there lol how convenient.
  18. @averagestudent911: Once I have the reddit account created, using the Anti Detect browser, can I then use the Reddit app on the phone? Or is that not advised?
  19. @hk2read: Aside from the IP ban, they mostly ban the actual device. You can use a VPN or change IP address but they can still detect the device so your model here does not work for most banned users.
  20. @sunnymunda8688: can you also tell me how to make or use proxy for a different IP address and how to do the anti detect web browser thing

- Direct Sales on Reddit: The Ultimate Guide for Creators: Kind: captions Language: en hey y'all it's Ally here with Creator spicy tea and we have ducky today I know I mention her often in the podcast and stuff so she decided to make a guest appearance but I was hoping today that I could share something that's really really important to me and something I'm actually really stupid proud of okay come on let me let me work no okay okay we staying here y'all I've been working on this project for 2 years now it has been months and months of late night research and years of making brutal mistakes I have made the mistakes and I learned the lessons from them and if you don't mind I would really like to just share a little bit with you about the project that I completed finally love story short I just wrote an ebook and that ebook breaks down all of the most important information that someone needs to know when they go into direct selling specifically direct selling adult content on Reddit that's my specialty it's my full-time career and it's what I now have a escort for doing and I just wanted to you're such a distra and I want to share this ebook with you guys I want to share all these resources all this knowledge honestly just so that you can be equipped with everything you need to know so that you can start your journey safely and to try and help keep you a little bit more sane which she is not she is not she's having a mom day I genuinely have the goal to try and help you flourish with this okay go go go go go all right nope nope she's not giving up all right this is going to be a challenge this is going to be a challenge y'all with her anyway y'all know there's countless guide books on running a successful only fans or fans Le page or what have you where are the comprehensive cover everything resources for direct selling I couldn't find them when I started started exploring the world of direct selling for my adult content on Reddit that was my biggest frustration it was the complete lack of a full clear comprehensive guide right I looked and I found so much out there but it wasn't all put together there was no stepbystep blueprint there was no here's how you do X Y and Z and here's how you do it to stay safe and successful there was no manual like that and especially not one that was tailored to Reddit there wasn't one that broke things down step by step with experience and research behind it so you know I kind of I did what anyone would do and has to do when they are faced with a huge I have dog hair all over me now I love her to death but good Lord I did what anyone would do at that point when faced with this huge gap in knowledge and not going to lie far too much downtime I dove in yeah I scoured every corner of the internet I spent countless late nights Googling combing through subreddits doing everything I could to just piece together information but it wasn't easy and there was still even after all of that there was still information that wasn't made clear that we really I really freaking needed the advice I found was scattered across the web and more often than not one piece of advice would contradict the next from what I had available to me when I started so much of it was not backed with like research especially when it came down to the legalities and Logistics of direct selling I am the type of person and I got this from my dad that has always believed if you see a hole fill a hole or less weirdly and less Backwoods country style if you see a gap in your community fill it and that's what I'm trying to do with this eBook The Ultimate Guide to direct selling adult content on Reddit is the result of years of trial and error hard learned lessons hard learned y'all as well as countless long nights researching deep diving and months and months and months of organizing all of that into one 150 plus page resource that's actionable and easy to follow and clear and again research fact so a little about my journey into direct selling if that's okay I stumbled into it after starting my only fans career right about the same time I began realizing that platform was not for me no the slow uploads the restrictive rules y'all know I always complain about this one we can't say nice to meet you are you kidding me like I get it but come on and not to mention those crazy Hefty fees take 20% of my income without providing customer support or protection or security no that left me so frustrated frustated y'all that's kind of when I found direct sales and that frustration with platforms that's what led me to decide to move on and start building something for myself where I was the Own Boss the own judge jury and executioner there so when I first found direct selling on Reddit I had no clue what I was doing no clue I didn't even know what existed okay I didn't know where to begin how to proceed or even if going down this path was going to be profitable or even something worth pursuing I'm going to be upfront y'all I did not even know I needed to be age verifying I didn't know because I didn't know where to look for that information on top of that there's so many contradictory opinions on that today direct sell on Reddit is my full-time career through that Journey I've kind of learned what can work and I have definitely learned what does not work and I've kind of picked up on how to navigate the wild wild world of Reddit and direct sales My overall goal with this book is to help you skip the hard learned lessons by equipping you with knowledge and tools that you really need to succeed from the get-go safely okay so this guide it's not just another resource it's not just another Creator spicy tea resource this is a big girthy girl it is the resource for creators who want to take control of their business get into the crazy world of direct sales maximize your income and minimize your risk whether you're brand new to Reddit you're brand new to direct selling or at this point you're just looking to get a little bit more perspective level up your existing business this guide is packed with actionable strategies that you can Implement at any stage you are in of your journey I'm just going to go through basically what's all in there so you kind of have an idea so in this guide we cover the following topics that are experience based based and research based so the first one the golden rules so these are definitely more experience-based but they are the rules that I based my business practices on and I will not deviate from I base them on all the experience I've had over the years whether with clients or even just purely the logistics of owning your own business and operation and then of course we have a full chapter that breaks down what in the world are direct sales right I didn't even know that was a thing that existed when I started so in this chapter is a link and a QR code to a remastered podcast episode along with the transcript but that's not all because that episode was recorded in 2023 and as we know the industry doesn't slow down and it does not stay still so I did update within that transcript uh with notes reflecting 2024 perspectives so it is up to date on what direct selling is currently and then as I said earlier I did not know we had to age verify so you know we added a chapter of that we go over age verification in depth and how it's non-optional in direct sales we dive into why it's a mandatory step to protect yourself the potential consequences of not the many ways you can and we go over why it's so important to protect yourself legitimacy of your business and your clients the other thing that's pretty mandatory just cuz you're not on platform does not mean the tax man does not want his Cuts so we go through a full chapter on spicy taxes I want you to learn from my hard learned mistakes I made a big big tax mistake my first year it was expensive and I want you you to avoid having that huge expense in that chapter we go over some tips and I provide links and quotes and resources when it comes to filing your taxes now quick note I'm us-based so that information there is us-based then we discuss pricing how in the heck do you price your own spicy content pricing your content I get it it can seem crazy intimidating it was for for me personally at the beginning before I did the research on how do you as a business owner price your goods and services this chapter breaks down step by step how to go about that it's coming from research based it also covers the average Market ranges of I would say the most common sold goods and services for an adult content creator direct selling on Reddit then we go into a journey into physical content so this chapter is actually kind of a diary entry of mine when I started direct selling and it includes real life examples of what we covered in the previous chapter which is pricing your business it covers how I broke down pricing my business step byep for physical STS and it also has my update my one year later update on selling physical content then you know I just spoke a lot about pricing but hey how the hell are we getting paid because there's no platform there's no built-in payment platform when you're direct selling you have to find other options so there are safe ones there are Touch and Go ones and there are ones to never use this chapter is going to go over the most commonly used options in all three of those categories and give you some perspective so you can have a better understanding before you choose then I'm going to tell you about me getting scammed three times for using Amazon wish list don't use it it's not a safe payment or gifting method and there's really serious reasons why but in this resource we break down other Alternatives that are safer and are less likely for you to get scammed and then right this is all being did on Reddit this is where we are doing our direct sales so we go through a big rundown on promoting and selling on Reddit because Reddit is a daunting landscape this chapter is geared to help you get a handle on your promotion strategies and there is also a link and a QR code for a podcast episode there then again we're still in the Reddit era right most individual subreddits especially the good selling ones are going to require you to verify and in this chapter it's going to explain to you that verification process or a generalized verification process step by step by step everything on Reddit right now Reddit seems to be handing out Shadow bands like crazy he's like candy on Halloween they are handing it out and you'll never get a notification if you're Shadow band or most of the time you don't there are only so many ways for us to actually find out for sure and appeal and there are so many practices we can do to prevent that from happening to us and protect our accounts that chapter is going to cover all of that in depth and then while you're on Reddit you're probably going to notice there's some weird words in there there are some weird terminologies people are using that's because Reddit kind of has its own language it's developed its own language in itself and the next chapter is going to go through some of the most common terminologies that you're going to come across speaking of languages standing out in text post can be really difficult especially in your comment menus but we can use reddit's markdown or I should say reddits own language of markdown and we can use that to add personality and we can use it to help us stand out and the next chapter goes in depth on that the next chapter is packed with tools from across the web that adult content creators can use to maximize their performance maximize their earnings and try and make the landscape of Reddit a hell of a lot less bumpy and then on Reddit as you know there is a post section of your profile and a comment section of your profile something not everyone knows is that every single person can get access to that comment section of your profile and see every single comment you've ever made ever this section explains why paying attention to your comment history is so crucially important and we've heard from buyers over and over again that they are looking at that before deciding to go with someone speaking of comments a lot of selling subreddits require you to have a comment menu right so we all know we have our menus but in selling subreddits you need to format them into text and so in the next chap I break down how I format mine to stand out and stick my personality in there the next chapter is all about promotional subreddits there is a list and it's a big list y'all of 100 plus subreddits to promote your content and your brand and they are both safe for work or under PG-13 or not safe for work so PG-13 to up in that resource are also link links to more lists of subreddits speaking of lists of subreddits y'all Community is so important in direct sales it's the only reason I have a lick of sanity left and this section links to a custom feed of Creator help and Creator Community focused subreddits so you can find your community too and then we have gone over the What the how and the why but what about where next chapter 70 plus direct selling subreddits this section lists so many of them including the absolute most prolific and important ones that we really really want to get into the next chapter let's talk about fetish want ads or r/ fetish want ads so that subreddit is the most populated buyer request subred credit which means buyers post there with requests and we answer those requests saying Hey I want that pick me I can do that and hopefully catch that sale so the chapter breaks down all of their confusing rules and clarifies it and simplifies it and then while we are in subreddits like that where buyers are requesting content we need to stand out right and that takes more than just saying hey I'm available right you got to you got to get some personality in there you got to stand out so the next chapter goes in depth on how to write snagging engaging absolute shining fire request responses and then not only are your responses important but your captions to your selling ads are just as important y'all that is the first interaction you are going to have with the potential buyer even though you are not technically interacting and we have heard time and time again buyers say that creative funny witty or some kind of caption like that are way more likely to attract them and so in the next chapter we go ways over to inject personality and your branding into your captions that was a long list y'all my entire goal with this ebook was to help just one person avoid the trials tribulations that I faced and if this book helps one person from a dangerous or a tricky situation or helps a Creator grow their business I'll be thrilled that'll be 2 years well spent yeah all right y'all I'm going to put the link to the book in the description box below she's on Etsy thank you for sitting with me and let me chat about this I'm really proud of it and I really hope it'll help someone anyone all right y'all as always I hope you stay safe I hope you stay sane and God I hope you flourish and also sorry about the chaotic opening I can't tell her no she's the queen of the universe thanks y'all

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaxsonshipp7093 [2 likes]: Aww! Ducky!!!
  2. @cinanom [2 likes]: Ducky is my queen!

- Share Reddit Posts on Facebook Pages | Facebook Reddit: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to P connect in this video we are going to learn how to share Reddit post on Facebook pages suppose I'm running a community on my Reddit account and now I want that as soon as I will post something on that Community automatically the same post should also be shared on my Facebook page so how we are going to automate this entire process for this we will have to integrate both these applications and because they do not have any kind of native integration between them therefore we are going to use fa connect which is an amazing Automation and ation software to connect both of them now here we have Reddit in our trigger and Facebook pages in our action so we are going to connect both of them by using family connect in order to automate this entire process and to learn this entire automation step by step let me take you all to my screen in this video we are going to learn that how can we automatically share our Reddit post on Facebook page now in order to create this automation we will have to integrate Reddit with Facebook pages and that we are going to do with the help of an amazing Automation and integration software P connect this is the homepage of P connect where we can reach directly by typing p.com connect this URL in our browser once we will reach on this homepage we can find two options over here sign in and sign up for free if you are an existing user you can directly click on sign in but if you're a new user you have to click on sign up for free button to create your free new account and also when you will create your account you will get 100 free tasks every month to explore this amazing software and to test multiple automations now as an existing user I'm directly clicking on sign in this is the all app section of PAB where we can find all the products which are offered by P in order to create this automation we are going to use PAB connect so let's click on access now and now it has taken us towards the dashboard of P connect where we can find all of our workflows which we create and we can also create folders here in order to save our workflows as you can find I have two folders here in this test Integrations folder I have saved a lot of workflows in the same manner by creating multiple folders you can save your workflows accordingly Now to create a new workflow we have to click on this create workflow option given on right corner with blue color let's do that and here a dialog box will appear in front of us it is asking us to provide a name to this workflow so let us provide a name over here share Reddit post on Facebook page and now after giving the name we can also select the folder in which we want to save the workflow so from the drop down I'm going to select this test Integrations folder and now we will click on create as we do that we can find that two windows are open in front of us trigger and action what are trigger and actions trigger and actions are the two main concepts are the two main principles on which the entire automation runs here the trigger says when this happen and the action says do things that means the action is the response towards our trigger whatever we are going to select in our trigger is going to command the entire workflow and the actions are going to follow that same command therefore we can have only one trigger in any workflow but we can have multiple actions as we want let's suppose we are going to take Reddit in action and we want that as soon as we will post something on Reddit Community automatically the same post should also be shared on our Facebook page now here we can find that our action is the response towards our trigger because when the post is created on Reddit then only it is shared on Facebook pages now after understanding the concept of trigger and action let's start creating this workflow step by step first of all we will select our trigger application that is Reddit and now we have to select the trigger event trigger event is the event on The Happening of which the workflow is going to start we will simply select new post as our trigger event as we want that whenever a new post will be created on our edit account the workflow should get trigger with that response let's click on connect and now from the given options I'm going to select add new connection to build a new connection with my Reddit account we will click on connect with Reddit and now P connect is asking us for the permission to access our a Reddit account let's click on allow as it is 100% safe with this our authorization has become successful now after building the connection it is asking us the name of the subreddit on which we want to create the post so the name of my subreddit here is history and dates what we are going to do we will simply copy the name from the URL and we will paste it over here in this field it is given in the instructions that if the name of your community or the subreddit is r/ test xyz2 for example then you do not have to include r/ in the name and we have done that same now let's click on Save and send test request but before that but before that let me tell you that Reddit is based on polling time of 10 minutes so P connect is going to check for the new data in Reddit in every 10 minutes now here when we are going to click on Save and S test request we are going to receive the response of the last post which was created in Reddit account that is this history of 14th December so let's click on Save and send test request over here and we have received the response history of 14th December now either we can create a new post and then we can click on Save and send test request button to capture the new response okay so here I'm going to create a new post and then I will click on Save and send test request button let us click on plus sign to create a new post over here let's say history of 15th December let's click on post button to post it and our post is added okay so we will go back towards public connect and now we'll click on Save and send test request to capture the new response and here we have received the response along with the title history of 15th December and the content okay now by using this response we are going to move further and we are going to share the same post on our Facebook page so I'm running a Facebook page with a name as PAB and I want to share my Reddit post on this page so we have to connect the same page with P connect let's move towards our action step and in action application we will select Facebook pages and in the action event we will simply select create page post we will click on connect and now from the given options I going to select add new connection to build a new connection with my Facebook pages account we will click on connect with Facebook pages and our authorization has become successful so because I was already logged into my Facebook account P connect has deducted that and now my authorization has become successful so my Facebook pages is connected with p connect in the same manner you have to keep loging to your applications before making the connection with P connect we will move further and first of all we need to select the page on which we want to create the post from the drop down I'm simply going to select my PAB page and now here we have to enter the message which we want to share in the form of post so we have already received the details of the post in our earlier response so we will simply map the same detail over here what is mapping mapping is inserting the data from our previous step here we can find that our previous step that is RIT is given we will select that and here are all the details first of all we will map the title and then we will map the content so this is the content of the post we have mapped that okay now why we have mapped this data instead of entering it manually because we want that whenever a new post will be created in Reddit and the response of that post will be captured here in P connect the data in this field should get automatically replaced with the new data of that new post but in case if we will enter it manually then it will become Static and it is not going to change with each and every response therefore where ever in the workflow we want that data should get replaced automatically with each response there we map it by using our previous STP and when we want that data should remain same with each and every response there we type it manually and that is called as static mapping now along with the post if you also want to share an image if you have also receive the link URL of the image in your earlier response from Reddit then you can also map it over here but because I'm creating a text post therefore I am ignoring this field we will click on Save and send test request button and we have received the response along with the response we have also received the ID that means the post is created on our P page on Facebook let's go and check on our page and here we will refresh the page once and we can find that yes automatically the post is shared over here with the same title and content of the post which we have recently shared on our Reddit account okay so this means that our workflow is perfectly successful and we have successfully built an integration between Reddit and Facebook pages now we are going to test this workflow once again I'm going to create a new post on my Reddit community and as soon as I will create a new post here on the community automatically without any manual efforts the post will be shared on our Facebook page also so let's create a post over here I will again click on this plus sign and now I'm going to create the post on let's say history of 16th December okay and here I'm going to enter the content so I have entered the content the history of 16th December we'll click on post the post is created over here and as soon as we have created a post post over here after 10 minutes automatically without any manual efforts the same post will be shared on our Facebook page also so let's wait for 10 minutes and yes we can find that after 10 minutes automatically the post is shared on the Facebook page this means that our workflow is running perfectly fine so we will go back towards P connect and we will summarize what we have done here in this workflow so we have taken two simple steps trigger and action in trigger we have taken Reddit and in action we have taken Facebook pages and we have connected both of them by using p reconnect so that whenever a new post will be shared on our Reddit Community automatically the same post will also be shared on our Facebook page so by following the same steps you can very easily create this automation this is going to enable you to automatically share your Reddit post on your Facebook page and with this very easily without any manual offers you can enhance your Reddit Community along with the Facebook page okay so this was it in this video I hope this was helpful for you thank you for watching not only these applications but you can create many other applications by using p connect now if you have any doubt you can directly reach out to us at support atp.com if you want to ask any query you can reach out to us at forum. p.com and if you want to ask any pricing related issue then you can directly reach out to the website given over here now if you find this video helpful in any way do not forget it to share it with your friends and also please like our videos and subscribe our channel to learn more such automations

- How to Handle Criticism as a Content Creator Without Burning Out: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, hello, hello, and welcome on back to Creator Spicy Tea. And today is a very fun day, but it's also a very serious day. So today we're going in depth on the topic of criticism, critique, and how we as adult content creators are likely to experience receiving that and how the mother truck to handle it when we do. We're going to focus in today on our personal experiences and some of the importance behind maintaining professionalism throughout receiving critique. But y'all, when going into this episode, we knew that it was going to end up being a big juicy honk of a chunker. So, we decided we were just going to chop her in half. Next month, we're going to be covering the other half of this where we will be focusing on the importance of asserting our boundaries. um getting ourselves heard and maintaining our mental health throughout receiving critique and criticism. We do have a guest with us today. We have the lovely, lovely Casey, who y'all at this point, uh do we keep calling her a guest or is she a co-host by now? Cuz she's been here a minute or 10. Casey and I are each going to be asking each other questions, but we'll both be answering those questions. So, what do you guys say? I stop rambling. We sit down. We get cozy. Pull out that blanket if it's cold enough where you are. Grab that tea if you got it so we can spill it. And let's dig into it. [Music] Can we all get a big huge hello to Miss Lovely Casey? Welcome. Welcome, beautiful girl. We're happy to have you. >> Hi. is back. >> Yay. Yay. And I was gonna say if you wanted, we can just dive into it because we are This is going to probably be a juicy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of an episode. So, >> I'm so ready. I'm ready to spill the tea. You know what I mean? That spicy tea. >> Fired. I love it. Perfect. Love it. If you want to start us off with the very first question, you can throw it out and we'll dig into it. >> And just for everyone here, I'm not looking at my phone for other things. I have the questions on my phone. Um, I'm paying attention. >> She's lying. She's texting. >> How could you say that to me? But our first question >> and I think is starting off in the ju like you organize these questions and you start off with some really juicy ones. Um, but I do want to start out with cuz this is a whole video about criticism. What do we consider criticism? >> Mhm. Yeah. For me, criticism is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can learn from, right? So, it's someone saying, "Hey, like I really liked X, Y, and Z, but when we got to, you know, double A, the issue was this." Like, you can learn from that. But if it's like this was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and your entire content is trash, that is not criticism. That is just a disrespectful posos. >> Y >> but if it's like you can build from >> like structured feedback is my thought process. >> Like it's going to be doesn't have to always be a positive. Like there might be some negatives in there for you to learn from, but all in all it's something that you can learn from. >> Yeah. >> Right. It's not some POS going out there just to be a POS. And it also depends on how it's said, the tone of it. It depends on like where it's said because sometimes it's privately to you or versus a public forum where you can kind of get like a h did you mean this? Oh, this way or this way? You know what I mean? So criticism to me can help you, should be there to help you, and not to just pull you down. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Like cuz it's like this balance between a client just saying, you know, I really didn't like this. Like, okay, thanks. Sorry, that sucks. And between that and them saying, hey, you know, I really wish the lighting would have been better. It's like I could fix that. I could do that. >> That's a fixable. >> I think that's >> I think that's a difference is you know when people say okay if you want to point out something about someone can they fix it in 5 seconds or is it going to take them years and money to fix? Do you point that out? >> You point out the 5-second one because it's a fixable. But you don't point out the one that is not really a fixable. So to me, the difference of Christmas is like, "Hey, lighting versus I know I booked you, but I really hate like how small your tits are. Could you make them bigger for me?" >> Yes, that that is a really good way to put it. Like is it something you can build from or is it just >> noise? Just >> Yeah. Mhm. And as creators, especially when we're doing this and it's our livelihoods, it is we're selling ourselves, we're putting that out there, we have to learn to differentiate between what can we learn from and what do we kind of put the silencer on a little bit >> because we can't take that to heart. >> Often because that will start to dig at you. You know what I mean? There's a difference in learning and then having it consume you. >> Yeah, exactly. And it also matters who it comes from. So like the commenter, the commenters under my post saying, "Eat a cheeseburger." Like that's not criticism. That's a dumbass, you know? But like a buyer who has criticism like, "Hey, it seemed like that outfit didn't quite fit right. I could fix that. I could fix that." Like it's and it's huge. is is it something you can build from and is it someone whose opinion matters? >> The I think those are the two keys here for defining criticism in our >> video today. >> Yeah, I agree. I agree. Have you received it? >> Yeah, it's okay. >> Have you ever got criticism? Like what was the worst the gnarliest one? Do you remember any of it? So, I honestly don't think I've gotten gnarly criticism. The most I've gotten because I am so very very detail oriented when it comes to customs, when it comes to cams. Um, I ask a lot of questions, which I think should be rule number one >> in this is don't be afraid to ask questions. >> Yeah. When someone is paying luxury prices for a luxury service, don't be afraid to ask questions to make sure they get a quality outcome. Right. >> Absolutely. >> And one of mine is I had like a very detailed customer. They had a whole story board. They had like from one to two minutes I want this. I need you to say this exact phrase. And that's fine. I am not an actress. I'm so sorry. like did not get a golden girl, you know what I mean? So, like I forget some things. I I add words in there, right? I improv sometimes if I can't get exactly right. And my biggest one was I missed like a whole section of what this guy wanted. >> Um, just because I was trying to go off of like memory and like from what I read. And it I will say it does get iffy when they want like same day turnaround. There's a reason why I have a week turnaround. >> Right. It gives me time to prep especially for big boys like that. >> Um this one was a pretty quick turnaround. Um not saying that that's the like not making excuses for that but it was and it was a very detailed one. Right. So even actors have weeks to months to memorize scripts. >> Right. And did not get that. So for the most part I hit every line, but I missed one big chunk. And I did not realize that when going back to edit. >> They watched it. They caught it. >> They weren't even rude about it. They were just like, "Hey, you missed this. Can we fix it? Can we re-record it?" And I was like, Yes, let me get that. And we basically came to the conclusion that I could just record it, >> edit it into the space that it was supposed to be. And it was so nice. Even the cuts didn't seem cuddy. You know what I mean? >> And he was very he was so happy with the outcome of that. But that could have went a completely different way depending on how I handled the situation, how we communicated back and forth if I just dropped it and then said I'm never talking to this person again. >> Um cuz there are some creators who literally will drop I gave you it. I delivered the goods. I'm never talking to you again. No, I always ask for feedback. Even if they don't message me back, I'm like, hey, what' you think about that? Any uh physical sales? Hey, did you get them? What' you think? >> Any customs? You good? And that's also how you slide in there and get that review, too. >> You get that upsale as well, even from a negative review. >> Oh, there's so many there are so many things you can do with criticism >> and that is why we are here is like that is a part of being a saleserson. >> Yeah. is you get that criticism, how can you flip it? >> Yeah, that's actually literally the next question. Can you share an example where a professional response to criticism turned a dissatisfied client into a repeat customer? So like, yeah, I'll miss little tiny details that are very big for them because what seems like this tiny detail for me is actually this huge portion for them. And if that's not fully communicated clearly, then you know it's a little bit tricky, but it's still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we got to nail out. That's our job. And so I do remember one time, okay, had a customer come and he wanted name use. Now, I did not understand the extent of the name use they wanted. They had intended it to be at least spoken two to three times every 30 seconds within a 20 minute long video. Okay, so that doesn't flow naturally. So that's not what happened. But they said, you know, hey, that's actually was like pretty important. Like I really want it said a lot a lot. Like it was never specifically designated a certain amount. You know what I mean? They just wanted it a lot. And so I'm like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] honey. You know what? You're right. I should have said it more often. I should have. You're right. Do you think for our next one I should make that note and pin this in our DMs so it doesn't get forgotten next time? Next custom, two days later. Yeah, you can absolutely take pissed off or upset or dissatisfaction and turn it into, well, now we know for next time. Have you ever done something similar? >> That's so hot. That's so hot. I see. I'm You're smart with that. And I think that's the two versions of this that we can talk about cuz I'm more of the person that's like, "Hey, how can we fix it right now? Can I redo this? Can I do this? Especially if it's a short custom. Um, I don't mind redoing it. Um, especially if it's something that's like it's on me. >> I definitely don't mind doing that. I would rather have that positive sale, that positive feedback right then um, than hope for the next one, right? But you still need to be able to have that in your back pocket. Cuz I think both approaches, depending on the buyer, depending on the situation, are so important. Cuz there are some people that I know you can just tell tell once you've been doing this for a while who's going to be a repeat and who's a one and done. >> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You started to get catch that easy, huh? >> You you catch that. So you know kind of which which avenue to take on that whether it's like a okay let's get this positive and be like yeah babe I don't mind redoing this for you but like if you do like this second one why don't you drop a little review if you're feeling up to it. >> Yeah. Oh that's cute. I like that. >> That's that way you take care of it. they get the feeling of like, oh my god, she actually cares about this and that's going to lead to a positive review even and say, "Hey, I'm giving her a five star review. Wasn't right the first time, but she went above and beyond the second time and got it perfect." >> Honestly, that's exactly what I was thinking, too, cuz like I'd rather have that for a review than just a glowing five star if the situation included a hiccup. I want it known that I fixed that damn hiccup right away. Like that's a really good point. >> That's a really good point because that's gonna tell future customers, like future potential clients, like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even if it ain't perfect, she still got my back. I Yeah, I love that. I love that. >> So, the next question I have for you, how did you avoid reacting defensively in the moment to criticism? Yeah, because that's actually a hard question because I get that feeling of wanting to just be like, "Fuck you. I just worked for two hours on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you're not happy because of this one detail." But it's like totally separate yourself from that. And let's say you have your wedding photographer come, right? And they leave out, you know, just this simple detail of your groom, not in any of the photos, right? like what seems like small details. >> You're like, "It's so simple. The groove is gone. Every single >> It's like it seems like these simple details are just so small and it's like why do you care so much?" But it's like for that person, no, that's not small. This actually matters and they spent a lot of money to get this cuz if you're getting a custom from me, you could be looking at anywhere from like 14 to 20 plus dollars a minute. That's a lot of money for a lot of people. And >> I love your prices. Gets me going every single time. Woman who knows her worth. >> No. >> Sometimes heavy on this sometimes. >> Felt felt. But in my mind, it's just compartmentalizing. So taking away the you're insulting my art or criticizing my art and instead going >> okay this happened in this interaction how do I learn from it translate it to never happen again what do I do now moving forward so I don't necessarily like I take in the criticism I absorb it and I immediately am like okay well that happened I forgive you me now it's time to figure out how to make sure we don't get in this spot again. You know, >> I think that's a very important spot too that we need to put like a big big bold is I forgive me or like it's okay. >> I made that mistake. >> Because it's going to happen. We're human. >> We're just we're just out here being little humans. You know what I mean? It's going to happen. And even if you don't want it to happen again, it's probably going to happen again. It's it's a fact of life, right? And it shouldn't weigh us down. Like I've had this problem for a while where like I take every small mistake and I'm like, "Oh, that's a hit on my person. That's a hit to me. I'm I'm not A, B, C, and D. This is what happened." And it's not. It's especially if the quality comes out to what you want, mistakes happen. I literally watched today where it was like, "Why do pencils have erasers?" >> I like that. A >> That's cute. >> So that Why can you edit things? Why can you add things? Like you're able to do Don't go into it thinking like uh like I mess up. I mess up. Like go into it with your quality, with what you want to put out. But if it happens, babe, it happens. >> Hey, that's that's it. It happens. Using this this video, these talks, these opinions, your own voice, cuz you know you you know your quality. Decide what you want to do from there. >> And a big thing is, and I'm quoting Hamilton here. Okay, I'm gonna quote Hamilton. Everyone ready? Take a break. If you're getting so focused on this one one little mess up to me that says take a breath, think about it, come back to it. Do not respond in the heat of the moment, especially with a client or with a buyer. >> Do not respond in the heat of the moment. even if they are bum holes. Okay, take a break. Take a moment. Think about what you want to say >> and how you want to come across. My rule is think about it if you posted that somewhere. >> Yes. >> Would you want that to be read by other people? >> Yeah. other people in your community, other buyers, other clients, would you want that to be read? >> That's a really good point. It's like um that's something that sits in my brain [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screenshots exist. >> Mhm. I as a moderator um for so many communities and all that, I see all these conversations like I see the scam reports come in. I see the interactions that creators and buyers have when there is dissatisfaction and sometimes it blows my mind. It's like you too, how do you not understand screenshots exist? People are reading this. As private as our conversations are, once a complication becomes a goddamn issue, there is no more privacy and that needs to be understood. >> Um, and I know that's like a really hard way to put it. >> People talk too spreading it. >> Buyers talk. Like I feel like there's this thing that we do not like some like some people do not think about but like the same way like sellers talk buyers talk. >> Yeah. There are buyers groups. Yeah. >> And if they have a bad what's the word? interaction with someone the same way they would have a good interaction. They're talking. >> Yeah. And I don't blame them. I mean, it's it's the same as it's the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing because we have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] interaction with the buyer. We're like, you're just gonna want to blacklist this person. >> I can't show you all the details, but you're going to want to blacklist this person. And the same thing is happening. >> Mhm. >> Same thing. And it's also so important to always remember just because you finished the like sale itself does not mean you are no longer in customer service role. you are in that role >> every single second you are communicating with a client and I have to remember that too because it's so easy it's so easy to want to just be like okay why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think I care but no I do because I can grow from it I can evolve from it and I can improve from it. >> Yep. And I think those are really big things that we need to think about just from a business perspective >> because we are a small business, >> right? And think about how many small businesses have those QR codes to leave a Google review, have like, hey, can we get your feedback on this? Like we want this. Think about how important that is to small businesses and put yourself in that small business mindset. >> Yeah. Yeah. CEO, president mindset, managing member. That's all you got to keep in your brain at all times. And I do that when I'm having interaction with someone like that. I have a script. I have a script in my brain for when someone says, "Oh, I wasn't happy with that." It's always like, "Shit, honey. You know what? I'm so sorry. You know what? I want to make sure we fix this. How are you and I going to fix this together? >> And you always That is a key point right there. That's marketing 101, baby. Always use together. >> You are a team in this. Remember that. >> People react so much better to like it's a we thing. How are we going to fix this? What can we do? >> Yeah. Just like in a relationship, it's you and your partner versus the problem. In a like client provider relationship, it is you and your client versus the problem. It should never be you versus your client. Do you have like a script or a routine you go to if that happens? >> So, I don't know if it's a script because I I tailor mine to each person in a way where it's like what have we built up? Like, is it a quick one and done? Is it a um like a longtime person type of thing? Like it depends on that. For me, it depends on if it's on like a fan site versus um direct sales because that's two different things for me. Cuz if I'm just posting stuff and someone's like, "Hey, I'm commenting on this." That's that's like a I have to take it with a grain of salt, right? Because like I'm posting what I want and what I feel comfortable posting in that moment. >> I like fan sites because people come, they find they find me >> and they like what I'm doing. Whereas in direct sales, I find I I more or less find them, right? You answer things, you looking out, you're putting yourself out there and like, yeah, some people come to you, but for the most part, like I'm actively on the floor, right? Whereas on a fan site, I'm just posting. That's my little diary wall. You know what I mean? This is what I wanted to share. >> So that's also depending on where your focus is, how you're going to take that criticism and how you're going to reply to that because one could be like, >> "Well, damn, babe. I'll think about that next time, but I really enjoy the content I put out and I hope you do, too." Versus, "Hey, babe. I see your point. How can we fix this? what's going on. I definitely want to validate you in what you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thinking, but what can we do next? >> Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I like that cuz that that makes a really good point cuz like the private verse public criticism, let's say it's public or private and it's both a client and you need to listen to it. Like how you present yourself privately needs to still be how you present yourself publicly. It should be customer service in both places because privately you prevent the public from happening. But if you're in the public complaints area, then you need to not at that point you are not just responding to that client. you are responding to every potential future client that could could ever come to you because that is there forever. You can delete that. You can delete your comments. You can hide as much as you want. You can get as much taken down as possible. Guess what? You could still get it back. You could still see that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You would completely delete a post off Reddit. I can get that back in like 5 minutes. >> Say it's not even like if you think that's gone too, but eyes have already seen it. As soon as you post it, eyes have already seen it. People are probably already talking. So even if you delete it, someone's going to be like, >> "Oh yeah, I heard about them." >> Didn't they have that post that I saw? >> And that sprinkles a little bit of like, "Oh, should I work with them?" >> Yeah. It's doubt. It gives doubt. It gives reason to say no. You never want to give someone a reason to say no. >> Yep. But in this, I do also want to reiterate that like that doesn't mean you can't stand up for yourself. That doesn't mean that you can't have like a conversation even if it's like leaning towards like, hey, this doesn't really fit. Like I said with the fansly thing, can I say fansly? >> Okay. I I'm primarily on fansly. We all know that. Like I said with the Facebook, like I've had people come up and say that they didn't like my content even though they were subbed and I'm just posting what I want to post because this is my space. That's not valid criticism. Now, should I still handle that in a way that is customer servicey even though that's hard? Yes. Thanks for that, babe. I'll take that into consideration. I hope you enjoy my page. >> Yeah, >> that's it. Short, sweet, to the point. >> there are ways >> to stand up for yourself, to not give into that, and to still be that strong, independent person and put out the art you want to put out. >> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So, like, okay, let's say someone comes in like critiques you and criticizes you. like you just said there are ways to defend yourself. So let's say a client is critiquing you. Do you find it important to defend or explain or any of that or do you just keep it like short and tight? So I do explain quite often. I will if I have a fan going I'm like I'm so sorry babe. It's burning up in my room. I tried to noise cancel that as best I could. I really put my time into this. Um, but it's when you're doing the things we do, you got to have a fan going, right? Or even um I think I had one person um comment on like my quality of my video. Now I was like, okay, this was a this was a sly one. I was like, damn, babe, you're so right. You know what would have improved that? If I just had better lighting so I can get that crisp look. You should uh look at my throne real quick. >> Did it work? >> She's hot. She's hot. I love that. >> God damn. >> Um I had a friend I had a friend one time and this is for even the So like keep in mind keep in mind I want to flatten this out, right? That any any critique if it's a critique can be turned into a sale. My friend got a message where the person said, "Eat a hamburger." She said, "I will if you buy me one." You know who got dinner that night? >> Stop it. >> I'm not joking. >> God, I did everything wrong when people were saying that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me. Do you know how many cheeseburgers I could have got? Damn it. But that's how you can turn any cuz they're already going to be an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? You say that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] either they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ghost or you get a hamburger. Either way, I'm good. >> Oh, that's smart. >> That's smart for me. >> I do that with everyone who tells me to lose weight. Buy my gym membership. I have it on my throne. You can buy me a month. You You want me to lose weight? Pay for a month of my gym membership. >> Legitimately use use what the negative commenters and negative critiquers. Even if it's not good criticism, you know that's not good. I'm happy with how I am. I'm Gucci, but I do go to the gym. I want that paid for. You want information about my body, >> pay for it. >> Money where your mouth is. I like that. >> I like that a lot. God, that's smart as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Okay, the next question. I really like this one and I have a probably a longer story for it, but I'll ask you. Have you ever improved your content or customer service because of a critique that at first you were like no two? So yes, yes I have. There have been some where it was the way I was filming. So when I first started, I always filmed portrait mode. I filmed with lots of like filters on there cuz I was so nervous. Um I didn't have great lighting so it was like kind of staticky and like a few of my customs at the beginning were like hey like the content was good but the medium in which I got the content not great. >> Mhm. And I was like, "Okay, so to me, as a business owner, you have to invest back into your business." That told me, I have enough outfits. I have enough toys. >> What do I need to get equip? Let's Let's look at my equipment. Let's see how we can grow. I now have a giant tattooist light because that's what worked for me. >> I have two different ring lights because that's what worked for me. I invested back into my business to get the type of lighting that makes me look good. Like I look kind of look great and I'm not filtered right now, but >> she does. She does. She does. >> So, but like it's a lot of things can be can be fixed with that and you can do it on a budget. You should invest into your own business and it doesn't have to be that much. And if you're okay with Amazon, I know some people aren't. Amazon Prime Day is coming up. or should already pass by the time this goes out. Um, >> it'll be >> Yeah, it'll be passed by the time this goes out, but watch for Prime Days. >> Put stuff on the wish list you want. >> Check the pricing, the rise and fall. Find it where it's the cheapest. Go for it. There are so many different links on Pinterest, on lemonade, on things like that that you can do your research and find cheap alternatives to add to your store when especially if it's like the quality of your your content like your media, right? Not the actual content, but how you're giving how you're giving that media >> because most phones are good cameras nowadays. That's not the issue. It's the temperament of the space. >> Yeah. And we just on CST on the YouTube channel and the Patreon itself did a huge resource on lighting and where to find good lights. And if you are on that Patreon, I even linked where all my lights specifically came from. And my cheapest one is $30 and she's right here. And she is the only reason you can see me cuz this is the brightest mother trucker I have ever met. She's not even at full power. >> Oh, I love good lighting. >> I know. I know. No, that that does make sense though that first when you first hear, "Hey, your lighting's not so great." I mean, honestly, you were just lucky you were given that critique straight like straight forward cuz I wasn't. And I had one single ring light doing all the work for like 6 months until I looked at my stuff and I'm like, "This can't be right." Right? Everyone else's looks clearer. So, you're so lucky you got my experience with it. I had to sit for a while and accept that I wanted to listen to it because it was about my rates, about my money, about how I priced my >> And it was an offhanded comment. It wasn't even a direct critique, but it sat inside me. And they they were asking about my different services, and I was telling them, and they're like, "Well, how much is it?" I was like, "You know what? Let me just put my menu here." And I did. And in the moment I regretted that, but now I'm very glad it happened because they were looking at it and they're like, "Okay, so I'm a pricing strategist. Um, your rates, what the hell?" Like, "Were you stoned when you wrote these?" Yeah, but shut up. They're like, "None of it is, none of it makes sense with each other." And I was like, "Okay, well, thanks for your info. Like, thanks. Don't care." And then I sat with it for a couple days and I'm like looking at my menu. I'm like, none of this makes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. None of this makes sense with each other. And so I spent another 3 days after that completely restructuring and repricing my menu. And now it all makes sense. And I've never had a complaint or a comment or anything like that. And you know what? In doing all that, it made it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easier for me because now [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has like it makes sense, you know? But I I got that feeling of like, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you prisoning strategist? >> And and that's that with me. And so in response to it, I was like, "Okay, well, thanks for letting me know." And on the inside, I'm like, "Okay, go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself." And now, you know, however much later, I'm like, "Thank God that person said something. Thank God because you know what? It was disjointed. It made no sense. And now it's cohesive." And I I appreciate that critique even if it wasn't direct critique. >> That turns me on cuz now I want to go redo my menu. Um, thank you for that. Like that. Like I was already tempted. I was looking at it. I was like, "How can I fix this?" Um, now that that just makes me want to go fix it more because like that is a really important spot. Like I I don't know. I know it's a little bit of thing, but like small little bits of your brand, >> whether it's the pricing, whether it is how your menu looks, where you put your menu, those are all so important to being a open shop for people to come and shop in. >> Yeah. you know, like it's so important. And I change my menus like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seasons change. Um cuz I go through so many different brands where I'm like, I would be this girl day. I would be this girl a day. But it's important. Um and uh that critique I think was was one of those critiques where we said, "Okay, you can change your menu, right? They pointed that out. That's a changeable thing. You took that and at first you were like, "Nah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you." >> Sat with it. Like we said, don't just react in the moment. >> Sit and breathe. Think about it. And now look at you. You're making I believe just complimented you on knowing your worth, baby. >> Fact. And I'm going to slide in some promo. Uh, coming up on the Patreon, we are going to be seeing a new resource come out on using sales psychology throughout the entirety of designing your menu. So, that's coming out soon. So, that should be really awesome. All right, you guys. So, we are sitting at 40 minutes of recording time, which is probably going to equate to about 35 of. So, we're going to pause here and we're going to pick this up again in our next episode where we're going to cover things like how to maintain client relationships and how to shift the perspective on criticism in general. So, can we all say thank you and we love you, Casey? And she's going to hop off and I'll close us out. Thank you. >> Right you guys, I want to thank you so much for sitting with us for this first portion of this um podcast recording episode one in the series that is apparently happening. Uh we both appreciate the ever loving hell out of you. And you know, criticism is not fun. It's not something anyone wants to ever hear, but I've found in my own experiences that criticism has kind of helped me build my company. Um, and it's necessary. It's something worth listening to. All right, y'all. We're going to close it out here. Thank you one last time to Miss Casey. We will be seeing her again very shortly after this to finish up this episode together. We hope you are all safe. We hope you are all so sane. We hope you're thriving.

- QTCinderella Thanks Fansly For HasanAbi: Kind: captions Language: en this year pretty exciting they're the reason we could afford anything the sun wants the only way I could afford it so I made sure we got a sponsor thank you fancy thank you very much it's an easy one you know what I mean big

- Why I Hate OnlyFans (Rant): Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys it's destructoyer and today got yourselves a little red on only hoes only fans you know whatever you want to call it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this disgusting like degenerate site let's get into this you know when it comes to only fans it's literally just the easiest way for women to get money like seriously and for some like you know lip [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going oh you just don't want women to have words oh this and that blah blah shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up all right it is like too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easy all you need to do is just put butthole picks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like cosplay garbage or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you can just have like the most tame ass like Instagram [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and all only fans and you can like rake in like a good couple hundred K it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane it has enabled women instead of like actually trying to be hard work and trying to be like oh you know trying to be equal to the men you know which I thought that's what women wanted you know they want to be treated like men you know at least be respected as such no like you just do the sexual degenerate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like nah that's just the easy way because women want things to be on easy mode or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at least these only fans type creators at least those types of people who have that mindset that's what they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] want and this and the thing is when when you look at only fans and how it's supposed to be like oh you basically have to pay the woman for like your their attention and all this and that and it was like this like you know terrible like bad system idea because this is a dumb system on on paper you know that's why this works it's because the people are that down bad and lonely because you know a lot of men are you know spineless whims they didn't have fathers they don't exactly have a good role model they're just like you know they're coomers they're porn addicts like these people are just down bad I mean these people were like normal guys the only fans would be like a minority like little like weird thing on the internet it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like weird people were like cover it'd be like a local section with Chris Chan or like Jared Genesis or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or cyrex that's what only fans really would be if there wasn't so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like little simps and all this stuff it's honestly the truth they stick take away you know these weird Sims these only famous girls have nothing and be working at [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] McDonald's where they belong and well let's just be honest there it requires zero Talent either one of those people's like oh only fans like takes Talent with this and that or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill yourself now seriously you're stupid there's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Talent just showing off your nudity like it's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] art it's just disgusting okay like it just tells me you're an insecure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because a lot of these only famous people they have mental issues okay they're just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] horse face a Nissa okay let's just be honest here that's what only fans is there's just no telling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know it doesn't require talent to show off your fake tits you know you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fake like ghetto ass or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all your disgusting tattoos and being in sexually provocative positions and yada yada yada like it doesn't take any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talent and the thing is I find hilarious that there's actually people that date only fans girls and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over there like people like them like you are a down bad and you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser these are the type of people think oh sex work is actually like good or whatever but I'll get into that in a little bit and I find it hilarious that these only fans girls have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] egos like they have like huge ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Eagles like they actually deserve [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like they're hot [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looking at their ends just because like they post like Instagram thirst trap photos like bro you're not hot [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my dude you're just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like bimbo [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay who has like you know barely the average IQ to know like what's going on in life you're not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean like seriously look at this example this garbage my name is Jubilee I am 25 and I do have only fans how long you've been doing that just about like two months what got you into it I lost my grandpa he's very close to me I kind of want to go with his legacy and I kind of want to do it for him wait a minute you want to do only fans to honor your grandfather's Legacy was he like a corn star or something no it's kind of like um I've been wanting to kind of like keep his legacy going that'll be my legacy I don't know if I just misheard you you said that you are I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah can you say it again can you explain how you're honoring your grade yeah so he didn't make much money that's like a way that I thought would help out wow you said he passed away yeah I passed away but so help him out beyond the grave I'm just confused he was you said he was a minister yeah so he done like weddings funerals et cetera et cetera let me get this straight you started in only fans to pay homage to your now deceased grandfather who was a religious man and Minister that doesn't make sense I think your grandfather do you think he would approve the only fans do you think he would disapprove I think he was you mentioned uh that you don't want to bring shame on your family do you think it might possibly bring shame on them to do nude stuff what do you think I don't think I think so if I go deep down into my mom's about it she might be open to it she's a really cool mom so is your dad still in the picture I've never met my dad never met my dad makes sense now sorry to hear that okay handle myself sure okay moving on you also do content correct oh man the ego like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they think they're actually tense like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] world like you might as well be standing on the Russia Ops crying out here you're a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah that's pretty much you guys are like honestly the ego is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you clearly did not get slapped around as a kid you were enabled for your bad behavior because you have shitty parents anyway speaking of offshoot sights or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes let's talk about Fancy and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so fancy and all this is the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] difference they're all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] same honestly there's not one goddarn difference between like only fans fansley or porn up or anything they're all the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they all deserve equally zero respect let's just be honest it's the same transaction for like bansley and all that you pay this woman like to do whatever you want so you can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jerk off and be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coomerass loser because you have nothing going on your life because for some reason you don't want to develop social skills or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like bro that is what it is you're staying on Discord all day jerking off the porn because you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loser that's what this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is so moving on when it comes to this only fans and her sex work stuff it's not real work okay it takes no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Talent literally if I wanted to if I was ripped I can literally just sell myself on only fans so that people can like can see my dick or my balls and my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] body and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that and I bet a lot of women would probably pay for that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay there's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Talent what it is okay all you need to do is take your clothes off wow such great talent such empowerment yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is not real work and the people that say are that is real work these are not people you should be taking seriously in the first place and these are people who are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] losers okay these are like the Geeks of the world okay these are the people that are just straight up facts they just look like you know in closet pedophiles like idubbbz or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's what it is honestly and that's just a fact the hilarious thing about this when it comes to these only fans girls is well even the only fans hoes themselves know that their fans suck and what I mean by that is that they know that their fan something that was socially awkward like weirdos who never really talked to people much outside their internet circles granted instead of helping them you know with their money they get it's like no they're just gonna keep like exploiting them because they know they're a bunch of cruel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they don't care and that's just a sad thing look at this clip right now from amaranth as an example and well yeah thanks so much yeah no you don't play that much but you definitely played it how much of my thoughts have you seen oh not very much you know pop in occasionally just to see The Meta oh my [Music] God he's just had a few yeah tell me that she's not feeling uncomfortable this is what happens when you literally have socially awkward like weirdos be your fan base you're gonna be like oh no what the hell have I done you can tell like doubt visibly uncomfortable amaranth is and look I don't like amaranth myself she's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] plastic Barbie doll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I'm just saying people when you choose that career path you Rebrand your soul and I don't really feel bad for you honestly I really don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feel bad you know what you're doing like selling your weird cosplay picks for a bunch of horny thirsty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who can't really keep their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands out of their pants all right I'm just saying like that's just what it is and the last thing is I just gotta be this guy but they're not human beings who should have rights like honestly it's come to the point when it comes to only famous girls and like all these like you know faintly and all these like porno [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these are not human beings they do not deserve rights okay we should be like get like taking away the rights they absolutely do not deserve any rights to live if you want to be a sexual degenerate filth fine don't get any rights simple as that if you want lights actually keep yourself clean and actually try not to be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's just be honest that's how it is but anyway this has been Destructor I hope you'll enjoyed this video take care and of course [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] only fans

  Top Comments:
  1. @cheesecakebunny2002 [7 likes]: OnlyFans it's a worst thing ever bro
  2. @Ploobius [7 likes]: "Sex work is so brave and it takes brave strong women to do this kinda career" nah get a normal job once ur old and ugly how tf are they gunna get a job lmao
  3. @jakoball117 [6 likes]: Only simps
  4. @supsterV [3 likes]: Would love you to rant on “sigma” tiktoks 🙏🏽
  5. @joshuabriggs3913 [2 likes]: I hate PORN
  6. @kadariuswilliams2871 [2 likes]: The guys act like porn does not exist guys go on lonely expecting a woman to know them but in reality these woman will never look or talk their way these dudes hop on lonelyfans and look up these woman on there when there are strippers and pornstars that will give it for free even models that do modeling will give for free man social media has ruin this society and it doesn't help that these beta male cucks hype up this type of behavior and make it more harder for the regular man to date it has destroy privacy it has make man and woman weak and soft and it will only get worse if we turn away from these lonely fans models then all of this would of have stop but i doubt that will happen anytime soon.
  7. @Double303 [1 likes]: The moment she tells me she has an OF I automatically want to do a backflip and get out. She can justify it however she wants, she's just a dumb whore.
  8. @zdravkoveselinovic9967 [1 likes]: Predatory prostitues who promote themselves in most vulgar ways, even on sites where children have access, draining men off of their hard-earn money by faking engagement. And men that frequent the site are no better, tbh.
  9. @babayaga12379 [1 likes]: Not only is it very degrading, It's gives short term gains in exchange of long term implications. There have got to be so many women who used to do it in their 20s but regret walking down that line in the hindsight because their past will haunt them one way or another 

And I'm not gonna keep men out of this rant either, the ones who have organizations that hire (or worse, TRAFFICK) women to post explicit pics. (Yeah I'm looking right at you Andrew Tate)
  10. @UltimateMoralizer [1 likes]: Well said. I pity guys who approve of it.
  11. @aporue5893 [1 likes]: it's trash......
  12. @jonathanhaynes7904 [1 likes]: Mandy Rose does onlyfans and she’s a really smart person
  13. @matthewboren708 [1 likes]: Thank you brother..
  14. @TheMcBlokeShow [1 likes]: Your "WHAT'S UP, GUYS" blew me back out of my chair. XD
  15. @kingskylaradams4773 [1 likes]: Twitter is just free only fan’s at this point, Facebook on the other hand has animal pn and pn skit’s, It’s exclusive to the weirdo’s that think they’re animals and the Yankee’s.
  16. @KathNielandWWEfan2006 [1 likes]: Can you do a top 15 reasons why Omos sucks video? I hate Omos because he's boring
  17. @Black25787 [1 likes]: Only fans are everything whats wrong with western society.
  18. @DoubleRR-n2o [1 likes]: Based
  19. @okuyasunijimura7736 [1 likes]: OF women's narrative is basically like they want be at a higher social class and want to be respected more and want to be more free but they taint their images by doing this shit and sell their bodies AND DIGNITY
  20. @kingskylaradams4773: I think pn in general makes incel’s like edkp,Branden rogers, And whatever else.

- xQc stunned looking at his GIGACHAD VIP walks in..: Kind: captions Language: en dude here's next here's next video no troll no garbanzo no tricks like hiring people off streaming and having them on on the dating show dating show straight Empire what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing look at this guy man what okay everybody on screen dude I didn't realize they did this idea they didn't the idea it's it's the Raj Royale show right yeah but but

  Top Comments:
  1. @crispybacon2 [133 likes]: Gayge my streamer
  2. @Kat31017 [129 likes]: He looked a little too long 👀
  3. @djBarret7 [37 likes]: The 0,1% of juicers, considered an elite specimen as they actually workout, have a job and a fulfilling life GYATTT
  4. @Wfefe322 [22 likes]: Having any mucles at all = Gigachad LULW
  5. @smolman4870 [16 likes]: Who's the guy at the bottom?
  6. @jeffjones8572 [8 likes]: ZEST
  7. @c0hink176 [5 likes]: this is what love at first sight looks like
  8. @Suddsy11037 [4 likes]: HOLY GIGACHAD
  9. @kylemartillo [4 likes]: Is that invar?
  10. @rigbone120 [3 likes]: Gayge Arc
  11. @wander7418 [1 likes]: i’m in the thumbnail pagman
  12. @rodricbr: mid, too bulky
  13. @xz748: cringe
  14. @icetray69: HOLY
  15. @Immortal_BP: damn is he rockin that luddy chest hole?

- ruining the freakiest bar on vrchat: Kind: captions Language: en If I hear one more thing of you guysing acting like idiots, I'm going toinging report you guys. >> I go to a nudist group and there you can be naked and you can get by people there. >> This in VR chat? >> Yeah, in VR chat. >> Oh wow. >> Hello. Hi. Hello. May I help you? Yes. If you keep sticking your head inside my face, you will get blocked. >> He's playing with your feet. >> He can. His face really looks comfortable. All right. You're getting yourself locked. No. This is your final warning. >> I love you. >> No. Okay. Goodbye. >> I take it back. I take it back. I take it back. >> Okay. >> I want to have with you. >> I heard that. >> Can I play with your feet? Can I play with your feet, please? >> Yeah. Yeah. Of course. In the block zone. I have a wonderful time. >> No, no, no, no, no. I won't play with your feet. I won't play with your feet. >> That is enough. I gave you a last warning. I gave you two last warnings. There's no point. >> Where' the guy? Oh, here he is. Hello. tickling his feet again. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What is happening? >> I will admit, Toasted, you are very adorable. >> How come he can blow up your feet and I can't? >> What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> First of all, first impression, he was adorable. He was crying and I can't >> I have a slight migraine. I haven't eaten anything for 12 days. >> You ever considered eating people? >> You're giving me more reasons to remove you. Honestly, >> I'm connecting my to my avatar and I'm being by a lot of guys. So nice. Uh hi. >> Hi. What what's happening tonight? >> Every night I go to a nudies group and there you can be naked and you can get by people there. >> The only thing I can do without my boyfriend being upset. >> Your boyfriend doesn't get upset at that. >> Is your boyfriend and he cannot set his son? >> What would that even mean? >> On VR chat >> online only. Wait, so you have an IRL boyfriend and you just get by a bunch of guys in VR chat? >> He live with me so he's always next to me when I'm doing that. >> What? >> I make sure every I drain every guy there, every girl, every trans, every everyone there. I drain everyone. >> What's your body count? What's your VR chat body count? >> I don't know. >> In the hundreds. >> More than that. >> You've more than 100 guys on VR chat. >> Yeah, more >> in the thousands. >> I don't even know. >> All while your boyfriend watched. Oh my god. She's over a thousand guys. Do you plug in your uh what the is that? And she blocked me. >> Oh, she blocked me, too. [Music] >> She said she was You should probably go somewhere to get >> Is that just a normal thing in VR chat then? >> It can be. Yeah, it really can be. >> You do it as well. >> Not to that extent. >> What's your virtual body count? >> Just in VR chat or like in general? >> Let's go both. >> Both. Combine everything. >> I don't know, like 100. >> What do you have more of? >> IRL is like I don't know four. >> Oh wow. Hello, Demon Tiger. >> Why do they call you the demon tiger? >> Because I'm from hell. >> You're from hell? Like, actually? >> Yeah. Basically, one of my new friends uh summoned me from hell. So, >> you look like a demon in real life. >> Oh, not exactly. Just because uh that's my first time. >> Oh, okay. Right. But you are a demon. >> Yeah, when you piss me off, you know, nothing but chaos. Nothing but chaos. >> Well, what makes you very angry? >> Uh stupid rabbits like uh Alpha Bunny. >> Just use your demon powers in him. >> Yeah, I would. >> They pissed me off and my bed. How'd he piss you off? He pissed on you in your bed. What? You said You said he pissed off in your bed. In your bed. Pissed me off. >> Why would you let somebody piss on you? >> Nobody. >> It's called anger. >> You piss when you're angry. >> I think he got so mad he he peed. >> I didn't get so angry when I peed. What the peed? >> I do not pee when I'm angry. >> I push trees when I'm angry. >> Are you playing Minecraft? >> Not Minecraft. Iro, >> do you cosplay like Minecraft? I only punch trees when I'm angry >> to get wood to like shovel >> for wood. >> What's like the worst thing you've done when the demon came out? >> Ended up in jail. >> What happened? >> Harry killed my father. >> You couldn't even bring yourself to kill your father, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I was so bad that my face was blood red. >> Did you piss on your dad? >> Yeah, because he had a shotgun point at me as well. >> Pissed on him. >> A shotgun or a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gun? You pooped yourself? >> I said shotgun, not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gun. What the >> You pooped on yourself? >> Stop mix up my words first. >> The demon might come out. Don't do that. >> He needs to speak more clearly when speaking to me. >> Oops. >> Kick Chadwick. No, >> I have about 50 demons living inside me. >> That's not fun. It's nothing but chaos. All of them. >> So, did it all go inside you at one time? >> Can I go inside of you? >> Oh, just let you know. I will let you go inside me if you was in my Polly. >> Oh. Oh, wow. >> How many people are in your Polly? >> About 12. >> Are they also demons? >> Most of them are. And most of them are actually just crazy inside. >> Are you a real demon? >> I'm a free demon. I've heard a lot of people claim they're demons. How can I trust you? >> How about you go ask one of my polies? >> You want me to join your poly? >> How about you go ask one of my >> Can I join your poly? >> Are demons pomins? Some of them are dragons. I do have a question for everyone here though. Is everyone here a furry? >> Of course I am. >> I know you are ancient being that has been sent here to destroy you. >> My question is how long you been a >> My question for you is how long do you think you're going to live for? >> How old are you? >> I was here since the beginning of time. >> Oh, you're too young. How old do they have to be for you to be able to piss on them? >> I'm not talking about pissing on nobody. Not my style. >> Hi. >> You invited the gang. >> Hi, demon. >> You're too afraid to answer my inquiries. Demons are without age. He was summoned here. I can feel it. >> Can everyone stop talking about my past? I didn't want to talk about my past. >> Can can y'all leave him alone? >> You don't know what you're dealing with here. This is an ultimate powerful being that deserves to be locked up. We're going to figure out how to contain you and then we're going to put you in a circus and show you off like a little like a little freak show. You're going to do your demon powers as an as an act and get me money, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh my god. What's he doing? Oh my god. What's he doing? >> How's he flying? >> Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I don't want to make anyone upset or anything. I just wanted a drink. I've just had a bad day. I got fired from Starbucks today. >> The bar isn't open. If we have any more problems, we might have to ask y'all to leave. >> I hope you find another job. >> Come with me. Come with me, >> we're not going to follow them. >> Who do you think you are, buddy? >> I'm staff and I can revoke your entry. I'm not I'm not I'm not playing. >> Really? Really? >> You want to test and find out? >> Can you actually? >> I really can. >> Oh, really? >> It's no need to fight, guys. >> And I can jail you so I can put you in legit jail. >> Lock you in place. >> When's the bar open? >> Can you stop breathing at your mouth, please? >> Can you shut up? All right, I'm f to go do it. Y'all literally sat here and called him fat. >> Who's y'all? I never I didn't say that. What? >> You did. And then you keep asking about the bar. >> What's going on here? >> I told him to stop asking about the bar and he keeps doing it. >> The bar open. The bar open. >> I just want to know if the bar is open. >> Listen, mother. I told both of you toing behave yourself. If I hear one more thing of you guys acting like idiots, I'm going to report you guys to the lady in the red. I'm gonna flag you guys from Viet. Is that understood? >> Can you say that again, please? >> No, I'm noting repeating myself. You dumbassing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Well, it's not understood cuz I didn't hear you. >> I don't give a both of you toing leave. Leave from this area. No one want to be around you guys. Ivan doesn't even want to be around you guys anymore because of what you guys had called his brother. >> I just asked if the bar was open. >> And how many times have I told you the bar is noting open? Are you do you have any brain cells? Are youing living on a rock? >> Is the bar open yet? >> Okay, you know what? I'm going to report you. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I'm recording you right now. You're going to get put on YouTube, by the way. >> I need some poly action. How about I just take your boyfriend? >> I'll take your child and take him to the grocery store. Give him more food than you've ever fed him. Can I join the family? >> If I knew you longer, I'd say yes. >> Well, if you're saying no now, I might as well just crush you with my wrath. >> Hya. >> Where is this going to go? >> I wasn't expecting that voice. What voice were you expecting? >> It was going to be like a little cute voice. You sound like sound like an E boy. >> How about I eat this fist in your face? See how far things go then. >> You don't know who I am. I'm the R boy Kitty. Check my bio. I'm known for killing the Ender Dragon in under 30 minutes. >> Do I look like I care? Nah. >> Come on. Let's sort this out in a duel in a battle. >> Dog, you're a fan boy. You're going to go nowhere. >> I'm a fanboy. You dress up as a little puppy. Yeah, I got you there, didn't I? Oh, I got him there. Oh, you got me laughing. So funny. A you're a little baby. That's all you are to me. >> Mother, I'm going to sniff you. >> I know where your fingers have been now. >> Are you trying to your VR mom? >> Never your real mom. >> Oh, you got me there. My mom's actually in the hospital right now. She fell down the stairs, so I don't take kindly to >> Hey, why are you laughing? Hey, your son's laughing at me. >> Got any friends? No. Got a job? No. >> No, I don't have a job or friends, but guess what I have? I got a cool avatar on VR Chat, so >> Oh, wow. Let's find out how many I got. >> Don't flex. Let me know. Don't flex me with the avatars. Don't do it. Please >> don't try me. >> Don't do an avatar spread. >> I want toing shove a pencil into your ear. >> You won't do anything, buddy. >> I want to I want I want Can I kill this man? >> Hey, Squeak, you fair me. >> You think I'm scared of a little rat like you? >> Well, I've killed the Ender Dragon under 30 minutes, so I think you are scared of me. >> Oh my god, you keep saying you killed the Ender Dragon under 30 minutes. Do I look like I care? I don't think so. Just like no one should care about your life. Don't keep talking. >> I'd like to see you kill the ender dragon on a 30 minutes. >> I'm a horror fanatic. Blow, bro. Don't keep talking. You probablying watch Dream SMP. >> Oh yeah, my cousin's dog actually met Dream. >> You are so full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I am not lying. >> Bro thinks he's the main character. >> I am the main character. You fair me. >> I just want you cringe. All right. >> Can't say the N word. offic take off perception. Take out the car with a fetch. Take out the unload. Take out the unsure. Take out decisions. I let take off the fade deep. Take off the fat. Take off the unbroke. I care. Take out the new that if I'm rich, I'm take off the nail. Take out the do. Take out the B. Take all that designer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. And what do you have?

  Top Comments:
  1. @SupermarkFR [7 likes]: 1:08 I spat my tea. Didn't expect the close up on gentleman goose condescending 'WTF?!'
  2. @GrantHill22 [2 likes]: 1:46 WUtdahelldoesthatevenmean
  3. @tyedollaz2032 [1 likes]: 2:43  uh so I did not enough math but for it to add up to 100 that means he has 96 bodies in vrchat and 4 bodies irl yall definitely already knew this
  4. @jeanpierre2488 [1 likes]: the funniest thing is that they expose themselves all the time
  5. @Hampterwithagun: 0:20 i don't think thats healthy
  6. @jeremiahsitkoff8992: are we there yet ahh questions
  7. @wonglilywong9551: 谢谢你你能帮我找到他们好难找到他们的
  8. @zewdn1: 2:04 vr chats bonnie blue has rissen
  9. @JCJGAMING-20: What map is it called
  10. @70nz_101: 1:30 bro what typa group even wod that be called😭😭
  11. @kobolddisme: THAT LOBBY FREAKED OUT (link me that group)
  12. @meskgiggs8616: I GET KICKED THE SECOND I JOIN   I HAVE YET TO SPEAK TO ANYBODY IN VRCHAT SOOO I DONT REALLY KNOW.  ITS KIND OF GOT ME MESSED UP OVER IT
  13. @Jiboubwjsbd: 2:29 MILO MURPHY LETS GO!!!!!!!11
  14. @DefinitelyAGoblin: 1:45 isn’t hypersexuality like a serious disability? Not a silly sexy thing?
  15. @dotFAFO: That racoon just coming in with the heat, who is it? lol
  16. @Gayzpider: Hypersexuality isn’t some cool thing you have, it’s a disorder it’s not some end all be all that every person can just have. A lot of people who say they are hypersexual mean they have a high libido.
  17. @CREEPER_BOYAUS: im glade these type of people Arnt in gorilla tag🥀
  18. @neeetf: did i hear thuggpint in that intro..
  19. @Kanehlwest: what was the song in the beginning
  20. @rednitix5740: the enderdragon thing in your bio got me laughing so hard !!! it's genius

- TikTok Setup & Growth System for OnlyFans Creators: Kind: captions Language: en Most Only Fans creators fail on Tik Tok because they set up their account wrong and get flagged before they even start. In this video, I'll walk you through the exact Tik Tok setup we use in my agency, including security, privacy, posting, and growth strategy so you can build an account that lasts. The first part is account creation and security setup for US-based accounts. Say you're not in the US, you're somewhere in Europe, you're somewhere in South Pacific. This is how you would set up your uh account to be based in the US. First, you need to reset this. Reset the phone, complete reset, like factory reset, and insert a dead USA SIM card, preferably a a good provider. I typically use T-Mobile SIM card. If you use the phone for personal use, run your personal number, and that personal number will be your your local Tik Tok account. So, if you're based in Australia and you do Australian, then you're just going to target that audience. Yes, some audience tips over to the US, especially once you go start going viral. Okay. But if you want to target an account in the US from the start, you want to put in a dead USA SIM card and run up the account. Okay. After you put in the US SIM card, you want to always connect through a good decent VPN. Personally, I use or we use NordVPN or Surf Shark. There are they are actually both the same company. And to be extra safe, you can buy a dedicated IP address for one year and that is quite affordable. Dedicated IP is an IP address that is not shared with other users. Okay, make sure once you then you start to create the account, you want to create it with an email, okay, an email and then verify the account and verify it with a SIM card. I mean a phone number. Now the phone number can be just a burner phone number or it can be another one. So there is services like SMS verified, SMS pulled. Look up those if you're creating the account in the US for US targeted. You want to make sure prior to that when you factory reset up reset the phone that you've had you've set the account to the US and it's in US English. Okay. So just everything US the app store US. All these things need to be connected. You can use a fake uh address locator as well. Okay. So, that's just setting up the phone that part. Okay. And you want to make sure that the VPN always connects. So, if this phone is your phone to be used with uh to be targeted in the US, you want to just keep that phone separated for the US. Okay. Now, if you if you have the phone for your personal use, say you're in Australia, then that phone is going to be just for Australian targeted Tik Toks. majority the majority of the demographics is going to be targeted to that country. Okay. So once you've created the account and you set up the phone you want to then choose a good VPN. Okay. The good VPN from the start. Actually what I mean is when once you create the account you want to choose a good username. Now the username ideally should match your Instagram. So it makes everything a lot simple. they know it's Allison Smith and your Instagram username is Allison Smith. Like that's really easy. But if your if the last part of your name is a bit long, it's better to put some abbreviations. Abbreviations are its name, just name these types of abbreviations or the actual niche that you're targeting. For example, uh Asian Aito use that actually Asian anime, you know, that's Oh, Asian anime girl. People just remember that. But just be just be wary that the same username that you choose for Tik Tok, you should actually have a dental account account that runs in parallel because that is the landing page to the Only Fans. Most people get this confused because they'll just go Allison Smith official. They'll make the account incorrect. And then you make another account, you go Ellison Smith official, too. Like that's not going to help. that's going to get your account flagged because you all you did was just add a letter at the end. So when you're setting up the username is actually very important that the username is congruent and it matches your Instagram and you haven't burnt out a two two worded long or just put in it put some numbers in at the end and just think that's going to that's going to do it. You actually have to think, write down some ideas. Write down some ideas that will help you help the user find you outside of Tik Tok. It's very important. So once you got the username nailed down, you then want to go to privacy and security settings. And then you want to go to audience control and and two-actor authentication. You want to set up. These are some other things you want to set up with the account. Why? Because if you don't know and you don't understand how to check your account status, then you could actually be flagged and you don't know it and you'll be like, "Why am I only getting 1,000 views? Why am I only getting why am I getting zero views?" It's because you haven't checked your account status. So, you want to go to go to account and privacy and scroll down to uh account status and check the account status. If you don't know how, there's plenty of tutorials on Tik Tok and a lot of people get this confused because it is a little bit a little bit tricky to find, but once you find it, you'll know you'll know where it is. But that's not just the area where Tik Tok will actually inform you with a notification that Tik Tok has been flagged. say if you gone uh if if Tik Tok deems us doesn't suit their platform. Okay, you want to allow all comments, but ideally turn off DMs because if people think they can contact you on Tik Tok, then they're not going to bother to go through and have a look at your Instagram page and try to contact you there. The objective is for them to go to your only fans and subscribe, you know. So there is some other there is some other methods you want to look into uh depending on your niche and and content that you're actually pushing for. But the first option what you where you want to go is having is there's an option for account audience control. And audience control basically allows you to pick whether 18 plus is off or 18 plus is on. Now, ideally, you want to have 18 plus off, not because your target audience is below 18 plus, but just to get to that mass engagement. If it appeals to a lot of people and gets like awareness, then it's going to get pushed out further and further. Uh, Tik Tok hasn't really fine- tuned their 18 plus on for virality. Why? Because 18 if 18 plus is on, you actually need to be signed in on Tik Tok. A lot of people browse Tik Toks without actually being signed in or they just actually have uh 18 18 plus um off. Well, they No, they actually just have 18 plus on. So, all their content is going to be PG content, which is safe. This is even for adults. So if you just say you're like if an adult signs up and they're saying they're 30, they're going to have 18 plus on. Okay. No. So they're going to have 18 plus off. That's all the content is is it's only if you switch 18 plus on then the other accounts won't see that stuff. Okay. Hopefully that makes a bit sense but maybe a bit too much detail there. Once once you start uh going through your going through that and understanding the settings, you then want to you you then want to create a bio that matches some which actually which which I approve to have some kind of niche name in your username or or name, but you can have that also in your bio. bio to target that. But the bios don't need to be too long. The content that you actually do speaks a lot more for the target audience, for the optimization of the audience. Of course, you want to have Instagram plugged into the bio, but not not from not from the get-go. Just want to have a basic bio, not nothing too much, maybe one sentence of something until you're actually start starting to get the account warmed up. Okay. After that, you have the account set up, you have the bio set up, you have the name approved, and you have the funnel figured out, you understand the settings, you then now want to go through is go up to the the warm-up phase. And that is to scroll on on Tik Tok for at least 30 minutes. When you've created an account, you don't want to follow right away. You want to scroll, you want to comment, you want to save, you want to download, and then you want to follow. Okay, this is actually going to build the trust score of your Tik Tok account. It builds the trust score before you start posting. So, avoid spam bot behavior. Don't follow too fast. Don't just scroll, follow, scroll, follow, and scroll follow 100 people, 100 random people. That's going to get flagged quite quickly. Now, Quincy, you'll be asking like, why? Why do I have to do all these things? Well, Tik Tok and other social media platforms, they're up against bots. So, if you act like a bot, it's going to flag you as a bot. Okay? And then you want to go and start to create some Tik Toks, get inspiration, go off your agency blueprint, save some content that you actually could recreate, and then you want to begin posting. But you don't want to post all the content at once. So say six videos in one go. No, you need to space it out. You need to post the first video should should get the initial uh Tik Tok boost boost to figure out like what kind of audience what kind of audience should Tik Tok test this out to and they'll be testing it out to certain groups of people. Okay, based on the initial piece of content that you guys you've created at the start. So that's why it's really important to have your avatar, the person in mind or who you want to target. People that like Asian girls, uh, is it someone that likes trans girls? Is it someone that likes midgets? Like you actually have to think and like talk to the avatar that you're actually speaking to on that in the in your first testing pool of Tik Toks. Okay, this is going to help boost boost it. or are you going to go a different route least a little bit less niche targeted any which way Tik Tok's going to do their job to f to find people that have the similar that like your content like the specific pieces of content that you guys that you make. Okay, always check the account status and you can do that in two areas in Tik Tok Studio or in the actual settings a bit lower down. Okay, after you've built 1k followers, like right now as we speak, the URL is a bit glitched. Maybe Tik Tok is rolling in a new system where they don't want they're not allowing you to post the URL. Once you've hit 1K followers on Tik Tok, you can actually uh post your link in the link in bio. And with our link and bio provider, we can go from Tik Tok off the platform to a link tree and then to Instagram, then to instagram to only faint. Now, you can just put in the Instagram link, but when the per when the user uh clicks that, it's going to be uh you're going to be signed out. The user is going to be signed out. So they actually they have to see something that's appealing and sign back in manually find out or log through a browser onto their Instagram. Once you've hit uh 1,000 followers as well, you can also target and do Tik Tok lives. So yeah, Tik Tok to grow Tik Tok for only fans, you need a structure, security setup, privacy settings, and two fac two account strategy. You want to you you want to look who your target audience is, but you can still make money in your local market. If you're from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, UK, Germany, France, all these countries, if your Tik Toks are catered to that audience. So, I would definitely not count out count out local markets. We have a model that's in Mexico and we just get Spanish- speaking Mexican uh audience and that still brings in traffic and that still makes money. So don't just think necessarily from the get-go targeting targeting just the US is suited. Why? Because you sometimes you're not from that country. Your content plan needs to be on point for that audience as well. Okay? So it's not just as straightforward than just make an account and start posting. No, there's there's certain other things that nobody really tells you. And that's why it's very important to set the account up the right way from the start to avoid getting flagged. And then once you start going and posting, you need to avoid uh being picked up by the algorithm for being too sexual because that could get your account banned as well or flagged. So with this setup, setting up your Tik Tok account, okay, you want to reset your phone. You want to have a USA SIM card. You want to have a VPN. You want to have your iCloud set up and your phone set up to the US. If you're outside, you want to create an account with email. You want to then verify that with phone number. You want to then create a good username and fill in the bio and add a profile picture. and then and then warm up the account for 30 minutes watching reals find people in the same niche as you engage in that like comment save download then follow warming up the account then only after that you want to then go back and look at your content plan once you looked at your content plan you want to then create texts and save them into the draft and don't post them all at once you want to start dropping them out you then want to the same time either before or during, you want to learn the Tik Tok settings because you because a high chance for the industry that we're in, you're going to get flagged on something. Now, everyone gets flagged at some point, but it's actually just learning what did you do that you could be doing better or what could you be doing something that's different that improves improves and doesn't let your account get flagged. Okay. So, if you need help with your Tik Tok growth or account setup, you can DM me on Instagram at Quinton Keatley. And if you like this video, give it a thumbs up. If you need me to talk over anything else, I'll be dropping out more YouTube videos on a weekly or a couple times a week on issues that actually come up and actually need more clarification to actually grow your Tik Tok in 2025 because I know a lot of people just give up on Tik Tok, but it's actually super super powerful if you can actually set up your Tik Tok the correct way, warm it up, and then create Tik Toks that don't get flagged when you're getting an 80% target audience. of that particular target by using a SIM card and a VPN. So, if you guys like this video, give a thumbs up. If you need help, drop me a message and I'll see you on the next one.

- How to go VIRAL on Instagram Reels & TikTok for Onlyfans 2024 | (1000 paid subscribers per month): Kind: captions Language: en I need you to understand the best way to get reach on social media and make a lot of money is by creating viral content by switching from your plain boring mundane content to content that potentially can go viral is going to make you a huge amount of money with only fans now you're probably wondering how to go viral or maybe even why you should be listening to me so what I'm going to do on screen I'm going to insert a video of one of the new creators we've been working with for one month and how we're generating her 250 Subs per week with the content we're helping her create that's 250 paid subscribers per week over a thousand paid subscribers per month now what could that do for you how is that going to make your life change with the money it's generating now you understand that I've helped creators go viral I want to explain the two platforms that are going to help you go viral the easiest these being Tik Tok and IG specifically short form content and short form videos like IG reals now why do these platforms want you to go viral so easy it comes down to the basics they want your attention longer on the platform they want viewers on their platform for longer now having viral content and good content is going to keep people engaged they've got a little battle going on between IG and Tik Tok so IG are saying how can we get all the attention from Tik Tok over to ig and Tik Tok are doing the exact same how can we get all the viewers from IG to Tik Tok what does this do for them the longer someone's on their platform the more money they make because you're going to be seeing their ads more so this is why it's so important to create viral content because the with these they're going to push you further and further so it might be easy if I just explain what viral content is is first for those that don't understand viral content is simply a piece of content that gets a lot of views in a short period of time normally this is over 50,000 views I like to say actually 200,000 views as the minimum really minimum minimum my as is 100,000 views in a short period of time now how can your content go viral there's a few things that you need to keep in mind that's going to help you go viral so the first thing you need to keep in mind is being in a niche now what is a niche a niche is a subsect of the market now why is this beneficial because it creates branding for you I can name a few niches that might help you out that you've already seen on these platforms office gos HR girls elevator gos e gos cosplayers even latex goals these are just a few I can name a lot more if you want help with getting in a certain Niche that you would enjoy message me on IG or telegram I can help with it as well so it's at Arden Bliss one if you did need a little bit of help now what this is really going to be doing is creating a branding around you and it's allowing the algorithm to push your content so it's very important that you Niche because if you don't you're going to confuse the algorithm so for example if you post a video of you on a farm the next video is you as a cosplayer the next video is a office girl the next video is a latex girl you'll confusing the algorithm it doesn't know what audience to push it to but if you have a congruent brand with your Niche so for example if you're a farmer Niche and you're posting consistent farming content it knows the Right audience to push it to and this is only going to help you go viral so niching down is super super important the next important thing you need to keep in mind is understanding what content is good and what content's bad so we can break this down into three simple points with a short form video it's your beginning middle and end now put yourself in a viewers state of mind we're just on Tik Tok scrolling and scrolling and scrolling see what captures our eyes so with the beginning you need it so interesting it makes someone stop it stops their scroll to watch the video this can be done in many ways it could be how you look the edit you do the motion you might just be waving your hands it could be even a caption or you talking these are a few ways that you st stop the scroll now after stopping the scroll we're going into the middle phase and this is about retaining the viewer to watch till the end so something needs to be happening in the video of course this is going to depend on what type of video you're trying to put out there but something needs to happen to keep them watching until the end now with the ending there needs to be a little bit of a reward a little bit of a dopamine hit which makes the viewer feel good for watching it this could be with humor a little sexual ual ity just something that makes them feel like yeah this was a good watch and that even might help them rewatch it now why is this so important that a viewer watches the whole thing and potentially even rewatches it the number one indicator for creating viral content is view time this is the biggest metric that algorithms use to push content further and further because it's showing that viewers have liked this video and been on the platform for longer for this exact reason so Instagram and Tik Tok are like Yep this is good content because loads of people watching it but they're watching the whole thing they're keeping us on the platform for longer that's why it's so important to focus on the beginning middle and end now that leads us simple to the next Point analyze the content you create if the content did well you can look at it and understand what did well whether that was the beginning middle or end was it something you wearing was it something you edited was it something you even said why did this video do well because if it did well once it's probably going to do well again same with the videos done bad you need to analyze what did bad in it why because if it's done bad and you recopy it it's only going to do bad again it's simple as that now a simple step a lot of people miss out is staying consistent of course this is going to help help you because you can film 30 videos that are bad then your 31st video might be an absolute Banger because you've been looking and analyzing at your last pieces of content so your next one's only getting better and better what I recommend is post one real a day and one or two Tik toks a day and keep building up from there consistency is very important in any business you're in and this is a key a key thing to go viral Instagram needs to see you're improving your content and they need to see you're actively pushing it if you're stuck with ideas it's simple go to your explore Page look what others are doing see what's trending if there's trending sounds if there's a trending type of video if there's a trending Challenge and this is going to give you inspiration and other creators that you might even copy or just get a few ideas too as well and that's only going to help you create even better and more viral content too now since you're an only fans Creator I I recommend add a little sexuality in your content good content with a little sexuality can go Mega viral Mega viral now what does this do if you just had good content you might get loads of views but adding a little touch of sexuality the viewers are going to click your page to follow and see oh she's got an only fans link let me look and then purchase so it's better than just having a million views that no one's going to purchase with add a little sexuality so they come on your page and subscribe because a million views can genuinely make you 10,000 subscribers and that could be the difference between making 10,000 20,000 30,000 a month to what you're making now and then after a certain amount of time you're going to be repurposing this content as well so any that did go viral repurpose it whether that's on your main page or maybe even have other Pages if you think there was a piece of content that didn't go viral for a certain reason like a shadow band repurpose this too so these are all the ways that are going to add for you to create viral content now if you need further help with this you can message me on Instagram or telegram Arden Bliss one or just join the telegram group I give free resources on how to create viral content so you can make more money

- Top 5 ONLYFANS tips for beginners (How to make thousands as a beginner): Kind: captions Language: en hi welcome back to my channel I'm Rebecca and this is my second video so if you have not seen my first video go back to my Channel watch that one first and then come back to this one I talk about why I started our only fans and how much money you can make in your first few months and why you should make one too with having zero following in this video I'll talk about five tips for beginners on only fans and what you need to know getting started these are things that I wish I would have known day one okay so the first tip is to not post all of your content for free on Reddit so when you first make an only fans one of the main ways that you can promote your only fans is on Reddit you can do this because Reddit is a very different social media and I think it's harder for people that you know to see your content on Reddit however you're going to be seeing a lot of different information from different women saying how much you should post on Reddit and how much you shouldn't posted on Reddit and I have learned from experience it is best to not over share on Reddit and don't post all of your content only post a few images that you are okay with everybody seeing on Reddit you'll see women posting fully explicit content on Reddit and you'll say well if that works for them it must work for me but I think it's best to not give away all your content on Reddit only post content that you are comfortable with everybody seeing in post fully clothed photos or photos in lingerie on Reddit and promote that way you're going to find different pages and you can find pages that are appropriate for those type of content and just post those same pictures on Reddit do not give away free content because if you're giving away so much free content then it's going to be harder for men to want to subscribe to your paid page okay so my second tip would be to promote on Tinder if you are a beginner that does not have a large social media following and you may be a little bit shy about posting on Tick Tock or not know what to post on Tick Tock or maybe you're posting on Tick Tock but your videos are not getting any views I think it's a great idea to just start small and promote on Tinder this way people who maybe you don't want to see your videos on tick tock to see you can just more discreetly promote on Tinder so what you're going to do is just make a Tinder as you normally would and post some of your best photos that you have on Instagram and then you're just going to match with every every man and then that's up to you from there if you want to message anyone I think it's okay with just having your Instagram and your bio have your Instagram on your Tinder profile and then the men will come to you they'll click on your Instagram and then you'll have your link Tree on your Instagram and then you're gonna get subscribers that way personally I don't message any men sending them my link on Tinder but what you can do is if they message you on Instagram and then you're not responding they're probably gonna reach out again they're gonna try to talk to you if you're not responding then you can just send them the link and say hey I respond quicker on here and then send them their link to your exclusive content and that's what works for me but if you are comfortable messaging them and getting more fans that way I'm sure that it would work well and I found that this is a way to get loyal fans I found that men who find you attractive on Tinder then they're going to want more they're going to subscribe to your exclusive page and they're gonna ask for more photos and they're going to be loyal fans so I find that this is a way to promote for beginners if you're not big on Tick Tock or you don't have a large following anywhere else it's easy to just get a few followers from Tinder okay so my next tip my third tip would be to make sure as soon as you set up your only fans the next thing you're gonna do is make sure you have your welcome message set up so when creating an only fans you can set up a welcome message so as soon as you get a new fan they're gonna automatically get a welcome message from you and you want to make sure that you have paid content in that message and most of the time men they're gonna subscribe to your page and then they're also going to pay for that welcome message so then that's an easy way that you can make 10 more dollars every time somebody subscribes so do that right away so you're not missing out on anything and that message can say whatever you want you can say hey I'm new to only fans let me know what you want to see let me know what you like and let me know where you found me from so that that's a way that you can see where you're getting your new fans from and then you'll know where you should be posting more and what's working for you and that message can be anywhere from five dollars fifteen dollars mine's ten dollars I think that ten dollars is a good price and when sending messages make sure you're always responding with a message so with a question so ask them tell me more what would you like to see so that they respond and then they'll tell you what they want to see and then that's another way to keep the conversation going and getting them to spend more money so the more you're talking the more they're going to be spending and then that's more messages that you can send them in pay-per-view okay so my next tip tip number four would be to interact with all of your fans remember that these are paying customers so you want to make them happy you want them to keep their rebuild on so you need to be friendly you need to be nice you need to talk to everybody so when somebody messages you don't ignore them always respond and respond with a question keep the conversation going so what I do and I would recommend doing every time I get a new fund they're automatically going to get the automatic message but I also think it's best to send them a personal message send them a message that they know is personally from you because they're getting a lot of automatic messages so send them a message using their name so that's directed towards them and just say thank you so much for subscribing I'm so happy you're here and just try to keep the conversation going so send a personal message to every new fan if they have a profile where they're more discreeted it doesn't say their name or is this a funny nickname or just user and the numbers then you can ask them what's your name what would you like me to call you and that just sounds very personal and they're definitely going to respond to that and that's the goal you want them to respond you want them to be talking this will make you seem more likable more personable and this is going to make them more attracted to you more familiar with you they're going to be wanting to talk to you they're going to want to keep their rebuild on and that's the goal you want more subscribers with their rebuild on so that they engage in the conversation and you can build a connection with them and the longer they're there the more they're going to spend okay so my fifth tip and my final tip for beginners and this is an easy one you're going to want to like all of your own posts on only fans it is more discreet so you can't see who likes your posts or who likes anyone else's posts so you're going to want to like all your posts at the top of your page there is going to be a small bar with analytics and the more likes you have the more your page is going to seem popular and you want people to people are going to want to subscribe to a page that has a lot of likes has a lot of Engagement so it's easy to just like all of your photos and it just adds more likes at the top of your page more analytics and it's good for beginners because if your post has no likes which may be at the beginning because not a lot of men are going to be liking the posts they're going to want to be more discreet and not accommodating so just like the post and you're going to have more engagement at the top of your page and then we'll see that and your page will look more fun more engaging and you're going to get more fans if a new subscriber a new potential subscriber goes to your page and they don't see that you have a lot of content or a lot of likes they may not want to buy your page because it looks like it's not an active page so you need to just easily like all of your posts so those are my top five tips for beginners who have just made their only fans page and they want to make thousands of dollars a month they want to quit their job we can do this and good luck to everyone out there and you can also reach out if you have any questions you can follow me on Instagram I'd be happy to help if you haven't made your page yet you can do that using my referral link I would really appreciate that I don't take any of your money the money that I would get from that only comes out from the cut from only fans so we can all just help each other out thank you so much and please subscribe this is only my second video so I'm still getting used to this I'm still learning but I'd love to keep making videos and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Feetthrills [12 likes]: Absolutely you’re spot on. As a brand new Redditter and OnlyFans creator I wonder we’ll if they’ve got all these explicit content, what are they selling on their private page🤷🏽‍♀️
  2. @SindisoGenge [7 likes]: How can I join and be a creator anonymously. What is the best step by step process.
  3. @bonnieleeweiss [6 likes]: I’ve just created my page and I was just wondering what’s the best way to set up the profile with the photos etc?
  4. @bonnieleeweiss [3 likes]: This was very helpful thank you
  5. @Rose-w9k9f [2 likes]: Tinder is such a good idea! Thank you x
  6. @vanci1111 [2 likes]: Your so cute !!
  7. @innas.properties [1 likes]: Does Tinder allow that?
  8. @erfanpoison7618 [1 likes]: how's your father's disappointment?
  9. @TheCalvinHackett [1 likes]: Thank you for the information you provided. Very helpful.
  10. @HaileyNadine [1 likes]: How to I put on the money for messages to let ppl pay to message me
  11. @fotofan9795: Better read Influprofit if you want to incrrase your profit
  12. @LonelyFanss6: Top 5 tip OF fr
  13. @TheRealAvaaBunny: just wanted to say hi and see how your day’s going
  14. @DTHRILLS.DANIEL.THRILLRIDETV: Cool channel
  15. @familiacosmica777: Fantastic information you rock thank you 👑💕👑
  16. @guranjeleffue1577: But why seriously why come on lady please stop making this stuff its wrong, kids are getting addicted to this stuff seriously theres no age restriction. Please stop your feeding of peoples vulnerabilitys and addiction. Seriously please this life is not for you. you dont deserve to be seen as a sexual tool your a human being worthy of love and respect.
  17. @Stella-e6b6j: Thanks for the tips!!!
  18. @Stella-e6b6j: Thanks for the tips!!!
  19. @Stella-e6b6j: Thank you for these tips 🙏
  20. @martasouso8244: @mf4you thank you sweatie

- HOW TO PROMOTE ONLYFANS ON TIKTOK: Kind: captions Language: en how to promote your only fans on Tik Tok so what is going on guys welcome back to my channel so today we are doing an educational video for you guys to learn how you can grow your business on Tik Tok and get more followers to your only fans account before we get started make sure you subscribe down below there is so much content coming for you guys about how you can make money online before we get too deep into the video if you need any help growing your only fans business reach out to me on Instagram my direct Instagram link is always in the video description I have only fans promotion for guaranteed fans Tik Tock management Reddit management Tik Tock coaching Twitter Co Twitter management literally so much stuff I'm getting Tongue Tied so reach out to me on Instagram if you want help growing your business the first thing I want to start off with is if you do not have a Tik Tock account at all just yet I want you to hold off on creating that account the reason is is that Tik Tok favors new accounts but you really want to go and sign up for your account as soon as you really have content ready to post the reason for that is they favor the new accounts so if you open your account and you start posting right away you will get pushed out further onto the platform and it will give you more views more followers and get you onto the algorithm a lot quicker so I always tell my clients this we are going to create your account and even if you have an account but it's been kind of stagnant even creating an account and doing what I the tips that I'm going to be giving you throughout this video you can test and see if it will work for you but for my accounts excuse me for my clients if they do not have an account just yet I always tell them hold off let's get your content together first and then we are going to create your account so as soon as we create that account we can start posting that very same day so now that you opened up your account we want to focus on the bio now there's not too much things that you really have to do but there is just a few key Point information that I really want to give you and kind of make sure that you're doing number one you cannot have your direct um only fans or fley Link in the bio so what you are going to do is you are going to direct them to your Instagram or your Twitter which I have videos for that so definitely check them out so you are going to direct them to either your only fans or your Twitter page after that the bio doesn't have to be anything crazy sometimes I have clients that that think that this is like a really really crucial part which it's not you just want to have something a little catchy and then what I normally have my clients do is I will have them put yes I like I don't know why I'm doing quotes yes I have one meaning and implying that yes you have a spicy page and then you are going to have two finger emojis pointing downwards to where your other socials link is now two big points about that the first thing is having that Emoji down is what we call a marketing a CTA which is a call to action so you want your viewers and followers to take a specific action and that is to bring them to your next socials to where they can get to your ofn find you the second thing about this is I want you to make sure if you are putting a direct link to your socials that that link works correctly because if it doesn't then you are doing all of this basically for nothing because they not going to be able to get to where you want to take them and I say this in all of my videos so if you watch the Instagram video you'll hear me say it there too you always want to make sure that all your links are working and on Tik Tok even in the DMS you are not going to be sharing your off link so you don't put your page in Jeopardy not like you can't just open up another page there is so many of my clients that reach out that they want help but you know my account got banned or you know it got taken away totally fine let's use another email address and we just keep the ball rolling so that is definitely not a problem now your profile picture cannot be too spicy but you want to make sure that it is centered it is good lighting and it is clear on exactly what the picture is for all of my clients I always do social media Audits and there's so many times where I'm looking at their profile pictures and I don't even know what I'm looking at yet so quality of your content does matter so just make sure you got good lighting going on and again it's not too spicy after that is content so with content as I had stated prior you want to make sure that you have content lined up for as soon as you open up your Tik Tock account with the content just like your profile picture you want to make sure it's centered you want to make sure it's good lighting and you want to make sure it's not too spicy or you will get banned or I've never really even seen anyone get Shadow banned on Tik Tok you literally they will just take away your account so make sure that your content has all those qualities and just it could be super flirty and super fun but it doesn't have to be and should not be too spicy now the recommended time that I have my clients make their video clips and I will edit it for them if they need is anywhere from about 5 to 2025 seconds long now you have to understand that with your videos they have to have a good retention rate now what does that mean that means it has to have people watching it for a decent amount of time before they swipe off of it so your content does play a role on Tik Tok so make sure again that you are putting at least a little effort now in the beginning I don't want you to drive yourself crazy so you're not burning yourself out right away but you definitely want to take that into consideration then one step further than that is to make sure that your audios on your content are good and trending so I have a specific method that I teach all of my onetoone coaching clients if you're interested in that you could reach out to me again on Instagram not a problem but with audio you want to find something that is on its way up a trend not on the way down so if you've been hearing an audio but you see that so many people have been doing it and it's been kind of trending for like a month or two now you're not going to want to hop on that Trend especially if you're a new page if you are on a new page and you're established you'll definitely be able to get pushed onto the algorithm with that um with that sound but if you are a new page you're not going to really get as much traction as establish pages with a song that is already going down the trend so that is a very very very big helpful hint there your posting schedule so just like any other social media platform that I go over on all of my other videos Twitter Reddit Tik Tok um Tik Tok we're doing Tik Tock Twitter I'm like so Tongue Tied today guys you have to make sure that you are consistent with posting so that is another reason why I have my clients make a batch of content even before we start their account so that way you have content already made and you're not burning yourself out because in the beginning it is the most crucial to really have a system in place so you don't burn yourself out because if you do you're just going to give up on your business alog together when there is good money to be made on the platform so what you're going to do is have content ready but you have to be consistently posting every single day so I normally have my clients posting or we will post for them if that is what the service that they wanted from us is two to six times per day now I know that sounds like it's a lot but you can always make different Tik toks with the same alfit on just change up your scenery or exactly what you're doing in that video so that is how I am able to batch my client content and what I always tell them to do themselves is you could stay you know that same day you can get as many or as many as you possibly can short video clips so that way you can get a whole bunch of videos within one day but you should be posting two to six times per day every single day and again I know that sounds like a lot but because you can use shorter clips like a 5-second clip you can definitely get a whole bunch of videos all in one go and you'll be fine hashtags so when I first started offering Tik Tok Services a few years ago hashtags weren't really that relevant I was getting my own growth and my client's growth amazing amazing results without the use of hashtags but now the algorithm is changing the platform is changing changing and we have to change along with it right so now hashtags are definitely very prevent on the platform but just like I always suggest on all of my other videos for social media you need to do hashtag research before you just kind of slap a whole bunch of hashtags on your posts and you don't really have anything coise because if you do that you're not really going to be placed on the platform correctly so you really want to make sure you're using hashtags but that you do research on your hashtags and the number one tip that I always say to my clients is just use a hashtag that is as closely similar to what your content is it's the best way to get yourself in front of a new audience or excuse me a targeted audience but please do not use the only fans hashtag and do not use only fans fans Le feet BBW don't use things of that nature it's going to be you know brunette bikini beach stuff like that okay lastly something else that has changed on the platform is that content creators before I would just post my videos and log off of the platform and I would get back on and I'd have like a thousand followers overnight now it's a little bit different where they actually are pushing not just the viewers but the content creators to be engaged on the platform as well so you really want to make sure that you are engaging on the platform you are watching other people's Tik toks as well you're liking their Tik toks you're commenting on their Tik toks you're sharing their Tik toks you're saving their Tik toks and this is very very juicy information guys so really pay attention to that so you are going to be doing that right before you go and you post your next um you know your next tick Tik Tok also take advantage of the drafts section in your in your page so that way you can have all of the things that you filmed right on your page and that also shows the platform that you are going to be and are a contributing content creator to their platform in which they do reward that as well I really hope that this video was helpful and you got some useful information on how you can promote your only fans business on Tik Tok if you have any questions comment down below I answer everyone or if you have any other tips and tricks for our viewers comment down below we're all here to help each other out and again if you need any help reach out to me on Instagram that link will be in the video description down below until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fansly-OnlyFans-Fanvue [1 likes]: 👉MSG ME ON TELEGRAM: https://t.me/Onlyfanshelp888
✅ Onlyfans Cheatsheet Printable: https://shorturl.at/PBo7I
  2. @walkswithAnnauk: Great info for content creators
  3. @Firepacks416: proof that even solid 2s are making OF, phuckin wild 😂
  4. @Tonjuandonjuan-Magicjuan: I just sub’d! I will find you on IG! I signed up for OF and want to soak up as much info before I apply to be a creator.
  5. @jerrijazzykitty958: Pretty straightforward

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @doctorasshi: Ipweb best of in promotion all things Wow, I like this awesome post a lot — it’s thoughtful, engaging, and honestly one of the best things I’ve seen today! You’ve got a real talent for spreading smiles 💯🔥💛
  2. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: This video very interesting and helpful
  3. @makaalmadina8165: IPweb is a great site that pay you for watching ads it's easy to work even you are a beginner
Payment is fast and everything great.
  4. @sameerar9718: It's mind-blowing how insanely productive humans, this world, can create.... Forget waking up at 5am to get early work done. Waking up  0am. making 700k a month at 20. This Girl is over 9000 !!! it more good with ipweb
  5. @loremmark12: This video is very informative and very helpful for me.
IPweb
  6. @mrgamingking3: Wow, this video Very informative and  amazing! Thanks for sharing
  7. @RakibHoissein-r2o: Great explanation of how reels can go viral with the right hook. The real examples made it easier to understand and apply. IPweb”
  8. @shamraizjatt7063: Very helpful video 
@ipweb
  9. @ablozbug: Cette vidéo sur les stratégies virales est très instructive, merci ! Je l'ai découverte via IPweb et je ne regrette pas.
  10. @JagaNnath-k2m: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!
  11. @Shangkarmistry832: I hope ipweb is the best income in the world.❤
  12. @PritamDebnath-y5w: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!
  13. @mdrobinahmedmaruf3983: This video is very helpful, I found it through IPWeb💜💜
  14. @iyadgh5366: مثير للاهتمام ipweb
  15. @minahilniazi5622: IPweb = easy + fast + real earning 💰
  16. @SabbirReja-s1v: Waking up yesterday is a whole new level of beating your opponent
@ipweb
  17. @Ali.reactionvideos: Amazing video @ipweb
  18. @Furqatbek3999: Vov
  19. @raselmedia5557: Awesome experience about Instagram। It's all good for ipweb
  20. @RakibRakib-x2h: Ipweb is the best option for promoting videos and get intense amount of views . Recommend for everyone to get more viewers . Ipweb is very easy to use

- Watch a Man Lure Teenage Girls He Found Online in Social Experiment: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it's shocking video burning up the internet as parents learn their kids have agreed to meet a stranger they met online Michaela are you crazy the video was created by Coby person a 21 year old from New Jersey who has a massive following on YouTube I made a fake profile on Facebook posing as a 15 year old boy with the parents permission I friend requested three girls ages 14 13 and 12 years old most of them said like a generic thing like oh how do I know you were who are you I don't know you why are you talking to me and I'd be like oh no I just moved to the town I moved to your town and I'm just trying to make friends the video shows three scenarios in one a 13 year old girl agrees to be Coby it's hard so just got a text my parents just left I can be at the park in 10 minutes Michaela from Facebook her dad was waiting with Kobe Makayla are you crazy are you any mine this dad was sure his twelve-year-old daughter knew about stranger danger so she wants to chill tonight supposedly think she's you open the door god I hope she hasn't open that door but to her dad's horror she did you're 12 years old and in the last case parents wait in a van mom thinks she taught her 14 year old daughter to know better do you think she's gonna go through with this no I don't believe it's her friends but here she comes mom and dad put on hoods to really hammer home their message got a stomach another father Jenna what are you thinking they did a good job I wanted it to be a little more scarier but he'll be afraid the young girls might be traumatized whatever trauma they had it would be a hundred these are the same girls that would have been in the real-life situation and it would have been 100 times worse listern is CEO of diva mom's calm my immediate reaction to this video was of course that it was scary but at the same time I thought it was amazing and I think that children and teens and tweens everywhere I need to watch this video there are skeptics some think it's all a setup with the kids even being in on the act one online comment reads I think this was all staged the people are actors but this is a good message Kobe says it's all real and just wants to teach kids a lesson so far more than 25 million people have seen the video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Glitchy_Memer [1 likes]: Woman ☕
  2. @rileydoan1194 [1 likes]: Meeting stranger in a car is one thing but in a van is playing with your life
  3. @StormyTalks [1 likes]: 1. He's still pretending to be predatory.

2. The parents are blaming their daughters for any danger they put themselves in.

This is not okay.
  4. @Pablo44528 [1 likes]: Dude I’ve randomly remembered this channel I’m glad I could find it again
  5. @windsongmoonchild6400: "Trauma"? That should teach those kids some lessons.
  6. @ErduanDemiri: Original meam
  7. @Wilhelmscre4m: That is some misguided way to teach your kids. Fo not terrorize your children like this
  8. @CedricGreen-v3n: Maybe this is the reality they all need because it could've been a real person snatching them.
  9. @elleanorjinner6965: I've been in situations where I was almost kidnapped like these girls, except it was real and not staged. It's scary that this happens every day to you g women out there
  10. @imfreeze95: I am in complete agreement with the parents
  11. @emmanuelhuertas7410: lol I just know this video from h3h3 productions 😂
  12. @lokieleven374: time to invent reverse chris hanson send some kids to prison XD
  13. @svteenostalgia: i never understood why people think screaming at your kids will make them understand things better. it just scares them without them actually fully grasping the situation as they're too focused on apologizing. they have to understand why they're apologizing too.
  14. @babyhandgrenade4004: I'm not blaming the girls here but I guess I kind of am in a way. No one is ever at fault when they are assaulted but at the same time, you should exercise common sense. Never get into a vehicle with someone you don't know. You don't know what their intentions are. This is the same reason I refuse to use Uber and Lyft. Just because it's not on someone's background check does not mean they didn't do it. It just means they didn't get caught. I'm sorry but don't put yourself in a situation like that.

Edit: I just saw that these are younger girls. In that case, I don't blame them. If you are an adult, I sort of place the blame on you as well because you should know better. As I was saying, exercise, sense and do not put yourself in a situation where something could happen to you.
  15. @freeMKTfreePPL: How those fathers and parents reacted tells me why the girls did what they did.
  16. @LordKronoz1: What is the kids thinking 😢
  17. @shastamarieharvey5216: This is a great idea! And they all need to understand it's can happen to them
  18. @michaelcorrigan6577: Thats kinda messed up even though i get the point
  19. @Rico-Frid: Bro, they’re children.

It’s crazy how easy it is for adults to pretend to be kids.
  20. @bocchitharokku: Bruh why is this on my YouTube bruh

- Hasan EXPOSED for Cyber Harassment: Kind: captions Language: en What's going on y'all? Let's take a look at this video you guys sent me from Legal Mindset and it's going to be talking about Hassan. Hassan's nasty as hell. You already know how I feel about that. Already know how I feel. I think is nasty. But let's check out what Legal Mindset has to say. See what's going down out here in these streets. These YouTube streets that is. Hit the like button. Subscribe if you haven't. Again, as he goes on a harassment spree, shout us legal. [Music] Son is in hot water yet again as he goes on a harassment spree. We're going to talk about today on the legal mindset. We teach you to be your own judge. I'm of course Andrew Esquire, American attorney, and this is a fast fact video, which brings you the quick and dirty. >> Fancy ass name right there. >> That just sound like he about to win a case. >> Esquire, let me get in trouble and get a lawyer. Man named Esquire, son. I'm going be hyped. I already know I won this thing. You seem like he played lawyer as a childhood game version of the latest in legal news. If you like the fast facts, make sure to like the video and leave a comment below. So, Hassan once again is not learning from the past, is not learning from people telling him what to do because Twitch is not punishing him for previous bad behavior. And once again, we have Hassan engaging in activities which may very well violate California law and certainly violate Twitch's uh terms of service. So, let's get into the videos uh which I posted on my my account on X uh where he goes through the prohibited behavior. So, we'll play that right here and let you guys take a watch. Yeah. Dylan Burns, Hunter Avalon, Hutch, Destiny's own personal chef. Like, this is this is what happened. This is what took place. Okay. And the pack actually did uh unironically uh raise a bunch of money off of like people who thought that they were uh giving money to to a a um a political action committee that was going to go around and and you know do door doornocking campus operations which they >> So you see there and that's the end of the clip where he is exposing these people you know Dylan Burns Hunter Avalon etc. uh all their names, their city, their state, their zip code, right? He's putting out all their personal information. That's what I thought that was. Yo, that's he just doxed all of them. Oh man, that's definitely illegal. I was wondering I'm like, why is all that blurred? Cuz he docks their personal information. here on the internet. And the problem with that is when you have 30,000, 20,000, 40,000 people watching live and then the replays get a bunch, they get replayed everywhere, people react to them. So, we're looking at potentially millions of eyeballs on this information, you're putting those people in a position where anybody who doesn't like them, right, in this civil war that's going on on what might be called the online left, not that the political affiliations matter because they're completely irrelevant. Whether this happens on the left or right, it is still potentially illegal because these people's information is now out there. They're putting it out in a way where any enemy, any person who hates them, whatever that sees that is is incentivized to go out there and take some sort of action, especially knowing that things like this have happened in the past. For example, with Hunter Avalone, who's on that list, has had an incident in the past where he was almost killed with the uh, you know, crazy ex who came and shot his girl. on Avlon used his girlfriend as a human shield and hid behind her >> friend that whole situation. So you've got you know a history here where you know this can happen when information is put out there and you're putting these people at risk. This is something that a reasonable person whose information has put that on the internet in front of hundreds of thousands of people potentially millions is going to be afraid of and that's what people who uh are have seen this and reacted to this are saying for example here is uh Hutch uh who is talking about this scenario and how uh you know and how it's violative of at least the Twitch to >> not only was he doing these baseless accusations he doxed us he doxed us. >> That's crazy. >> He dodged that. It's like prominently featured on his screen. Like, hello. Uh, hello. Are we like I don't know what to say, man. I mean, like, I reported the VOD. The VOD is still up, you know, like you can find the VOD on his channel. I reported the VOD. I sent an email to >> and that's the edited version. Yo, that's wild. The edited version. >> Yeah, that's nuts, bro. That's nasty work. >> Like Twitch support, >> I added them. >> Like if he if if there's no consequence for this, like I don't know what are there just like there's just no rules. Like I don't is a blatant violation of Twitch's doxing policy. Like if you go to their polit. >> So he streamed it. This guy docked some mad people and then edited it and still uploaded it. Doxing him. Oh, these people again, which we'll go through later as well. This is what it says about doxing. Doxing of any kind is prohibited by Twitch's community guidelines, even if the perpetrators only expose information available via the public record. And that's the key there. So even under Twitch's policy, even if that information is in the public record, even if it's something that's out there, that's something that can be that's against their policy. So even if you could find that somewhere online, right, even if that's posted somewhere online, that's not good enough. And by the way, for California law, that's also not good enough. Once again, not every state has these laws, but some states do, which is why it can indeed constitute cyber harassment. Right? We're going to talk about the two California laws that this clearly would fall within the scope of if law enforcement decide to actually look at this and take this seriously. Uh the first one is electronic harassment. That's under 153.2 of the California Penal Code. And that one reads, "Every person with intent to place another person in reasonable fear for his safety or the safety of their family by means of electronic communication and without consent." Of course, these people didn't consent. and for the purpose of eminently causing the other person unwanted contact, injury, harassment by a third party. And they elect electronically distribute, publish emails, hyperlinks, or make available personal identifying information uh including but not limited to a digital image or electronic message of a harassing nature which would be likely to incite or produce an unlawful action. Guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by up to one year in jail or by a fine of not more than $1,000 or by both fine and imprisonment. So you see that here. So, what do we have? Uh, with electronic harassment, it doesn't in this statute anywhere say that the information has to be quote unquote private or secret or confidential. No, even public information that contains that identifiable information, the name, the address, the state, the city, all that stuff where someone could come and find them and harass them and would incentivize people. And we know there are unhinged people. We see it every day, particularly in the United States, guys. Uh we see it all the time where people are just going to people's houses, attacking them, doing crazy things, unhinged things, illegal things, >> which is it's disgusting, especially as a content creator, right? so far. And I ain't no victim, so I I don't want to talk about this too crazy, but two times people have tried to fight me in real life based off of internet, as in like they ran up on me and hypothetically in a video game, we got in a fist of cuffs. I don't think that's what's the word about um I want to use that's inexcusable. I don't think that there's any reason for that in any way, shape, or form is based off of people being in their feelings off of me having an opinion. But I do think that that's takes it up a whole another level. And it's very likely to incentivize that unlawful action. Uh and the the only criteria here is whether it seriously alarms, annoys, torments, or terrorizes a reasonable person. And let's be honest, if any of you out there at home had your address and home showed on a stream with 50,000, 100,000 people that were, you know, maybe half a million that are going to watch that video. Yeah, I'm sure you would be at least annoyed, right? Seriously annoyed. So, it would meet that standard. The other thing is there's no legitimate purpose to his doxing. Look, this is not to >> have some sort of fundraiser. This is not, you know, a business saying, "Hey, go buy from them or whatever else." This is somebody's personal address at home, right? So there's no >> Yeah, there was no reason for him to do it besides I guess so much cockiness that he didn't really think it mattered that he could just do whatever he wants and him not knowing how to do his actual job. There was no reason to dox those people. As much as I don't like Hunter Avalon, I'm not a supportive doc. You know what I mean? So I just I think that was real nasty of a sign to do. I don't even think maybe he did it on purpose. So, I can't even say it was idiotic, but he did it. >> Good reason why you need to be giving out that information. And you know, look, the penalty is not crazy. It's one year in jail. It's not a life sentence. It's not the death penalty, right? But there is a consequence for this action. And this could stack with multiple people. Yes, that could stack up. The other other statute is number um 646.9. This is a California Penal Code. And this is when any person willfully, maliciously, or repeatedly follows or or willfully maliciously harasses another person and who makes a credible threat with intent to place that person in reasonable fear or the safety of their family. And that's once again punishable by the same penalty. So to harass once again means to seriously alarm, annoy, torment or terrorize, right through your conduct. Okay? And it can be electronic. So credible threat means verbal or written including perform. >> He might go down for sure. Maybe not from Twitch cuz that's their baby. He treat his son like he a golden child. They get away with everything through the use of electronic communication device. So when you're using the internet that counts. That's enough, right? And what is this intending to do? Well, it's intending to alarm, annoy, torment, terrorize those people. There's no legit purpose for this and you don't need to prove under these statutes a cyberstalking statute or rather the stalking statute that has a cyber element. Um it does not require you to prove that they're actually harm just that you are causing them fear. And I think once again a reasonable person would be in fear after hearing this under California law. So you know you could stack up those two charges. Look at that. Just those two charges from one person. >> And imagine if everybody put them charges on him as a wrap. He's going down. >> It's up to two years there and a fine. I mean, that's pretty serious uh time there. Now, let's look at Twitch's liability. So, Twitch, you know, at this point, we heard Hutch say he's informed Twitch. And I'm sure there's other people that have. So, at this point, Twitch knows. Twitch cannot say they don't know. Dan Clancy cannot say, "I was unaware of this. I didn't know this was happening." >> They going to pretend like they didn't. They going to act like like they ain't know nothing. Watch. And at this point under their own policy which very much describes doxing as showing the real name, contact information, social security number and home address. So you've got the the three real name, contact, home address. You've got that information out there that he's putting out there that's clearly doxing. Now you know they do have another section which I'm not showing here which says okay well not all doxing is necessarily illegal. If something is public it's not necessarily illegal. And that is true because in certain states private it's only private information or confidential information etc. In other states the statues are ambiguous but California is pretty straightforward. California includes information even that is public and so sound like he got sound like he messed up big time. I see man I think he's nasty and something like this was bound to happen eventually. Do I think his fans care? No. They probably took that as a sign to go after everyone else on the screen. >> In their policy, it doesn't matter either. Just like was read earlier, doxing of any kind is prohibited under Twitch's community guidelines. Even if available via public record. So, you see right there, it doesn't matter if the if the PII was public, if it's released without consent, file a report will investigate and enforce against the docer if appropriate. So, they're choosing to say that his behavior is okay. And what I'm saying here is they've been informed. They've been alerted. They allow this. At this point, they're allowing it repeatedly. It's not just a one-time thing. I've talked about this before. This has gone again and again. It's a clear violation of the terms of service. It's openly disregarded due to bias. And at this point, it's not speculative at all. >> There's a fact. If he gets no penalty for this, we already know what it is. Even though I think that that was pretty much the case from the beginning. I think we already knew what it was. >> Bias here. They've got Hassan as the golden boy. We get it. We get it. We get it. He obviously gets a slap on the wrist when everybody else would get a permanent ban or a very, very, very long-term ban for the exact same conduct. This opens the door to future escalation to situations like what happened to Hunter Avalone, unfortunately. Right? No one wants that these things to happen. Of course, if there was a situation where somebody unfortunately had an incident where there's an assault, a battery, even like I said, an attempted murder, right? These things can all happen. If this happens, Twitch will then have blood on its hands because they have known. They have known this stuff could happen. >> They should have corrected it. And what all the like streamers that copy Hassan that's going to do exactly everything that he does. Oh yeah, it's a right. You put so many people at risk. They have known these situations can't happen and they have ignored that. When a third party takes action based on what Hassan is doing or based on what any other content creator on Twitch is doing, that can come back to them. That can absolutely come back to them and it will and it's playing with fire. It's absolutely dangerous. It's reckless and at this point it's willful. It's willful. They know what they're doing and they're choosing willfully to ignore it. But I want to know what you guys think in the comments below. Uh, and I will catch you on >> I mean, I think this is nasty work. I think it's I I ain't gonna say it's gonna be over for Hassan, right? Cuz I think he's at a point when it come to wokeism where almost too big to fail, right? It would have to take a lot. It would take criminal charges, like actual criminal charges, not allegations. So, if these do go through, we'll see. Time will tell. Tell me what you think down in the comment section. Hit the like button. Share the video as well. And if you want to support me extra, sign up for Patreon. It helps me out. helps me keep going so I don't disappear for five months again and creating content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FB-nw8pp: Fang Gang!
  2. @katarinafiebelkorn8171: Fang Gang
  3. @JabbarMuhammad-f8j: Hasan is a cyber bully

- Cyber-bullying Facts – Top 10 Forms of Cyber Bullying: Kind: captions Language: en top 10 forms of cyber bullying cyber bullying is a worldwide problem that's growing fast in this video we'll take you through the top 10 forms of cyber bullying so you have the knowledge to protect your children one exclusion exclusion can happen in several ways your child might be deliberately excluded from online activities conversations or social media tags children who don't have the latest technology such as a mobile phone or PR to exclusion two harassment harassment is sustained and intentional bullying comprised of abusive or threatening messages sent to your child or to a group this can severely affect a child's mental well-being three outing outing is the act of publicly humiliating a child or group through the online posting of private or embarrassing information without consent even reading your child's messages on their mobile phone out loud can be considered a form of outing four cyber stalking cyber stalking is a dangerous form of cyber bullying in which attackers harass victims through online Communications like email or social media it also refers to adults using the internet to contact and meet young people for abusive purposes five fraping fraping is when someone logs into your child's social media account and impersonates them posting inappropriate content in their name remember everything rude or otherwise posted online may never be fully gone even if deleted six fake profiles fake profiles can be created by someone to hide their real identity with the intention of cyber bullying your child the cyber bully may also use someone else's email or mobile phone to harass them seven dissing dissing is sending or posting cruel information about your child online to damage their reputation or friendships it also includes posting damaging photos screenshots or videos online eight trickery trickery involves gaining your child's trust so that Secrets can be shared publicly online a cyber bully will befriend your child leading them into a false sense of security before sending their private information to others nine trolling trolling means deliberately provoking a response through the use of insults on online forums and social media sites a troll will personally attack your child aiming to make them angry and provoke a response 10 catfishing catfishing involves stealing online identities and recreating social networking profiles for deceptive purposes catfishers look at your child's profile and take information to create a fake persona this could involve using personal information potentially damaging your child's online reputation please share this video with other parents to help spread awareness and put a stop to cyber [Music] bullying

- Dear Stalkers, Cyberbullies & Online Wannabe Tough Guys - Here's A Dose Of Reality - Video 7586: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] here's a I don't know if you call it a light-hearted video or a funny video but this is more of a response this is in response to one particular guy from India young man who has been Rel religiously sending me threats that he will destroy me he will uh destroy my life destroy my family destroy my brand destroy my groups he'll make sure that I run out of business and you know uh the reason being is he got booted out of my WhatsApp groups and not only that he has also thre certain members whom he had a scuffle with he will destroy them personally personally he'll destroy them he's given the names of the members so now uh I know some of you say don't give importance but I let me address it so that you understand now here's the thing let's assume the guy is really someone powerful he's Mafia member or some underworld or he some really powerful guy okay let's assume see one something I'll tell you someone who's powerful know powerful Rich influential famous they don't have to tell what they will do they will do it uh you can just just Google search the murders in Kota Islands Co k h o t a o Kota Islands or whatever or here in Samui the islands where I stay every day there's a death every day not an exaggeration every day there's a death or an accident or missing person is missing straight off okay and most of them remain unsolved like you can say it was an accident but how do you know it was not done on purpose and kot which is more Infamous it's controlled by certain groups um if you for lack of a better word if you're too noisy or bringing attention to yourself bad things can happen there have been mysterious deaths murders okay forget there most of these countries even us how did Epstein die you think it was suicide how do you think uh most of the powerful people forget abstain think of anyone powerful how do they die anything like a Iran's big powerful leaders through a drone okay so the point I'm trying to say is if someone has to get rid of you they'll do it in seconds I this is not an exaggeration if you check the video numbers that I have there are certain numbers missing why because there have been certain individuals who gave me a very polite phone call and said hi ly how are you fine very polite and they communicated a certain message hey doggy they communicated a certain message and I knew for a fact who has dealing with and uh very politely they said just bring down the video or you know we can get uncomfortable they never give death threats or anything now I'm not talking of those people who requested politely to take down the video which is understood some cases they compensate me by saying okay this is for the trouble of putting the video which is my normal charge please take it out fine yeah you know we don't want issues and problems someone is compensating me fine you do your thing I do mind but if it is let's say a news article I'm speaking about news and you threatening me with this and that that you can't do anything because a newsworthy this thing I'm reporting the news I'm not you have to go to the news source but then there are those videos which I know who am I can't mention they said see L um just sck down the video that's it they would not say much I I'll tell you I know I've spoken to them on video I've seen their face it's not a deep fake this before deep fake became a and uh for a video you wouldn't want your wife your kid for you to go through anything I'll tell you I have that WhatsApp Group which is blood gore and orish some of the executions performed by the cartel you you know when you go to a butcher shop they show you how they chop chop meat these people are alive they're not dead they're alive and they do such horrendous things [Applause] you I don't know how they do it I don't know how they do it I can't even describe it is that that so the point I'm trying to say is someone who has to do something bad to me will do it without saying they will not talk they'll not threaten they'll just do it like you know in the movie American Gangster Edis Elba that was during his same guy who acted in thought for famous he's a famous actor and DJ by the way so in this scene he is in Denzel Washington he is he's playing in that role so denel Washington that's his area or something like that so this guy Edis alai is another gangster he going around I don't I don't know asking you know give me the money give me the money or whatever so Denzel Washington wants to prove a point he says you wait here it's a very iconic scene he goes takes his gun and through story him this taken from a true story she goes up to address Alba and says I don't want you here or something like so edress says H what you'll do in front of all these people because he saw his gun he said what you'll do in front of all these people you going to shoot me want to shoot me and then he say shoot me here takes his gun I don't know whether he holds it he's like shoot me here okay and you normally think that he'll just hold the gun and say yeah you better not do it there a wash just take just shoots finish he's dead front of of everybody and then Denzel Washington comes back and sits quietly and he's talking as if nothing happened very iconic scene you must watch that on YouTube desel Washington Edis Alba you know American Gangster shoot shoot him just type that so the point I'm trying to say is someone had to do something they'll just do it they don't have to war nothing but as far as our Indians go now our Indians are the bark is worse than the bite they'll always bow wow wow you you see some dogs bow wow wow wow wow wow but when you walk towards them they run away that is why in Indian you see even political gangs they'll never go alone they'll go with 10 20 people they'll act like big thugs have you ever seen in India gangster walk alone in an area no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people will take knives and hockey sticks and rods and murder him that's why they'll come in so our Indians strength comes in groups and when there are no groups they come by being anonymous like this person who's sending me he's trying his level best to hack into my accounts you know when you type forget your password then they send okay send me the password send me alternative so he's trying to trying to get my password or link or something uh he's trying to overcome the two Factor authentication now it's not that you can't it's not that a hacker cannot hack into my accounts yes there are professional hackers who can do that 100% you don't even have to be a professional hacker is a baseline hacker but to be smarter than Google's you know fail safe the thing you really have to be experienced in that so it's not that it has not happened if prime minister modi's account can be hacked anybody's account can be hacked okay so I don't discount them and I don't uh you know disrespect them there are professional hackers but for a guy with a keyboard and mouse Anonymous staying with Mom and Dad and struggling to pay ends your bills you cannot so he's trying through I've done two Factor authentication I've done you know the USB key and codes and all that all that is and I've done my due diligence still it happens we'll see okay so now that part is taken care of so now the problem is or the question is am I not scared of this guy see like I told you know if someone has to do something he'll do it to me my wife my kid what can you do about it but does that mean just because I believe in that I'm going to literally do something that will put them in armm's way no common sense should Prevail like there have been so many articles there have been so many newsworthy stuff of very powerful people who have chosen not to speak about in fact when staying in a country when I was in UA why never put a video about any shik or Muslim because you don't want to like they say panga you don't want to get into a tussle with someone powerful someone with money or someone where contacts connections we just don't want it's not worth it it's a YouTube channel man so if I'm not looking to make trouble that's one thing but if you are a college student or you are a bum or you're just unemployed guy you can't do anything and someone who keeps telling you I will do this I will do this I will do this you will not do it because the person who can do will never talk I've been told this from a very young age the person who can do will not talk and the person who talks never does okay that is why this happened in India this actually happened to me during Gulf War I was studying at uh in Mumbai St Xavier's High School Villa parley studying there for a few months so there was this classroom filled with 100 all boys it was a boys school so I was at the back benchers with you know back benches mostly gangsters so sitting there I was new you know just doing my thing and these gangsters were sitting there and you know some of them were very loud and Brash CH this or that I was in eth standard I remember that clearly so I sitting there and there was this one guy I think his name was abas or something Muslim guy from Mumbai he was always quiet he was minding his own business but he was also a gangster who other guys got afraid of but he would never talk so all these other guys they were talking and you know bring me and because I was a new Dubai guy and I was like he he he and I was like hey shut up man hey what you do and because I never experienced gangsters okay so they say we will show you and we will do this we will do that and they were threatening me and like yeah you show what you're going to so then one of them seriously Happ that one of them said okay you have guts make fun of abas so I knew abas he was a guy with glasses he used to always keep quiet but I you know I didn't have any problems with him but I was like okay they're challenging me to do something to abas okay so I turned around I was turning around this way so he was sitting there so I turned around this way and remember it's a large room with maybe 10 or 12 desks 100 student teacher doesn't know what's going on so I turn this way and I said who's abas so they pointed at him so he looked at me he was writing something so he said ah I don't care about abas what he'll do so abas just looked up at me and told me boss I remember he went to the her boss don't play with me okay play with them you don't play with me okay I'm telling you just once don't play with me so he continu writing so I looked and they were like oh see he told him so you obviously my he Pride got hurt so I turned around again like sham so I look front and then like what you'll do he once again repeated very quietly boss last time don't play with me okay telling you nicely you're new you don't know me don't play with me okay I'll not repeat this again so once again I had to look front I turned around and I just said what I just opened my mouth to say what this guy took his fist and in Split seconds he gave me such a sock on my jaw that was the first time I got a sock on my jaw and you could say like Tom and it went this way and my head turned and everyone burst out laughing and then the teacher was like what is happening and I'll s kept quiet and oh I I saw Stars really I saw Stars I was like huh what what and uh you know I I just Tred to gather myself that the first time I got shocked and that guy kept quiet I was like know good thing the teacher didn't see that you know she would ask me what happened so then after that I I didn't have the guts to look back I just he didn't say anything but you can be rest assured after that I never fooled around with that guy never looked back at that side never fooled around with anyone and all of them laughed they teased me they mocked me but I realized okay these guys may be harmless this guy you know he doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk later on I found out this guy is actually a hardcore kind of gangster hardcore he was jailed many times his father was called even though he's such a young boy I was like better not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around with him so just see the guy who could do it never sted but the guy who could uh you know the guy who could do he never talked but the guy who you know talked less did more and he did one thing and finish in the same way throughout my life you know I've I've met people through experience the ones who can do they don't talk that is why in my earlier days when I was young I uh you know us to follow this Muhammad Ali strategy as to you know public speaking as to mentally tell them I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do this I'm going to do that you know Mohammad Ali us always Psy up his uh competitors but what I learned through life those guys okay they psyching you up and that is a strategy psychological warfare you can Google search even on schwarzeneger versus Frank Zayn that is why in boxing you know when they are going to fight the guys look at each other's face and they talk smack and I'll do this to you to your wife to your children so they get them out of there again the most famous one is Conor McGregor Google search is on Conor McGregor versus Jose Aldo the guy who never lost for 10 years this guy got into his head and destroyed him and he destroyed him before coming into the ring and Conor McGregor knocked him out in few seconds a man who could not be touched only because of his words Kor McGregor has that gift but more dangerous than that person is Google search this guy Fedor f e d o r the man who never spoke he never said a single word he never talk smack never made fun of you never challenged you just SK right he was he used to walk like this but one shot he'll give you his name is Fedor emen UFC MMA fighters MMA fighters will know who is he's a legend he would never talk he would always look down he was always humble smiling but if he fought with you you finished so bottom line is this man barking dogs seldom bite and the ones who can do they don't talk yes there are people who can do and can talk but uh through life I've known meeting gangsters meeting Hitmen you may not believe me when I tell you this I have coached X Hitmen x conmen x gangsters the guys who can do they will never talk they'll keep a low profile you can Google search uh I think there's one mafia guy he has a YouTube channel now I can't get his name the guys who talk they'll not do but the guys who can do never talk so that is why for me this guy is another typical Indian who blah blah blah blah blah he'll continue until one day he meets someone who will not talk to him but will do ensure him and that'll be the last day he will Buck that's for a fact anyway this guy will be getting him back in the group of mine because he claimed he could destroy my members and destroy me so I'll be getting him back to see how much of his threat he carries out and if you're watching this video my dear friend please uh let me know your latest number I'll add you back so we just all of us want to see what you're going to do so it's a friendly invite feel free and like you said you're going to destroy our lives and destroy us destroy me my family my career my brand send me an email with your latest number I'll add you let's see what you'll do all right you guys take care as me signing off and we are not going to harm you that's a fact we're going to be very courteous with you but you said you're going to harm us so we look forward to it so you guys take care me signing off bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @abhishekmukherji8620 [5 likes]: I haven't study human psychology or anything but i have observed one thing large masculine guy or very Rich people and dominating personality are very polite and very nice they will never showoff . But avg  or common people will always show off and try to show how powerful they are this is always true ..
  2. @pamela7433 [4 likes]: ❤😊THANK YOU FOR SHARING. TAKE CARE LOY AND EVERYONE.
  3. @shirleydmello5995 [4 likes]: I love listening to you every day Loy.....I have learnt so much from your experiences...Thank you for sharing.I have never travelled much nor been part of any corporate set up...but still know how they function. Thanks to you.And best of all I have now the courage to stand up for myself while dealing with the in laws.this is after being a door mat for more than 20years.
  4. @misterbig9025. [3 likes]: BUT SIR MY INDIA IS THE REAL SUPERPOWER 🤗🇮🇳 WE HAVE THE BEST INFRASTRUCTURE AND HIGHSPEED RAIL 🤗🇮🇳 THIS WHY IM SO LUCKY LIVE IN SUPER INDIA THE CLEANEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD 🤗🇮🇳, WE NEVER SCAM! WE GIVE RESPECT TO ALL WOMEN THEY CAN WALK SAFELY ALONE AT NIGHT AND WE HAVE CLEAN FOOD AND TOILET EVERYWHERE 🇮🇳🤗🚽, I KNOW MANY POOR PEOPLE JEALOUS WITH SUPER RICH INDIA 🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗🇮🇳🤗
  5. @pamela7433 [3 likes]: ❤😊GOOD DAY LOY AND EVERYONE.
  6. @SwastikPatel-x1s [3 likes]: Bullies are common in boy's school.
  7. @SwastikPatel-x1s [3 likes]: Bark is worst than the bite fits perfectly🤣
  8. @SwastikPatel-x1s [3 likes]: Yes sir that scene from American gangster is really powerful it shows that we shouldn't mess with certain people.
  9. @rgkafk5djsk [1 likes]: Very Good Information! Those who only talk can't achieve what they say ! What's Ur take on Influencers who talks that they can do a lot of things...do you think they can really do it ? How much will you charge for videos like this ?
  10. @Diwanechacha [1 likes]: I was in some of your groups i left because of this bullies they are mentally sick few of them
  11. @avaranabraham8507 [1 likes]: Abbas is like Billy the kid
  12. @albananthonyrose8388 [1 likes]: the way you speak really is a comfort for all Keep doing your great work Loy you are a superhuman
  13. @ElizabethYaden [1 likes]: ❤ watching ur videos 😍👍
  14. @Hpanda1 [1 likes]: Hi Loy, please see videos of twisted Pakistani cricketers Muhammad Rizwan and Haris rauf and you'll see the twisted psychology of some of these online trolls and bullies.
  15. @hydroxychloroquine5078 [1 likes]: People who are sending you threats have nothing better to do. 

Even I think you are an NRI uncle who left India in the 70s-80s who obviously has a negative view of the country which is natural for the time at which people left, I don't hold it against you.
  16. @SwastikPatel-x1s [1 likes]: oh this person I remember him I don't know what does he want.
  17. @Blu3_SK33 [1 likes]: 1st like Mr loy good day to u sir!!🎉

- Finn Wolfhard Defends Stranger Things Cast From Online Harassment | The Teen Vogue Take: Kind: captions Language: en Phin wohlfahrt of stranger things is speaking out against online harassment here's your not so friendly reminder that fin Milly Noah Dayton Caleb and city all range in age from 13 to 16 so it's actually really gross when adults say that they're hot or yell at them on the street hey there I'm Heather Martino and this in your teen vogue tape on Wednesday been tweeted hey everybody I don't want to excommunicate anyone from this fandom but if you're for real you will not harass my friends or coworkers y'all know who you are this is on top of a recent video where an adult fan called fin rude when he walked into a building and didn't stop to say hi business cast meet Shannon purser aka barb came back from the dead to defend fin lady Sansa of House Winterfell aka sophie turner also stood up for fin tweeting it doesn't matter if they're an actor they're kids first give them the space they need in order to grow without feeling like they owe anyone anything for living out their childhood dreams with all the hype around stranger things there's been much discussion surrounding the treatment of the young actors in general they may be huge stars and fans may adore them but at the end of the day they are teenagers and they don't have to perform for you when they're off duty and let's face it there's a creepiness factor that settles in when you have a group of adults waiting outside of fourteen-year-olds hotel lobby no matter how much stranger things might have resonated with multiple generations what do you think about all this are you a fan of stranger things let us know in the comments below and like and subscribe to teen vote for the latest bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ekelly2911 [6 likes]: The media outlets have his tweet completely wrong. The point of it was to tell certain fans to stop harassing and sending rude messages to Iris Apatow who starred in his "Sonora" music video. They had a kissing moment for two seconds and those certain fans went after her because they shipped Fillie/Mileven and freaked out EVEN THOUGH they were ACTING.
  2. @priscillarascon3167 [2 likes]: I'm a Fan💕🙈...But I'm not creepy to get involved in his stuff😕.Leave him alone... adults are starting to get creepy these days😬💭....I'm ok because I'm there age but the adults on the other hand is just Weird😬😕...
  3. @SamRaycraft [2 likes]: This just in -- in you're an adult and famous you DO owe people a hello.
  4. @yael2919 [1 likes]: i am a fan for stranger things okay finn is my celebrity crush but i'm 13 so it's okay
  5. @trunksGav [1 likes]: Also  He is an actor he isnt with Millie and even if he was actors kis other people and even if he was with that girl in the music video. so what.. I mean okay I was 10 when I saw Macualey Culkin Kiss Anna Chulumsky  in My Girl.. n that was just a ek.. but didnt like Macaulay for it.. But I was 10. I understand he was an actor though Grow up  What ay gonna do if The writes of Stranger things decide Mike  cheats on Jane.. gunna send hate..? Reminds me of the Neighbours sitcom when Karl Kennedy cheated on his wife, and all that but yet he got so much hate for it.. Noo dude.. Finn if you're reading this.. Im sure you dont need me to tell yo ignore idiots like that, Millie will tell you all about the jealous folk and attitude to take.. Idiots or what?

if they are harassing the girl too, the same applies..
  6. @Animelover65715: why would someone over 18, in the right state of mind wait outside for a 14 - year old who did not plan to meet you. YOU'RE STALKING HIM!! YOU HAVE A PROBLEM!!
  7. @juliefender6258: I was creeped out by people calling the cast hot and I don’t even know them
  8. @elle6525: I love ST but people are just dumb
  9. @manuellaloubelo7763: Leave them alone,they went to paris yeah but the jet lag and media guy they are kids that’s not hard to understand,they just want a life like us
  10. @alyssazhang7228: those adults are disgusting and should be ashamed. jesus, they're KIDS and they deserve to live out their childhood. it's okay to like the show and love the actors, but stop being creepy. boundaries, people. boundaries.
  11. @Noone-gg6dg: I love it too much
  12. @Ceng17: The people who disliked this video are probably the ones who harassed them..
  13. @nina2561: They are just kids!!
LEAVE THEM ALONE FOR GOD'S SAKE
  14. @donniedarko5641: sophie turner looks exactly like sadie omg
  15. @donniedarko5641: he was actually talking about iris apatow with this tweet.
  16. @aubreythornock633: Are you kidding me?!
  17. @shadelings: Did this start with Wendy Williams? She actually took that kid (Finn) to task, being the idiot that she is, for not stopping to talk to the obsessed fans who had been waiting outside, all day, to talk to him.  She thinks a 14 year old is OBLIGATED to cater to obsessed fans.
  18. @madelinevoelkel990: Agreeeee
  19. @cherrymartinez3398: MouthBreathers😡
  20. @TheSuburbanBase: If adults had waited outside a hotel for me when I was 14 I would have freaked out. I'm glad Finn knows only weirdo's would do that, and he needs to stay away from them.

- Digital Dust | Your Online Footprint Exposed (Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en We live our lives through screens. It starts quietly. Picture a teenager alone in their room late at night. The only light comes from the phone in their hands. Each swipe, each pause, each like is a tiny silent signal sent out into the world. They are creating a story about themselves, one that they might not even be aware of. This story is written in data recorded and analyzed by forces they cannot see. Now, think about a busy cafe during the day. A professional sits at a small table focused on their laptop. But with every click, they are also leaving behind an invisible trail. Consider a family in their living room setting up a new smart home assistant. Every command, every question, and every background conversation is converted into data. Imagine a young child sitting on the floor completely absorbed by a tablet. But the tablet is also a tool for observation, building a profile. Even at such a young age, these quiet everyday moments are the building blocks of a lifelong digital identity. This invisible trail has a name, digital dust. It is the residue of our online lives. Think of it like the fine particles of dust that settle on furniture. Our digital dust is made up of countless tiny pieces of information like the websites you visit, the articles you read, and the videos you watch. Every time you accept cookies, you allow more dust to be collected, creating a more detailed picture of who you are. This information paints a clear picture of your physical life. All these details combined to form a complex digital twin. This vast accumulation of data is used to understand and predict your behavior. It is gathered, sorted, and stored in massive data centers. Your digital dust is an active force shaping your online and offline world. Every click you make online is more than just a simple action. It's a tiny breadcrumb on your digital trail. Imagine you click on a pair of shoes. That single click starts a chain reaction, recording your interests and building a consumer profile. The website wants to understand how you think, what tempts you, and what makes you change your mind. This is powered by cookies. These cookies track you across the internet. Suddenly, advertisements for those same shoes start appearing everywhere. Your casual click has become a persistent whisper, monitored, cataloged, and used to influence your future clicks. The information is sent to data brokers, bundled with other data points, and sold to advertisers. You've transformed into a target demographic. Each click contributes to the growing mountain of data that defines your digital self. It's a meticulously recorded diary of your online life. The anatomy of a click reveals a startling truth. In the digital world, there is no such thing as a casual gesture. The search bar is one of the most private spaces in the digital world. It's where we confess our curiosities, our fears, and our deepest questions. We trust it with thoughts we wouldn't share with our closest friends. But they don't disappear. Every query you type is saved and linked to your account. Search companies analyze this data to understand not just what you want to know, but who you are. This history is a gold mine for advertisers. Ultimately, your search history can become a liability, creating a permanent and searchable archive of our innermost thoughts. The way we interact with technology is changing. We're moving beyond keyboards and touchcreens into a world of voice commands. We speak to our phones, our cars, and our smart speakers. Hey, what's the weather today? Call mom. Play my workout playlist. It feels honestly effortless, futuristic, and incredibly convenient. We're having a conversation with our devices, but every time we speak, we're creating an echo. That echo is a recording of our voice, which travels far beyond the room we're in. Your command is sent to the cloud to be processed by powerful artificial intelligence. This is how the device understands and responds to you. The process doesn't stop once you get your answer. A copy of your voice recording is often saved and stored. Tech companies say this is done to improve the accuracy of their voice recognition services. They use these recordings to train their AI, helping it better understand different accents, dialects, and speech patterns. To do this, human reviewers may listen to a small anonymized sample of these recordings. This means that a stranger, an employee of the tech company, could be listening to the commands you give in the privacy of your home. The line between improving a service and invading privacy becomes incredibly thin. The problem is that these devices don't just hear the command. They often hear what is said just before or after it. They can capture snippets of background conversations, the sound of children playing, or a private discussion between partners. These accidental recordings, or false wakes, happen when the device mistakenly thinks it heard its wake word. The result is that the intimate soundsscape of your home can be captured and stored without your active intention. The convenience of a hands-free assistant comes with the unsettling possibility of it being an everpresent silent listener documenting moments you believed were completely private. This collection of voice data creates a unique and powerful biometric profile. Your voice is as distinct as your fingerprint. It can be used to identify you and it also carries information about your gender, age, and even your emotional state. This voice print becomes another layer of your digital identity. Another piece of the puzzle that companies are assembling about you. The echo of your command does more than just fetch information or play a song. It leaves behind a permanent personal trace, adding the very sound of your voice to the vast archive of your digital dust. A vocal signature tied forever to your profile. It's the first thing you do on almost any new website. A banner pops up, a wall of text you probably don't read, and a big friendly button that says, "Except cookies." But what are you actually agreeing to? Cookies are not a harmless snack for your browser. They're tiny digital spies, small text files placed on your device to watch your every move. They remember your login details, keep items in your shopping cart, and recall your language preferences. These cookies, particularly third party ones, are designed to follow you across other websites. It's like having a tiny invisible journalist shadowing you, taking notes on everything you find interesting. You clicked on a story about electric cars, and now suddenly, every site you visit is showing you ads for the latest models. It's the hidden language of cookies at work, translating your curiosity into a commodity. This relentless tracking creates a profile of you that is astonishingly detailed and you're the main character whether you like it or not. Each click on that accept button is another small surrender, another piece of your autonomy given away for the sake of convenience. The hidden language of cookies is one of surveillance. Every digital action creates a shadow. This shadow is made of metadata. The data about your data traveling with every photo, email, and call. Hidden within each file is information revealing the camera model, date, time, and even GPS coordinates. This digital shadow follows you everywhere, primarily through your smartphone. It logs your position through GPS, cell towers, and Wi-Fi, creating a detailed map of your life. This location data is a narrative of your daily existence, revealing patterns and habits. This information is incredibly valuable. Companies use it to understand consumer behavior. It's a form of digital surveillance you've opted into, turning your movements into a monetized data stream. Your digital shadow is a detailed permanent record of your life. A shadow you cast but do not control. Our homes are becoming smarter, filled with devices that listen and respond. Smart speakers, televisions, and even refrigerators now come with voice assistants. This convenience comes at a cost. Every time you say the wake word, the device starts recording and sends it to a server. A copy of your voice command is often stored in an unseen archive. A stranger could be listening to what you say in the privacy of your own home. Think about the data from your fitness tracker, your smart TV, and even your connected car. Each of these devices is contributing to a massive interconnected profile of your life. This unseen archive is the raw material of the digital age stored indefinitely in data centers. Your digital dust is being carefully collected and archived creating a permanent record of you. So where does all this digital dust actually go? It doesn't just float around in the ether. It's meticulously collected and stored in vast physical data centers. Picture massive windowless buildings in remote places. Inside, rows of humming servers stretch as far as the eye can see. These are the digital vaults of the 21st century. Climate controlled, heavily secured fortresses that hold the collective memory of our online lives. Your late night searches, holiday photos, and private messages all end up here, converted into bits and bites on a hard drive. It is a library of humanity written in code. The sheer scale of this storage is difficult to comprehend. Companies operate data centers the size of several football fields. They consume enormous amounts of energy requiring complex cooling systems. This is the physical infrastructure that powers the cloud. Your data is often duplicated across multiple servers in different locations to ensure it is never lost, creating redundant copies of your personal information that exist simultaneously in different parts of the world. The longevity of this data is startling. We tend to think of digital information as temporary, easily deleted. But in reality, much of it is stored indefinitely. Once your data is stored, algorithms sift through it to find patterns. They assemble a puzzle using your search history, location data, purchase records, and social media activity. This creates a digital twin, a virtual model built from your data designed to predict your next move. It knows your habits, preferences, and emotional triggers. This twin is constantly updated, becoming a reflection of who you are. Cyber security experts warn that these profiles are bought and sold by data brokers. You become a product, your identity reduced to marketable traits. The ads you see and the news in your feed are curated by algorithms using your digital twin. It creates a filter bubble designed to keep you engaged and predictable. Your digital twin becomes a puppet and companies pulling the strings hold your data. Data isn't just numbers. It's your life recorded in detail. Sarah, a privacy advocate, requested her data from a dating app. She received over 800 pages, every message, every login, every swipe. It was like reading a diary I didn't know I was writing. She said a journalist showed us his Google location file. years of minute-by-minute movements, every visit, every routine, every protest. They could reconstruct my life, he told us, shaken. The emotional impact is real. People feel violated, exposed, and powerless. Some discover their smart devices have recorded private conversations, arguments, or intimate moments. Suddenly, the helpful assistant feels like a spy, your phone, a tracking device. We sign up for convenience, but the trade-off is far more invasive than we realize. These stories reveal the true cost of digital dust. Our privacy, our sense of safety, our control. The data isn't abstract. It's personal and it's everywhere. The question remains, what would your file reveal? The human side of data collection is a wake-up call for us all. Our homes should be private, but smart devices have changed that. Smart speakers, TVs, and baby monitors are always listening, sometimes recording by accident. A misheard word can trigger devices to capture and store private moments, arguments, confessions, or sensitive discussions. These clips may be reviewed by strangers, eroding our sense of safety. Even TVs track what you watch and say, feeding data into targeted ads. Discuss travel plans, and soon you'll see ads for flights. The result? We self-censor, even at home, wary of being overheard. This chilling effect makes us less free, less spontaneous. The convenience of voice activated tech comes at a psychological cost. Our homes are becoming glass houses where privacy is no longer guaranteed. The walls really do have ears. Targeted ads are just the start. Your data builds a digital twin that predicts your every move. Advertisers exploit your vulnerabilities, pushing you when you're most susceptible. The same data can be weaponized in politics fueling filter bubbles and division hackers target these vast data troves leading to identity theft and public exposure. A single breach can reveal your messages, locations, and searches to the world. The real danger is the slow erosion of autonomy. When every action is tracked, true freedom fades. Privacy isn't about hiding. It's about protecting your sense of self. Without boundaries, we lose the space to grow, make mistakes, and define ourselves. The cost of lost privacy is a piece of our humanity. As digital dust accumulates, our freedom slips away. The stakes are higher than we think. What are we willing to trade for convenience? Privacy isn't lost. There are ways to fight back. Start with a VPN. It encrypts your internet traffic, hiding your activity from prying eyes. A VPN masks your location and IP address, making tracking much harder. For messaging, use end-to-end encrypted apps. Only you and your recipient can read your conversations. Review app permissions regularly. Most apps ask for more access than they need. Does a puzzle game need your microphone? Probably not. Limit permissions to protect your sensitive data. These steps, VPN's encrypted messaging and careful permissions help reclaim your privacy. It's about making deliberate choices, not just accepting defaults. Take control of your digital footprint one step at a time. The tools are there. Use them. Privacy is possible, but only if you act. Your data, your rules. Tools matter, but education is our strongest defense. Teach digital literacy. Early kids need to know their online actions last forever. Adults, too, must become conscious consumers, read privacy policies, question data requests, and demand better from tech companies. Market pressure can force companies to value privacy. An informed user is an empowered one. Consider your digital legacy. What happens to your data after you're gone? A digital will lets you decide, preserve, delete, or pass on your digital assets. Controlling your footprint is about intention, not disappearance. Plan for your data's future, just as you do for everything else. Sweep away digital dust and write your own story. Privacy is a choice. Make it yours. The future of your data starts with you. Our digital lives leave an echo. It's the trace of every choice, curiosity, and connection. This documentary explores the world where this echo resides. The world of digital dust. Moments are captured, cataloged, and stored. This is happening now. The story of our lives is being written in data. We've seen how data maps our movements and assembles into a digital twin used to influence us. The bargain for convenience came at a higher cost than imagined. This isn't inevitable dystopia, but a call to awareness. The power to shape our digital legacy remains in our hands. By demanding transparency and managing our data, we can sweep away the dust and be conscious digital citizens. The question is what kind of footprint we choose to leave. By understanding the echo, we control its volume. The power to log out and reclaim our privacy is ours.

- The Social Dilemma | Official Trailer | Netflix: Kind: captions Language: en-US When you go to Google and type, "climate&nbsp;change is," you're going to see different results depending on where you live and the things&nbsp;Google knows about your interests. That's not by accident, that's a design. What I want people to know is that everything they're doing online is being watched, is being tracked. Every single action you take is carefully monitored and recorded. A lot of people think Google's just a search box, Facebook's a place to see what friends are doing. They don't realize there's entire teams of engineers whose job is to use your psychology against you. I was the co-inventor of the Facebook like&nbsp;button. -I was president of Pinterest. -Google. -Twitter. -Instagram. There were meaningful changes happening around the world because of these platforms. I think we were naive about the flip side&nbsp;of that coin. We get rewarded by hearts, likes, thumbs up. And we conflate that with value and with truth. A whole generation is more anxious, more depressed. I always felt like fundamentally it was a force for good. I don't know if I feel that way anymore. Facebook discovered that they were able to affect real-world behavior and emotions without ever triggering the users' awareness. They are completely clueless. Fake news spreads six times faster than true news. We're being bombarded with rumors. If everyone's entitled to their own facts, there's no need for people to come together. There's no need for people to interact. We have less control over who we are and what we really believe. If you want to control the population of a country, there has never been a tool as effective&nbsp;as Facebook. We built these things, and we have a&nbsp;responsibility to change it. The intention could be, "How do we make the world better?" If technology creates mass chaos, loneliness, more polarization, more election&nbsp;hacking, more inability to focus on the&nbsp;real issues, we're toast. This is checkmate on humanity.

  Top Comments:
  1. @muckir1304 [5 likes]: Deleted Instagram after watching this. ❤
  2. @Patricia-sn9ln [3 likes]: This is why I have called it the
Servailence Tool
Since the 90's
Also said to Uncle Bob.
This technology  will destroy  our younger generation. 
In so many ways.

Social Skills
Enjoying nature 
More secluded
Addiction  to screen time.
Games
Movies
Etc.
And we wonder why some kids are obese,Diabetes, Depressed.
  3. @joseatalig5893 [3 likes]: It's a video about social manipulation but they're using it to make you think like them.
  4. @donnalaudel8247 [3 likes]: I rather read a book more. In school
  5. @narinehovhannisyan7628 [2 likes]: I think social media has a very strong influence on how we see ourselves and others. Many people compare their real life with someone else’s “perfect” online life, which is often not real at all. From my own experience, I have noticed that spending too much time on social media can affect mood and confidence.
At the same time, it can also be useful for learning and communication if used correctly. The key is balance. Instead of comparing, we should focus on improving ourselves and using social media as a tool, not letting it control us.
  6. @Silly_goose_pi [2 likes]: I think it's about time to give this a rewatch, ngl…
  7. @shendri21 [1 likes]: These guys have a new documentary about AI. We are in big trouble, and entry day that goes by that we aren't demanding that guardrails be put in plane, the closer we are to losing any control at all.
  8. @PriyaReddyJupally [1 likes]: That's 5 years ago - How can we use a platform and see the resonance and breathing presence - The Balance ♎ Sensuality ; New Earth Tantra ; Natural Intelligence
  9. @Skywarp05 [1 likes]: My favorite part of the documentary was when it called 🍕gate a “baseless manipulative conspiracy” lmao
  10. @ghost-alpha [1 likes]: Yes. Facebook wiped out my country's government in 2025.
  11. @NoticeDue: Thought i was trippen when the like button light up red like they say they listening 💯
  12. @sumonwahidchowdhury3015: Nice
  13. @louididdy: Her high rising tone is really distracting
  14. @chrisr531: This is professional nonsense. It assumes people have no ideas or agency. Silly.
  15. @Tedthecoast: While I agree with 100% with what they are saying maybe some people enjoy being the product of these software giants? Not everything is doom and gloom like these documentaries project it out to be
  16. @kristinayeh6364: 🙄🙄🙄
  17. @lcmROSEebayDOORDASH: hey its jimmy olsen, someone tell him superman hates social media lol
  18. @Islamicmedia1280: Beautiful video
  19. @grimreeper7225: Its all connected by a transmitter signal, and they are putting it in our body by food and drug shots. 
Covid strikes again ⚠️⚠️⚠️
  20. @PiyushxThetics: Jab ye film banayi hogi aur netflix ne ise promote Kiya hoga to kya netflix ne ye nahi sochega hoga kee isse hamari company par affect padega , hamare consumers kam honge , log netflix kam use karenge etc. then netflix ne ise film ko apne app par kyu upload Kiya?

- Understanding Digital Privacy in the Modern World | Tech & Privacy Documentary 2025: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The 21st century has ushered in an era of unprecedented technological advancement. However, this rapid digital transformation has also brought with it a complex and often overlooked issue, digital privacy. In today's digital landscape, data has become the new oil, a valuable resource that fuels the engines of the digital economy. This data collection often happens in the background, invisible to the average user, leading to what some experts call the invisible harvest. We live in an age of unprecedented convenience where technology has made our lives easier and more efficient in countless ways. However, this convenience often comes at a price. The gradual erosion of our digital privacy. The smartphone, a ubiquitous symbol of the digital age, connecting us to a world of information, entertainment, and each other. But beyond its convenience lies a powerful tool for data collection. Constantly gathering information about its user. Every time we connect to the internet, we leave behind a trail of digital footprints, a record of our online activity that can be tracked, analyzed, and even monetized. This tracking occurs through a variety of methods from cookies that store our browsing history to IP addresses that identify our devices and locations. Social media has become an integral part of modern life, connecting us with friends and family, keeping us informed about current events, and providing a platform for self-expression. However, this interconnectedness comes at a price. the erosion of our privacy as our lives become increasingly intertwined with the digital world. In the digital age, data is power and these sprawling data centers are the fortresses where this power is stored and processed. Imagine vast warehouses stretching as far as the eye can see, filled with rows upon rows of servers, each one humming with the digital heartbeat of our online lives. Section two, the algorithm's appetite. How your data is used. Every time we interact with the digital world, we feed the algorithm's insatiable appetite for data. Section three, the price of free, the business of data monetization. In the digital economy, if you're not paying for the product, you are the product. Section one, the tech giants guardians or gatekeepers. In the digital age, a handful of tech giants wield unprecedented power, shaping our online experiences and holding the keys to our digital lives. These companies control the flow of information, connecting billions of users, and profiting from the data we generate. While they present themselves as champions of innovation, their role in digital privacy is complex and often contradictory, they invest in cyber security, but also engage in data collection practices that raise privacy concerns. This data is used to target us with personalized advertising and shape our online experiences. The immense power of these tech giants raises questions about accountability and transparency. As we navigate this landscape, it's crucial to demand greater control over our digital lives. Section two, the algorithm knows the power of predictive analytics. In the digital age, the algorithm has become an all-seeing oracle, predicting our actions, anticipating our needs, and shaping our destinies in ways we may not even realize. Through the power of predictive analytics, tech companies and data brokers can now forecast our behavior with uncanny accuracy, using our digital footprints to anticipate our future purchases, predict our political leanings, and even assess our creditworthiness. This predictive power stems from the vast troves of data collected about our online and offline lives. Every click, swipe, and purchase is fed into sophisticated algorithms that identify patterns, establish correlations, and extrapolate future behavior based on past actions. These algorithms can take into account thousands of data points, from our browsing history and social media interactions to our location data and even our facial expressions captured by smartphone cameras. While predictive analytics holds immense potential for good, enabling personalized experiences, improving health care outcomes, and even preventing crime, it also raises profound ethical concerns. The ability to predict and potentially manipulate human behavior raises questions about free will, autonomy, and the potential for discrimination. If our actions are predetermined by our digital past, what does it mean to be human in the digital age? As predictive analytics becomes increasingly sophisticated and pervasive, it's crucial to establish ethical guard rails and ensure that these powerful tools are used responsibly and transparently. We must demand accountability from those who collect and analyze our data and ensure that predictive analytics serves humanity rather than becoming a tool for control and manipulation. Section three, the privacy push back. Regulating the data economy. The unchecked growth of the data economy has sparked a global movement demanding greater privacy protections. People are raising their voices, pushing for stricter regulations to safeguard their privacy. This push has led to landmark legislation such as the European Union's GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA, granting individuals greater control over their personal data. These regulations represent a significant step towards a more ethical data economy. However, the fight for digital privacy is far from over. Tech companies continue to resist regulation, arguing it stifles innovation. The rapid pace of technological advancement presents new challenges to privacy. The future of digital privacy depends on our collective action. We must demand greater transparency and accountability from tech companies and support organizations fighting for a more ethical digital landscape. By working together, we can reclaim our privacy and shape a future where technology empowers individuals. Section one, the price of privacy, balancing security and freedom. In an age of growing security threats, the debate on digital privacy is complex and contentious. Governments argue that access to personal data is essential for preventing crime and protecting national security. They claim surveillance helps foil plots and save lives, outweighing privacy concerns. Privacy advocates warn against the erosion of civil liberties. They argue mass surveillance can be abused, stifling disscent and free speech. Historical examples show surveillance suppressing opposition and silencing critics. The challenge is balancing national security and individual privacy. Clear legal frameworks and transparency are essential. A robust public debate is needed to weigh the trade-offs. As technology evolves, the privacy debate will intensify. Ongoing dialogue and ethical consideration are crucial to protect both safety and freedom. While we entrust our digital lives to tech giants and online platforms, a hidden underworld operates beneath the surface of the internet where our stolen data is bought, sold, and traded like a valuable commodity. This digital black market known as the dark web is a haven for cyber criminals, hackers, and identity thieves who profit from the illicit trade of personal information. Data breaches, once rare occurrences, have become alarmingly commonplace, exposing our sensitive information to the shadowy figures lurking on the dark web. From credit card numbers and social security numbers to medical records and even passwords, our digital identities are constantly at risk of being compromised and sold to the highest bidder. Once our data enters the dark web, it can be used for a variety of malicious purposes. Identity thieves can use our stolen information to open credit cards in our names, drain our bank accounts, and even access our health care benefits. Hackers can use our passwords to hijack our social media accounts, spread misinformation, or launch cyber attacks. And cyber criminals can use our personal information to blackmail us, threaten our families, or extort money from us. The dark web, with its anonymity and lack of regulation, poses a significant threat to our digital security and privacy. Protecting ourselves requires vigilance, strong passwords, and a healthy dose of skepticism when sharing personal information online. It also requires law enforcement agencies to collaborate across borders, dismantle these criminal networks, and bring the perpetrators to justice. Section three, the surveillance society, living under the digital eye. In cities around the world, a vast network of surveillance cameras silently observes our every move, capturing our faces, tracking our movements, and recording our actions. Facial recognition technology, once the stuff of science fiction, is now being deployed by law enforcement agencies and private companies alike, enabling the identification and tracking of individuals with unprecedented speed and accuracy. Proponents of this technological revolution argue that it enhances public safety, deters crime, and helps apprehend criminals. They point to instances where facial recognition has helped identify suspects in terrorist attacks, locate missing children, and prevent shoplifting. They argue that in an increasingly complex and interconnected world, surveillance technology is essential for maintaining order and security. However, critics warn of the chilling effect this constant surveillance has on our civil liberties. They argue that facial recognition technology is inherently biased, prone to errors, and disproportionately targets people of color and marginalized communities. They fear a future where our every move is tracked, our faces are scanned without our consent, and our right to privacy is eroded by the ever watchful gaze of the digital eye. The rise of the surveillance society raises profound ethical questions about the balance between security and freedom, the potential for abuse, and the kind of world we want to live in. As technology continues to advance, it's crucial to engage in a public debate about the limits of surveillance, the safeguards needed to protect our privacy, and the future of freedom in a world increasingly dominated by technology. Section one, the power of awareness. Reclaiming our digital footprint. In today's hyperconnected world, achieving true anonymity may be an elusive goal, but reclaiming control over our digital lives is a battle we can and must fight. The first step in this fight is awareness. By understanding the mechanics of data collection, the motivations behind it, and the potential consequences of unchecked data exploitation, we can make informed decisions about our online behavior and take steps to minimize our digital footprint. This means being mindful of the information we share online, from our personal details and location data to our opinions and social connections. It means carefully reading privacy policies, opting out of unnecessary data collection practices, and questioning the default settings on our devices and apps. It means becoming discerning consumers of information, recognizing that not everything we see online is true or objective and being wary of the filter bubbles that can limit our perspectives. Reclaiming our digital footprint also means demanding greater transparency and accountability from the tech giants that control so much of our online lives. We must demand to know what data they collect, how they use it, and with whom they share it. We must hold them responsible for protecting our data from breaches and misuse. And we must advocate for regulations that empower individuals and establish ethical boundaries in the data economy. Awareness is the first line of defense in the fight for digital privacy. By educating ourselves and others, we can create a more informed and empowered public capable of navigating the digital landscape with greater awareness and agency. Section two, digital self-defense tools and strategies for privacy. While achieving complete digital invisibility may be an unrealistic goal in today's interconnected world, we can take proactive steps to fortify our digital defenses and safeguard our privacy online. Just as we lock our doors and safeguard our physical possessions, we must adopt a digital self-defense strategy to protect our online identities and personal information from prying eyes. A variety of tools and strategies are available to enhance our online privacy. Each offering varying levels of protection and requiring different levels of technical expertise. Virtual private networks or VPNs, for example, encrypt our internet traffic, masking our IP address and location, making it more difficult for websites and trackers to monitor our online activity. Ad blockers prevent intrusive advertisements from following us across the web, reducing the amount of data collected about our browsing habits. Privacy focused browsers such as tour and Brave prioritize user privacy, blocking trackers by default, and offering enhanced security features to protect our data from prying eyes. Encrypted messaging apps such as Signal and WhatsApp allow us to communicate securely with our contacts, ensuring that our conversations remain private and protected from eavesdropping. Beyond these technological solutions, adopting simple yet effective digital hygiene practices can significantly enhance our online privacy. Using strong unique passwords for each of our online accounts, enabling two-factor authentication whenever possible, and being cautious about the information we share on social media can significantly reduce our risk of becoming victims of data breaches or identity theft. Section three, the future of privacy, a collective responsibility. The fight for digital privacy is a collective responsibility. It requires individuals, tech companies, policymakers, and civil society to work together. Our digital lives deserve the same respect and protection as our offline lives. As technology evolves, privacy challenges become more complex. Emerging technologies pose risks to our autonomy and freedom. We must establish clear boundaries and safeguards. The future of privacy depends on our collective willingness to act. It requires transparency, fairness, and ethical data practices. Privacy is a fundamental human right, essential for a free society. By working together, we can individuals without compromising privacy. Remember to subscribe to Kendu Global Files for more thought-provoking documentaries.

- TikTok users leaving platform over claims of censorship, privacy, new terms of service: Kind: captions Language: en They wanted me to agree to a bunch of new like rules basically asking me uh about if I was an immigrant, if you know if I basically was I transgender. Tik Tok was my biggest platform. I had 20 over 2400 followers on it. >> Dwayne Gomez is a social media influencer in Green Bay. He's known as Foodie Dwayne the Wisconsinite online. Gomez used Tik Tok to review local restaurants and foods, but he switched to Instagram and deleted Tik Tok just days ago. Tik Tok users are seeing censorship of videos critical of President Trump, ICE, and mentions of Jeffrey Epstein. Gomez says some of his content was censored, too. New ownership of Tik Tok's operation in the US was finalized just last week. The change was made to comply with an executive order signed by President Trump in September aimed at protecting user data. On Tuesday, Tik Tok said it was experiencing a major infrastructure issue triggered by a power outage at one of its US data centers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @santiii3984: Epstein was friends with Trump, zionists like Netanyahu, and Larry Ellison (who now owns tiktok).
  2. @whycantithimkofa: Of corse right when I started to plan to post on there.

- Breaking down privacy concerns around TikTok | Your Morning: Kind: captions Language: en there's been a lot of talk about Tik Tok and how safe your data are if you're using that app we now know that Canadian officials were concerned enough that they conducted a Security review of Tik Tok last September this announcement came the same day as the US House of Representative passed a bill ordering Tik Tock parent company bite dance to divest from the app or face being banned in the US so why is everyone so concerned about Tik Tok joining us this morning on the popular app possible future in the North American Market is Tech analyst Cary Levy Cary good morning good morning Dan great to be with you yeah we never get to talk to each other I feel like we're two buses passing on the street but this is great so Tik tok's massive right millions of people use it every day in the US and in Canada what are the privacy concerns behind this bill from the US House well I mean anytime you download any app on your phone it asks for permissions it it accesses your camera your your microphone your conts your location information your IP address all this stuff and it collects this data it soaks it up and it usually just shares it with the developer so so they can either use the data themselves to sell you stuff you don't want or sell the data to other people who want to sell you stuff you don't want uh usually they're American you know we buy into it that's just the deal in the digital economy Tik Tok does that but more it is known as an aggressive data Harvester collects even more data than the average and then of course it shares it with a chinese-owned company bite dance which has a relationship with the Chinese government we know that if you do business in China you have to agree that if the government comes calling and asks for data you got to hand it over so you sort of put the two together Chinese government known for Mass surveillance the concern there is is the Chinese government soaking up the data of 170 million Americans and then using that for who knows what swing the election whatever spycraft we don't really know but the risk is certainly there and it's certainly more than you the typical app that sits on your phone wow wow wow industry Minister franois Philip champag told reporters yesterday that Canada ordered its own National Security review last year so what do we know about Canada's specific Tik Tok concerns and how they might differ from those in the US well it's interesting because they're not saying any more than the fact that they're admitting six months after they ordered this review that they did it they're saying no more details because of National Security because of privacy concerns under the investment so you know I'm kind of wondering what took them so long this app's been around since 2016 we've been sort of talking about this specific security risks of Tik Tok for much of that time and of course most people don't pay attention to it they're sharing videos of themselves dancing or playing with cute puppies so who really cares what's going on underneath the surface most users aren't aware of this uh Canada needs to be a little bit more let's call it forthcoming we know that they're concerned they should be government should not stick their heads in the sand they should be kind of analyzing Iz ing where the risks are coming from how the digital space is changing those risks for Canadians this is all a good thing but it's a little too little a little too late and they're not as transparent as they probably should be Canadians deserve to know more a spokesperson from the Chinese foreign Ministry responded to the US legislation in a press conference saying quote even though the US has not found evidence on how Tik Tok endangers its National Security it has never stopped going after Tik Tok it undermines the confidence of international investors and sabotages the global economic and trade order so let's let's ask ourselves what are companies like meta or x what makes those American companies different from Tik Tok in terms of the way that they share data um well I think it's because it's it's the intent right we know that Tik Tok we don't pay for using any of these apps whether it's Tik Tok or an American owned app like Facebook or Instagram we pay with our data and the question then becomes what happens to that data afterwards we if it's if it's an American-owned company that is unnown we know where the data is going we know what it's being used for with China we don't we you know there's that sort of shadowy connection to the Chinese government and what happens to that information after the fact isn't clear the company denies that it shares the company denies that it uses it in those in that way it says that it compartmentalizes the data but we've seen research that suggests that that sort of blocking from China isn't as effective as it could be that Chinese officials could have access to it so again again China has a history of this they've built the world's most sophisticated Mass surveillance infrastructure they use the technology to determine if their citizens get on a plane or get a job and they certainly use it as part of their spycraft so the risk is there it's almost what we don't know uh but there's enough smoke there and if there's a little bit of smoke maybe there's fire we have every right to be concerned car Levy thanks for the Tik Tok talk thanks so much Dad hey thanks for watching if you liked this be sure to subscribe here or you can check out more your morning videos right here

- TikTok sued in US over alleged safeguarding and privacy failures - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en now Tick Tock though you popular social media app is being sued by the U.S state of Indiana the firm is being accused of failing to safeguard young people and their privacy Tick Tock responded saying it had the correct policies in place and was confident that it could satisfy U.S national security concerns uh well let's speak to Samara who's standing by in New York uh Samira good to see you what's going on here so the state of Indiana is seeing actually two things one is saying that look the kinds of content that Tick Tock is being made available and that is being pushed onto younger audiences is actually not very appropriate and they cited things like that you know videos that are encouraging Eating Disorders or videos that are showing you know sexually explicit content now remember when you download tiktok it does say that it is appropriate for audiences 13 years and older but what what the state of Indiana is saying was a well actually that's just not true the other part of this lawsuit is that what they're saying is that they are not doing or Tick Tock is not doing enough to safeguard people's information that there of course there's this overarching concern about how much American data is being sent to China which is of course the owners of tick tock and that is something that a lot of U.S states are sharing in terms of concerns yeah and so remember briefly for us tick tock not the first it probably won't be the last to be accused of not having correct policies in place I mean Facebook Instagram all of those firms met her of course their owner accused of similar things and it's it really underlines the difficulty that these platforms have in policing the content yes it does I think the worry however with Tick Tock is because of who the owners are the fact that it is a chinese-owned company gives a lot of people in the United States quite a bit of pause so in fact if you look at you know several different U.S states South Dakota Maryland Nebraska South Carolina these states have either banned Tick-Tock when it comes to government agencies or people that work in government or civil servants from using this on any government or work related uh devices and they've also been moving to try and limit um you know how much this is being allowed to be used in in the states themselves um good stuff thank you for that update really interesting to see how all of that will play out as well isn't it somewhere there live for us in New York

  Top Comments:
  1. @EASsirenVids01 [1 likes]: YES! THIS IS WHAT WE NEEDED!
  2. @farthimamarrah8562 [1 likes]: TikTok is not to be blame
But the parents that will allow their kids to access TikTok. It's time for people to take responsibility for their actions rather than blame it on someone
  3. @ThatOneGuy72101 [1 likes]: Funny how a Chinese runned company is still being used and people's information being sold day to day and still being used today and in the future.
  4. @sonofsomerset1695 [1 likes]: Yet the BBC dont want to report that the FBI has been caught colluding to influence the 2020 election by ordering Facebook and Twitter to censor the Biden family corruption scandal.
A far bigger and more important story, but of course BBC were part of the cover up.
  5. @pedrolplgm [1 likes]: YES SHE IS AN ILLEGAL CENSOR MURDERER OF TVE.
  6. @reeling-in [1 likes]: My cats 🐈 🐈‍⬛ filled up their litter tray at this news. Thanks BBC!
  7. @scot9085: Okay but its ok to have drag queens and sex change agenda in Public Schools?.. hummm were are the lines drawn!!!
  8. @richjokertundra3803: Good think Facebook should be sued too Facebook banned me for exposing there content on reels
  9. @karlt134: No!
  10. @maplemiles3381: And you can tell China is not covering that at all claiming they will never do such a thing
  11. @airdropbanglahelpingtricks8072: I live in Bangladesh if you want you can do business with me.

￼
  12. @Atharva5650: TIK TOK already banned in India
  13. @pengli4747: The host is so handsome, does anyone know who it is?
  14. @supernova8709: Unconditional right to stop our own life whenever we want for all adults, my body my choice.
  15. @auro1986: failing you privacy but safeguarding bbc
  16. @jsll1597: 美国所谓的自由民主精神的看来，完全是虚假的。这就是造成美国民主自由的世界上的影响力大幅下降的原因。西方及其自私虚伪，让所有具有正义感的人都看到了。
  17. @sethandruby: Brussels Broadcasting Company (BBC) ?
1995 population 57.9 million people 
2022 population 67.9 million people 
Liberal & labour open door political system has created ?
A housing crisis, 6000 properties rented for illegal immigrants?
NHS meltdown ( new policy colour comes first?)
NHS managers not doctor’s & nurses, art works not buildings?
BBC spin every boat full of doctors & nurses ? LOL
10 million more using gp’s & dentist’s 
Crime crisis (rape, thief, grooming gangs not investigated )
Grooming gangs ( supposedly it’s a hate crime to criticise ? )
Power shortage ( when cold this winter thank a green ?)
Nhs waiting lists, 10 million reason’s no beds ?
40 thousand pounds per illegal immigrant average spend ?( estimated cost 2 billion a year ? , that’s a large hospital a year ?)
High house prices, 10 million reason’s there are no houses ?
Terror attacks on streets but no police?
Conservitive party sign us back into EU 2.0 but no referendum ?
Five million on benefits but somehow we need immigrants?
Free speech outlawed
etc, etc
  18. @marco_1909: They always blame the companies, sure they had privacy issues but the parents should have read the T&C, the governments allowed them to run the application and now want to complain. Have you ever seen any western app allowed to operate in china? Blame lies with the government
  19. @itryen7632: Everytime i hear someone watching tiktok bullshit on full volume without headphones, i genuinely want to take a bullet
  20. @theobserver3753: A CCP directly controlled company.

- TikTok CEO grilled by US Congress; India’s ban of TikTok and data privacy issues brought up: Kind: captions Language: en India banned the use of tick tock in their country in 2020. the European Union banned the installation of tick tock on government devices this is a tool that is ultimately within the control of the Chinese government and it to me it screams out with National Security concerns India banned the use of tick-tock in their country in 2020. New Zealand has banned the installation of tick tock on devices connected to the country's parliamentary Network Canada banned the installation of tick tock on government devices the United Kingdom has banned The Tick Tock app from government-owned devices Belgium banned The Tick Tock from government phones the European Union banned the installation of tick tock on government devices all cited security risks with the company's data collection and connection to the Chinese Communist Party recently our U.S FBI director Christopher Ray said about Tick-Tock quote this is a tool that is ultimately within the control of the Chinese government and it to me it screams out with National Security concerns Mr Chu how can all of these countries in our own f FBI director have been wrong I think a lot of risk that pointed out are hypothetical and theoretical risks and I have not seen any evidence I'm you know eagerly awaiting discussions where we can talk about evidence and we then can address the concerns they are being raised yes my next question revolves around an article India banned Tick Tock in 2020. in March 21st Forbes article revealed how troves of personal data of Indian citizens who once used Tick Tock remain widely accessible to employees at the company and its Beijing base parent by dance a current Tick Tock employee told Forbes that nearly anyone with basic access to company tools including employees in China can easily look up the closest contacts and other sensitive information about any user this tick current Tick Tock employee also said quote if you want to start a movement if you want to divide people if you want to do any of the operation to influence the public on the app you can just use that information to Target those groups why would a Mr Chu why would a current Tick-Tock employee say this if it wasn't true this is a recent article I've asked my team to look into it as far as I know there is we have rigorous data access protocols this really no such thing but anybody can get access to tools so I disagree with a lot of the conclusions

  Top Comments:
  1. @TamalGhosh_ [63 likes]: India 🇮🇳 before 😓
India 🇮🇳 under Modi 🗿

Before we used to give example of America 🇺🇲 to make ourselves better. Now America 🇺🇲 give example of us to make themselves better 🗿🇮🇳💪😏☕
  2. @ashrithash530 [22 likes]: USA Simply ban tiktok
  3. @anilthatchillguy [17 likes]: Tik tok is garbage 😆😆😆
  4. @gingerchili6567 [16 likes]: If americans doubt about Tik Tok easy, just stop using it and delete the application. Why the congress old folks make such a fuss about it. Play innocence!
  5. @MKumarK [16 likes]: Instead of doing these drama , US should blanket ban on tik tok.......
  6. @kartickchandradas5095 [14 likes]: this entire interrogation of the US congress was so dumb and this kind of thing never even happened in india that is more dumb 
they did not even let him speak then why bother if the judgement is already made 
india banned tiktok mainly to boycott china , all the excuses were a propaganda 
There r so many good points for which they can ban tiktok or ask tiktok to separate it from china but no they gonna do noob shit
  7. @indiawalla8960 [12 likes]: BEST DECISION INDIA EVER MADE. TIKTOK IS CHINA'S GLOBAL SPY NETWORK.  I'VE NEVER USED TIKTOK AND NEVER WILL.
  8. @Mrblackhammer07 [12 likes]: He got Chew-ed
  9. @Ankit-uv3yp [10 likes]: The question should have been, do they have the authority to say no, if the Chinese government order them to give the access to the data
  10. @qwertyqwerty2900 [9 likes]: We cant trust on Both china and USA
  11. @nikhildev3311 [9 likes]: Panda huggers will get their reality check soon. 😄
  12. @ashleysimthi4852 [8 likes]: I’m usually not on the side of China but My impression of this American congress is quite an eye opener to me. They are VERY Rude and Condescending. Not allowing the CEO to at least answer some of the questions posed is BIG No No to me as far as Democracy and Civil Liberties are concern. Perhaps this is how Americans truely are?
  13. @EddieLim81 [6 likes]: This 100% Tiktok data will go through the Chinese communist party.
If you don’t believe me, you can make a video and share the real problems of the CCP. You were arrested by the CCP as soon as you arrived in China. You could be imprisoned for life, or suddenly disappear in China.
  14. @djmaniax403 [6 likes]: When I saw the hearing I could not believe how dumb these senators are
  15. @himanshu4299 [6 likes]: Can this questioning happen in India?
  16. @shaunkellison1761 [5 likes]: You know it’s funny… Because China is doing the same thing that we have done to other countries to subvert their democracies since the 1950s.

I’m not saying that they don’t all deserve to burn in hell, and be executed in the streets of America for it, I’m just saying that it’s true
  17. @hi62129 [3 likes]: China laughs  at America... you can't even ban tiktok
  18. @Dash_1318 [3 likes]: Why all this discussion is necessary? 
I think GENERAL ZOD CORRECT 
these Congress always barking 
Simply ban if this is question of national security 😂
  19. @HarshaBlaze [2 likes]: there is literally a law in china that all companies should share data with millitary if needed (some thing like that).
  20. @sanujitroy6830: who all have tiktok accounts in india?

- TikTok Boss Testifies Before US Congress Over Privacy Concerns: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] testified before the house energy and a Commerce Committee for roughly five hours the members grilled you are citing concerns about privacy for Americans data protection for Children online and tick tock's connection to the Chinese Communist party this comes as Congress and President uh Joe Biden are looking at ways to crack down on the app including a potential ban in the United States

  Top Comments:
  1. @santhosh0510n: Tiktok is great Platform to Entertain people. In india Actors are already exit to Entertain so US Follows same.

- How to Blur on Fansly 2024 | Fansly Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en here is how to blur on Fenley hello everyone welcome back to app tutorial in this video I'll show you how you can blur on Fenley so let's start first of all go to fancy.com and then log into your account after you have logged into your account you'll come to the home screen like this now as you can see on the screen some of the post have been blurred on my timeline now if you want to enable this blurring you can simply tap on the profile icon on the top left after that scroll below and then go to settings now inside of settings go to privacy and safety then after you'll find the sensitive content filter now you can select the amount of the blood that you want to use for example if you want to use the strong blurring you can set the slider to strong then the strong blur will be applied on the post likewise if you want to use light blurring you can simply bring the slider back to light then as you can see on this example the light blurring will be applied further more you can also turn off the blur by bringing the slider to this off option when you put it on off the blur effect will disappear and the post will be clearly visible so in this way you can easily blur on fely that's it for the video make sure to subscribe to the channel for further similar videos and drop a like if you found this helpful

- How To Find Someone On OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's michaela and today i'm going to walk you through how to find someone on only fans it's pretty quick and simple so let's go ahead and jump in i'm going to try to limit the exposure on the only fan so the tip video doesn't get taken down because you know what's on only fans anyways there's a couple different ways to find somebody on only fans you can legit just go ahead and search their name it'll be like onlyfans.com username so you can find if you already have their username you can go to the website like i did right here and just go to onlyfounds and you could just go scrolling through and find people you can either hit this search button and search for people another way of finding somebody if you're looking for people in your area you can go ahead and click on this and just go to only finder.com maps so i did that here the second search and that will bring you you're gonna have to let them see your location so you can hit allow that will bring you to where you are and you can just click on the main area so los angeles and now if you scroll down through this you're going to see everybody whose profile is allowed to see locations if they have hidden their locations you can't see it but you'll be able to go through and see them whoever's in your area there so that's pretty cool um and then the last way is just like if you're going through instagram a lot of people who have only fans have an instagram account you can find their instagram and you can go ahead and you know go to their only fans through that portal and you can hit only fans and that will take you to their only fans account i'm not going to show it but you see what i mean that's how you find it if you guys have any questions let us know in the comments below it's really easy to find people on only fans so just go ahead and search for them either in your area or with their username um have any other questions like i said say them in the comments below if not don't forget to like and don't forget to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @tctc5558 [44 likes]: All this people making videos , just skip really  quickly the search bottom , and doesn’t actually gives information on how to search because they don’t know how to . But to answer …no this video was not helpful
  2. @zone5ive [22 likes]: "...hit the search button and search for people." But whether someone is logged in or not, the search doesn't work unless you input a full @ user name, which a lot of people clearly don't know, and you didn't address that.
  3. @strikeforcealpha9343 [5 likes]: I''l  save you the click, doesn't work.
  4. @paulpeterson6397 [2 likes]: It’s not ez I can’t find some one
  5. @mariomatejovic2190 [1 likes]: Reverse image search tools like ExploreFans are making keyword search kinda obsolete lately.
  6. @Kizzel127 [1 likes]: does not work..
  7. @Submersed24 [1 likes]: Too many girls nowadays that had an onlyfans in college then shut it down secretly when they get a boyfriend
  8. @cosmiccuriosity1466 [1 likes]: I need to talk to someone re/ cancelling an acct. my grandaughter has passed away
  9. @TrevorNace: Did this work for you?
Yes?  😀 Give me a shoutout in the comments!
No? 😢 Leave a comment with your problem and we'll figure it out together.
  10. @sshiftyy: Join what you waiting on
  11. @RebeccaJill-go7qh: So if I’m just trying to see if my boyfriend is on there, do you have to have an account with posting pictures?  Or can just get on there and watch stuff I just wanna see if my boyfriend is watching the stuff on there
  12. @imrannizarahamed9570: I Can't Understand
  13. @NusulaGimbo: Am looking for some one but l can't get her.They are giving me no results found
  14. @robertcunningham233: What if they want money to view fans only
  15. @allysonsnyder2546: What if he is invisible?
  16. @edfraga9263: Onlyfinder/maps
  17. @MegaVeggirl: Nope even with the name you can not find them.
  18. @darrinkl: That link is broken
  19. @marysia5452: Someone put on only fans my sex tape and made huge money , use my name and everything, how I can report it?
  20. @331mexa: Can you find a friend on Onlyfans with a phone number or Email address??

- Am I going to jail for web scraping?: Kind: captions Language: en there's only two types of people in this world the conformist API consumer and the Renegade webscraper it's always been a bit of a gray area to write code that automatically extracts valuable data from websites but will you go to jail if you do it you're stealing right to jail I refuse to go back to jail but I'm literally shaking right now because the US District Court in Delaware just ruled that booking.com violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act by scraping the Ryan Air website booking tried to countersuit for defamation because Ryan Air hurt the corporation's Fe by calling them an otaa pirate or online travel agency pirate not surprisingly the court rejected that claim but this is not the first time that web scrapers have battled in court in today's video we'll look at the legal and ethical concerns in this case and find out if my web scraping tutorials will land you in jail it is July 26 2024 and you watching the code report in this weird cybernetic post-human world the data has become more valuable than gold Google and meta are both trillion dollar companies built almost exclusively by collecting data from users to be exploited by advertisers for the last 30 years humans have voluntarily and involuntarily filled the worldwide web with exabytes of data about our crappy lives and much of this data is freely available through the lens of a web browser but the problem is that the raw data is trapped inside a rock of HTML code rendering it useless for data analysis the data becomes valuable though when it's mined into a clean Universal format like Json or CSV that can be fed into machine learning tools like XG boost or sold to data Brokers on on the black market and that's where web scraping comes in I've made tutorials about how to do it at an industrial scale using tools like Puppeteer which can render the content on a website programmatically click on buttons fill out forms and ultimately extract valuable data despite content being freely available like Amazon product listings for example many website owners don't like to be scraped and forbid this behavior in their terms of service and robots.txt file but this file is like the no smoking signs on an airplane it doesn't actually stop anything from happening and you can easily enjoy a cigarette on a plane just like the good old days however the flight attendant might come over to you and tell you to stop doing that and ban you from the airline website owners can do the same thing by Banning your IP address if they suspect you're a scraper now to bypass this ban a smoker can change his identity reboard the plane and take a few more drags web scrapers can do the same thing by rotating their IP addresses via residential proxy networks making it look like the traffic is coming from normal people around the world but this brings up some pretty deep moral and ethical concerns on one hand the data is freely available and it's not exactly theft because the website owner hasn't lost anything it just like piracy is not theft not everyone agrees with this philosophy though one could argue that exploiting someone else's data for profit could violate that person's copyrights in the case of booking versus ryion a booking was not only scraping the website but also reselling ryion a tickets for a profit without their authorization Not only was there web scraping going on but also the intent to defraud now if you're a scraper the law you'll want to talk to your lawyer about is the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act or cfaa which was enacted all the way back in 1986 in 2015 a company called three Taps was scraping data from Craig's List for a website called padmapper Craig was not too happy about this and blocked their IP addresses and sent a seasoned assist letter but the company continued to scrape until they were sued the court cited with Craigslist and set the president that online host can use the cfaa to protect public data ultimately three Taps agreed to never scrape cig again and pay $1 million the bottom line is that if a company tells you to stop scraping you have to stop or you could be sued but in 2019 there was another high-profile case highq Labs versus LinkedIn they scraped data from LinkedIn trying to predict when an employee would leave their job and Linkedin also sent them a seasoned assist however this time the Court ruled in favor of highq allowing them to access linkedin's public data and that decision was ultimately affirmed by the Supreme Court and just a couple weeks ago scrapers got another big win if you're building an AI tool like GitHub co-pilot and scrape a bunch of Open Source Code to train it you should be good to go this lawsuit that says co-pilot ignores the licenses and violates the rights of possibly millions of software developers was dismissed by a judge with prejudice which means it can't be refiled and that brings us back to our original question will I go to jail for scraping a website well I'm no lawyer but if you're accessing publicly available data and not defrauding anyone the chances of going to jail are extremely low and the only thing to worry about is being sued by a mega corporation that cripples you financially for the rest of your life this has been the code report thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @luca-christianpilat6113 [1 likes]: Using Românian currency in this is wild 1:30
  2. @666222333111 [1 likes]: So google can have crawlers and scrape entire internet 24/7 but i cant run scraper to get my amazon shopping list?
  3. @apun_thegreat1898 [1 likes]: But there is a serious problem though. All the AI companies not only have scraped the entirety of the web without any licenses, but, with their search tools they are continually doing so in a non-orthodox way! So why can't I?
  4. @ElTebe [1 likes]: The largest tech companies were born from republishing content created by others, in an order they themselves determined (sometimes sponsored). Don’t they go to prison for that?
  5. @gluzdhere [1 likes]: Yeah yeah let’s tell to all LLM in 2025 web scraping is illegal
  6. @hadihussaini3672: Companies are greedy the data is literally on your site for everyone to see them so scraping is just the same as writing them by hand but it would take you less time
  7. @mahathermoon: Going to jail is good
It will be translated into street-creds in the cv
  8. @pap_pap_doo: What a fkn joke.  The damage this POS and his project 2025 overlords have caused is insurmountable.  The house, senate and courts need to work together to get this clown out of our lives NOW!
  9. @Lostarts1: 1:47 Noooo, why??
  10. @AdamLmao: Soup just can't be that beautiful
  11. @tulasinathreddy8310: now SERP api is being sued by google after 1 year of this video
  12. @xxxTp: I am india, rules don't apply.
  13. @TheRealDagothUr: Jail is objectively better
  14. @drakehellstone208: If it is open source, there shouldn't have any copyright laws to such code ?

Now on the question of media and arts, as the software needs an input to have the necessary set of parameters to create on its own, I do believe it is shredding the digital media and reassembling according to which pile is the most relevant to the prompt. If it wasn't stolen, the pile would be lesser and less accurate. I do believe that when it comes to media and arts, scrapping for the intent to train on ai is stealing content.
 I don't engage on the internet with the idea that my funny stuff gonna serve to be trained by ai.
  15. @Kirkaig: I'm lucky, 3rd world countries like the USA can't stop me.
  16. @michalmikulasi5193: f them i am gonna scrape them all
  17. @consideringorthodoxy5495: I guess the term “piracy” has changed its meaning in the last 200 years. Because pirates, you know, stole stuff. I guess that’s besides the point but whatever a weird term to take.
  18. @amin_designer: Then aren't all AI chatbots also scraping the web essentially? Reddit for example offers api but at a price but then AI chat comes in and scrapes the data off the platform without any incentive for reddit except marketing via citations
  19. @FF_BROTHERS_GAMING_999: wow didn't know scraping could get so messy
  20. @musicstudio-07b: i thought public meant free for all 🤔

- Outed by a Family Member: Kind: captions Language: en plaintiff Harold Donaldson says the defendant is his cousin and they were close until the defendant went on Facebook and exposed his sexuality Harold admits that he's gay but says that at the time he was not ready to come out to his family so he's suing for emotional distress and a cable bill defendant Andrea Claiborne says Harold initiated the downfall of their relationship by calling CPS on her which could have negatively affected her ongoing custody battle she's countersuing for defamation of character start with you I would like to mention your honor I would like to thank you as a flint resident for your contributions and bringing awareness to the Flint Water Crisis I don't take all the credit we had about 5 000 people marching wow yes I might help lead the March and organized there's a lot of people involved in that and you all in Flint still yes all right go ahead sir um the defendant is my first cousin we were close before she went to Facebook and exposed my sexuality the truth about my sexuality excuse me what did she do she we had got into an argument I left the situation alone the next day I got a phone call from a relative she's like um do y'all on Facebook talking about you I'm like what she's like um she's talking about she saw some naked men in your phone and called your closets freak I'm like okay and I was I was embarrassed caught off guard for one and I told my cousin if she keep it up I'm gonna call CPS owner to show her like I'm not playing with you like find somebody else to play with you know and um unless she must have got word of it and got to talk she was going to cut me so I'm like okay let me go file a complaint so if she come at me with a knife I'm gonna put it on her but I you know just let me have this complaint down there you know so just in case to this day I still been getting um into verbal altercations with people about that you know because they bring it up to my face and I feel like I'm not a child you know you could address me in another way relatives who love you yes sir yes your honor um it's just ignorant and they're homophobes and you tell them I said it yeah they they are they are true let me uh hear some background from you uh like he said we're your first cousins and we've always been close and the reason why I outed him is because he threatened and he did call CPS on my on me and I was already going through a custody battle and it could have affected me getting my kids back because of the accusations that he made why did he make accusations because we got into it and about yeah about this cable bill no not the cable bill about he was staying with me and we had an altercation and it kind of got a little heated was that about being nosy now uh we got into it because I asked him because I was I had my uh nieces and I stay in the front of the complex and they stayed in the back Blow by the answer you told him to stop smoking weeds because he was coming back on your kids long story short I he didn't want to take them to the back so we got intuitive about that my nieces and he didn't want to take them back there so we got into it and I don't know in what part of the argument did he get to but he said something about he don't need me so I said well why are you laying on my floor then if you don't need me so get out get your stuff and get out and they moved out now you did say you threatened to or would you say he did cause yes he did he threatened and he did you threatened as a result of her outing you yes she's saying you did it before she outages she said she responded to what you did once he once he did that that's when I had threatened him and threatened to out him no not to out him to you know cuddle because y'all disagree on that so that's not true go ahead I'll let you tell me about the bill and the emotional distress um I moved like like she said I moved we got into a verbal disagreement and I moved you know we just move in with it I moved in with her mother of 2013. I stayed with her for three months she asked me before I moved in because she didn't want me to help her pay no business all her bills were paid and so I wasn't going to argue with her and she asked me to get some cable in my neighbor and I told her yes you know I was under the impression she was going to be paying it though yes that's what that was the agreement when she asked me because I didn't want to get no cable at her apartment so the agreement was she could get the cable in your name for her use at the house wow I stayed there wow you stayed there but the whole time I stayed there she didn't mention nothing else about no cable and I didn't either because she didn't have a TV so I felt she wasn't prepared did she get it she didn't get it she didn't get it you know she didn't get it until after we got into argument and uh you know after the the altercation were you living there when she got it no no I was not she was still living there she was how did you find out she had it she wouldn't let you back in so what happened well when I got my new place I changed my address for USPS they started forwarding me bills from a from a cable company and I'm like she never had no cable so what is this you know about um I ended up as soon as I got the first bill I filed a complaint I didn't do more than that because I had my priorities and other things I was trans you know um yeah right you filed a complaint with whom with the police department okay I back burned the situation because I was I was trans I had just graduated from high school um and was kind of you know transferring from high school to college so I kind of was my FAFSA and everything I knew what were my expectations were so I was trying to stay focused on that did you go and um did you go to college yes I did where my Community College good you did right all right and so you went to college I'm glad to hear that but on this instance what did you say to her nothing because we were still feuding and I felt that if I said something to her it was going to escalate got it so I just left the situation alone does for you yeah go ahead I I just knew right I felt it you know and so that's why I kind of left it alone and waited to die down but I ended up confronting her about it on Facebook my months about a year later actually she admitted that she um got the bill in my name she was saying that it wasn't it wasn't supposed to be that much but I was telling her like this is the final balance and she said she would pay for it and so uh you know waited on her I gave her about two years to give me the money to have the tax returns oh that's what she said she never did you're right she's talking about she saw some naked men in your phone and called your closets freak I'm like okay and I was I was embarrassed caught off guard for one and I told my cousin if she keep it up I'm gonna call CPS owner to show her like I'm not playing with you like find somebody else to play with you know and um unless she must have got word of it and got to talk she was gonna cut me defending Andia Claiborne is being sued by her cousin who claims after andya exposed his sexuality on Facebook she threatened to cut him let me hear from you man when I got the cable bill I got the cable bill in December that's when I started it and we had a verbal agreement that if I got it he was going to pay the cable bill because I was living yeah while living there but I ended up putting him out so I never I didn't get confronted by him about him knowing my mother told me that he called and made a complaint and probably like a few weeks later I saw him and we talked about it and I told him yeah I would pay you back when I do get the money and you know we just we basically just left the whole situation alone because you didn't well we did and leave it alone you left the situation we kind of just distant it you know because had bigger stuff going on in our life and you know it was just that I feel like we're even because you stay with me for rent free you didn't help pay nothing you didn't have to pay nothing that's not how court Works no you can't say well judge I know I own four cable bill but we even because he owed me some money I mentioned something about the back to the first part I witnessed her fight her mother you know she's she loves she's a drama-filled person you know what she like to do cost commotion I did not fight my mother yes she did I did not I witnessed her I did not come outside they were out there nothing and bucking I mean like going at it you know I couldn't understand why but a security spot came outside both of them who did the security guards of her apartment complexes it was outside amazed both of them she was seven months pregnant you know and she cursed our grandmother I couldn't understand why you know chaos is her middle name he's saying that you are someone who um likes to cause drama and you cause him drama and that's why he's suing you for emotional distress I am a very uh strong person that's where that's where he's talking about like if I see something I don't like I'm gonna address it no matter who it is that's just how I am and if you don't like what I say to you that's up to you how you take it well let me get you out of here I don't know if the water been getting to her head or what but I did go on Facebook and I got she been going off at our family you know our cousin about some guy but I had to screenshot like this is what you'd like to get to the bottom of this real quick I could care less about it being my cousin because when it comes to mind I'll beat her flat out about that yes I me I have a significant other and we stay together and my cousin they know each other and they used to mess around back in the day and I posted something on Facebook a picture of me and him and she got on it and he told me like yeah that next day she sent me a friend request and was in my inbox she's known for that because my mother doesn't even like her around because she's she's sneaky and she's she's just out there like that and when I addressed her about the situation after all of that stuff I had addressed her we talked about it and she was like no that's not true so you know I left it alone I just left it at that you know and we ain't had no it's a good threat now what about with your mother my mother what he saw was is me trying to keep her from hitting me because I was pregnant and when she's violent no like you no she she's not she's trying she's not bad because my mother has a you know pill addiction and she was coming down and I went next door to get my hair done and she came next door to my friend house being disruptive and disrespectful so you know this is my house leave get your stuff and just go and she was she didn't and she swung on me and I'm trying to keep her from hitting me and when the security guards came up they missed us and she fell okay why are you talking about your grandmother like a dog behind her back I don't talk about my grandmother it's just certain stuff that I say that she just don't approve of be a grandmother alone all right your defamation claim how did he defame you for five hundred dollars you're suing him uh he caught CPS on me and it could have caused me to lose my children and he did some slandering and bashing on myself on Facebook you have anything showing that they investigated um no did they investigate they did they came to my home why did you call him I didn't I threatened a call after I got the phone call said she said they came so that was a coincidence they came they were already in her mix she had called on herself that year and had her kids ready I would have told herself because she had supposedly set her baby in the street or something was on so she said hey CPS come investigate me she called police I said I set my child in the street yes your honor that was that summer what was told to me is that Harold Donaldson called they told me their self when they came out to investigate yeah they usually don't do that but it's because it's because I already had one they don't tell you who called no they didn't necessarily tell me [Music] the way that she explained the accusations that she told me what she said 47 for the cable is what I'm gonna grant you all this mess I'm not giving you all any money for your defamation claim for 500 is dismissed good luck to you I'm just glad this is over with I'm glad this is over with my cousin know I love him then lives matter yes please support us because we really need the help

  Top Comments:
  1. @HannibalLector-e8y [2 likes]: Family love to "speculate". Until he says what he likes, that's exactly what it was. Speculation !
  2. @reniqharris [1 likes]: Ion care what nobody say homosexuals know its wrong, because why is it always a fear of being outed, why are you embarrassed?....some have even unalived others for outing their sexuality.....you dont see heterosexuals afraid of somebody knowing theyre straight🤷..please dont come for me argue with yo mama
  3. @reniqharris [1 likes]: Lol boy trust yo family knew that before she outed you
  4. @oluwayomiolubola7148: As handsome as he is. So he's letting some guys put their stick behind him? What a dunce.
  5. @Marc-King777: Bro, Stevie Wonder can 👀that you're gay. 😅😅😅
  6. @winternightsky6945: Family members that you were around knew you're g@y but she shouldn't have put that on social media. They both were childish. Many of these family members need to call CPS to protect the kids, but don't and the kids stay suffering. 

She should have cut off the cable knowing he wasn't living there. I have older women in my family who are messy/are bullies, so if you stand up for yourself they're trying to fight. So people see oh that's your mom or grandma but aren't seeing how vile/violent they can be. Depending on the CPS worker, some kind of hint at who said something. I had custody of my brothers 3 kids once and that's what they did. We learned it was the baby mama's family who called them.
  7. @andrewhumphrey7429: It was "and a cable bill" for me.
  8. @itzsheena5941: I see why the whole family doesn't deal with that girl. Fighting your mom, talking about your grandma, calling cps to come for your children, outing your cousin, threatening to cut him, sleeping with your cousin's ex then threatening to beat her 🍑 on social media... They need to stay far away from her. My God!
  9. @hectorthomas7237: They knew before he knew. Come on now look at his mannerisms. Come on…. Waste of court time and resources
  10. @JB-uy9ts: What , come on buddy come on , they have already no ... trust me we wasnt no secret 😂
  11. @TerranceBryant-fl8hn: His movements say everything
  12. @Ladyraedior: Everyone already knew he was gay, trust me
  13. @sherebawebber3366: Judge Mathis needs to STOP claiming to be a Christian because he's NOT.....
  14. @jaymorgan.: I could tell just from the still pic. 😂 anyway it’s messed up though if he wasn’t comfortable let him come out in his own time.
  15. @Jerome-y6o: If you are a gay person, why would you be hiding in the closet anyway? If you are proud of what you are then you shouldn't have a problem. I am proud to be a Straight Man and very Proud to say that 👏. 6:32
  16. @davids.t.2372: He is so cute!
  17. @christinanevils3376: it always amazes me, how stupid they be playing judge!! 😅
  18. @queenbilquis8167: Just Clowning 🤡
  19. @lanag492: Young lady you wasn't going to win you went against the grain..speaking against gay
  20. @wordplay6665: She was right they need help 🙏🏾

- I'm a Journalist Who Hates The News: Kind: captions Language: en - SpongeBob is talking a lot about global warming, and he's only looking at it from one point of view. - Why I hate the news. - Brainwashed by the mainstream media. - Oh, brainwashed. - Santa just is white. - Jesus was a white man too. - He wrote a sentence ending with a brand new word. - [Sean] The President and a small group of people know exactly what he meant. - It seems like a weird title for me to use because I'm a journalist. At least that's what I think I am. I worked at a journalistic institution. I just did a piece at "The New York Times." Can you call me a journalist? I'm a journalist, right? Now I'm feeling insecure. Okay, so whatever. I'm a journalist but I kind of hate the news. Let me explain. (whooshing) - [Announcer] CNN Breaking News. - [Woman] Tonight, it all comes down to this. - So, let's just first define what the news is or should be. The news or the press or the fourth estate, this sort of sacred thing, is meant to be a magnifying glass on our society. It's meant to look at the things that are really important, to make people stand accountable, to highlight the issues that you should be thinking about when you're voting or going about your day-to-day life. It's meant to give you important information about things like, I don't know, pandemics. (upbeat music) - Clearly Nickelodeon is pushing a global warming agenda. - In short, it's meant to keep the people informed and aware of what is important in the world. But as a news consumer myself and as someone who wants to be informed and to understand how the world works, I find that the news less and less and less actually helps me do that. - It is not the newspaper- - But now you're pedaling in dishonesties - So I've been thinking about this and I wanna share it with you. I'm gonna give you three reasons why I hate the news. Number one, the news often tells you what isn't actually happening in the world. There's this onion article that just sums it up so well .00003% of things that happen actually matter. Oftentimes we look at the news and we see crazy things that are happening around the world. If there is a mass homicide, that would be national news tomorrow morning, if there's a terrorist attack around the world, that will be national news tomorrow morning. If a prominent politician says something really embarrassing, - What's the naughtiest thing you ever did? - I have to confess when me and my friends sort of used to run through the fields of wheat, the farmers weren't too pleased about that. - What all these things have in common is that they don't happen very often, they're super rare. They don't teach us anything about how the world actually works, they teach us about how the world doesn't work and how sometimes it does, the outliers, the aberrations. My big problem with this is that someone who reads the news every day and uses it as their gateway into the world will often walk away with a completely delusional version of how the world works. They will assume that terrible things happen more often than they actually do. Our view of the world is at stake here. When the information available to us is the stuff that doesn't happen very often, the stuff that's actually an aberration from the norm. We get a distorted view Number two, the news has become way too fun. - [Man] Meeting with the pirate, no problem. - [Announcer] Tonight, president Donald Trump fighting for a second term as a deadly pandemic gets worse. - This is not a legal proceeding. - This is the congress of the united- - This is an impeachment. - My old colleague, Carlos Maza has thought a lot about how fun the news has become. I called him up and we chatted about it. How are you? - I know good to see your face. See for longest, as long as you've had corporate news in America is that we have a product that is trying to meet two very different objectives or a suit, a very different incentive. - What Carlos explained to me that was really helpful was that the news has two opposing incentives. The first incentive is what I talked about at the beginning of this video, which is to inform the people, to teach you what you should care about, to give you a framework for understanding the world, for highlighting important information the public should know, but then there's this other incentive. - The corporate media is trying to sell you a product and they sell your product to make you think you need as much of it as humanly possible all the time. So newscasts should be maybe an hour every day and then you're done like, go do your thing. You have this other incentive though, while you have a corporate media environment that is like always breaking. (logo squishing) There's always a new thing that you have to worry about. So you have this basically impossible impasse of a product that you should not really need that much, that shows a specific function being run by companies that want you to need it all the time. - I am not distracting. - You've been doing it for over a year and a half. - I haven't been doing that. - Well you have. - What this does, is it incentivize programming that is optimized to appeal to our senses, whether it's fear based sensationalism or whether it's flashy graphics, article titles that are a little bit click baity. The economic incentive that is built into news makes it really difficult for news to honor that first incentive. - I call them a moron, and then I modified that word with a vulgar Anglo-Saxons term that is also intelligible in dutch. - And instead, to prioritize entertainment and false feelings of this is important or this is scary. - [Announcer] This is CNN breaking news. - It seems like a really dangerous thing to be so subject to economic forces. Okay, my number three is that the news tricks you into feeling informed. For a long time I read the news every single day, I would go on and read multiple different outlets and I would feel that day like check. Okay, I believe that I'm an informed smart person and I've just sort of confirmed that belief because there's this sort of like glorification of the person who like really up on the daily news. What I've learned is that that's actually not the case. - Why don't people just check out and that's a legitimate response, like if the town prior in your village constantly screaming, 10,000 horrific things at you from other villages that you don't live in, after all you'd stop really meaningfully listening to it because your brain can not sort out what catastrophe is real and meaningful and what you shouldn't respond to. So you have this like kind of ambient anxiety always that makes it so that your brain becomes numb to the drug. You stop really caring about what you should engage in. - Spending a lot of time chasing the new cycle is a lot of mental energy. It's a lot of mental energy that could be applied to understanding how the world actually works, consuming things that actually shed light on important issues like, policy or I don't know, historical trends that maybe are not as flashy and reactive, but are way more indicative on how the world works, how things get done, how change gets made in a society. Instead because of this entertainment incentive, the news doesn't actually end up being super informative. You're not actually learning a lot about anything other than what happened that day, who said what to whom and why, and then how a billion people reacted to why that person said whom. And it's like, it becomes a giant gossip first almost. - Binge watch like the Rockford files, Netflix. - Or modern love - That's terrible. Modern love makes me sick. - How about person of interest? - Ooh, I like that, that's a good show. - Can I say something now? - Yes. - No! - It's built to appeal more to our gossip impulse than to our desire to learn about the world. The epidemy of this is the sort of like pseudo debate format that a lot of TV news takes apart. - The five person talking head panel, you have moderator who pretends to be relatively neutral and then four commentators two from the left, two from the right who are arguing about whatever the topic of the day is. That format is a straight rip from ESPN. Like those formats are a carbon copy of the arguing and almost like a reality TV model that has been used in sports media for a while. - This is not journalism. This looks like journalism because it looks like there's a robust debate going on. - Stop it, you're abusing power right now on air. Stop filibustering her. - But journalism is about evidence. It's about going out and gathering evidence and scrutinizing it and then putting it together and presenting it to a reader. In this sensationalized news segment, no evidence is being examined or scrutinized or cross-examined. - It serves no educational function, regardless of what you think about politics, watching two people argue is not informative because it's too fast paced, it triggers your tribal defenses, you're not gonna be open-minded and there's no time to examine evidence, no matter how long that fight goes on for, you are not gonna learn anything meaningful from it. All will happen is that you will leave thinking, "God, I really hate the other side." And God by sight is so right. It's the opposite of what journalism should be doing. - You don't leave a debate like this anymore informed, all you do is leave a debate like this with like an understanding that your side is right, the other side is wrong and like how awesome that like the people who represented your side were like so hard on the opposing side, which is a super awesome impulse if you're like in a football stadium watching your favorite team play. But when we're talking about like real issues and real policy, this sports framework of commentary and fighting is not very useful because it tricks people into thinking that they're informed, that they're like, "oh, I get the issues now 'cause I watched that debate." But instead all they were was entertained. - I'm tired of having this discussion over and over again. - So those are my three reasons for why I hate the news. So let me just say one thing, which is there is still amazing journalism being done right now, really important journalism that is communicating important evidence, about important ideas that truly can inform you about how the world works. The incentives of this industry make it harder and harder for that journalism to happen. But the journalists who are out there collecting evidence, reporting on really difficult things, talking to lots of experts, trying to piece together, all of this information so that they can inform the public. Those are the people who are doing this work in spite of the entertainment, corporate 24 hour news cycle that has sort of taken over what news should be. And what I really believe and I learned this working at Vox, a place that really focused on context and explainer journalism, there's a demand for it, there will always be a demand of voyeuristic demand for seeing terrible things happen. There will always be demand for entertainment and shouting matches, but I believe that most people want to understand, they want to understand why this certain policy will work and the other one won't. They want to understand the real debates, the philosophical and political debates that are happening in our system. They wanna understand how our system works or doesn't work. And if only our news industry could focus more on that desire, that desire to understand, instead of this facade of information that is really just entertainment. - The media is shoving this down your throat. - By the way, our ratings are great. - Shouldn't they for a period of time not go on the attack? - They were fear-based. - Hate in teleprompt. - Can you give us an answer, why were you attacking us. - Don't be rude, you are fake dues. - All right, well, that was a little bit of a rant. Just taking some deep breaths, glad I got that out of my system. If you want a place to put your rants and thoughts out into the world, choose Squarespace, which is a one-stop shop where you can build an online presence as someone who runs an internet business and thinks about internet, community, and marketing, all this stuff, Squarespace truly does have an amazing set of tools for developing a voice and a presence on the internet and doing so in a beautiful way. They've got these templates that are like really nice looking and well-designed, it's all easy and drag and drop, it's not like code. Like you go back and you build your website. Squarespace supports this channel and I'm really grateful for that. There's a link in my description, if you click that link, you get 10% off your first purchase of anything, whether it's a domain or hosting service or whatever Squarespace offers 10% off. Clicking that link helps support this channel, but it also can kickstart your online presence if that's something you're thinking about doing, you should check out Squarespace. So thank you all for being here and for listening to my big rant about the news. I am in the middle of brainstorming, some really fun wild big deep videos for 2021, some international explainers that I am working on right now that I think you're all gonna really like, and they just take more time to do journalism, just takes more time. I have to go and like read all this stuff, talking to the experts, reading all of like the journals and the think tank pieces and all this stuff, putting it together that just takes time. But quality journalism is an important thing, so anyway have a great day I'll talk to you later. - SpongeBob what are you doing? - Just rolling another tire on the fire by global warming Mr Graham.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnAutreCompte-zr6eo [2 likes]: Completely biais from both sides, you think you are informed but you are misinformed. There is no nuance its either all amazing, either all horrible. Why not just tell us every FACTS and then let us decide how we feel about it instead? Because you still need to know what happens in the world.
*I like vox too, but even if the informations and explanations are accurate, it is still mostly presented in a one-sided way, like any other mainstream media.
  2. @Sactastic [1 likes]: I have been calling "The News" "Entertainment New's" for a while now. It's unwatchable and will never keep you informed. It's not meant to inform you, it's meant to sell ad space to make money. I've watched panels on CNN and MSNBC talking about how horrible pharma companies are and how prescription med prices are out of control and the ads inbetween the panels are a shit ton of pharma ads. Really? Lmao. Don Lemon had a BreitBart editor on in 2016 or 2017 and accused BreitBart of being racist. All the editor had to say was "prove it" and Don Lemon not only could he not prove it, he admited he had never even read anything on BreitBart and was relying on the person clearly talking in his ear piece for any information past his first acusation. The hosts, for the most part, are just "News Readers" or panel moderators.
  3. @ChronoStrife [1 likes]: I hate the news.
I hate journalists just as much.
  4. @keelanandrews2659 [1 likes]: Great video! Just tell us the facts...I don't care about the opinion panels...Ill make my own opinion based on the facts.
  5. @MaliYojez: Watching 5 years later, those clips look even more pointless and unpleasant.
  6. @simonwilkinson4209: Like what you do, only seen three,, but appreciate your work.
I was just wondering if you ever have to resist the need to update or even delete any part or whole when you get later conflicting information?

Don't think you have time unless it's appallingly inaccurate.

The date stamps are like "correct, to your knowledge, at the time of posting..."

Keep it up J

🎖️
  7. @terrariafan45: I hate the news so fucking much my father died and then the next day on the news was ———- dies at ————- at the age of —- from suicide when the fucking autopsy results didn’t even come out for 2 fucking years god I fucking hate the news companies
  8. @darrenthecorn: in taiwan, we often view the news as an entertainment show, half of what's projected is celebrity gossip and meaningless online scandals
  9. @moonloving_472: No breaking news is bad
  10. @fionali4502: I’m glad I’m not the only journalist who hates the news but mainly due the fact I don’t want it to bring me down with negative news, I don’t want the news to affect my mental health in a negative way and I’d rather make my own news. Plus, the news is boring anyway.
  11. @gilberttello08: 😊😊
  12. @BillT4UnMe: I'm not a big fan of the current news either
  13. @hobo1704: And that's why I don't watch the news, or TV at all.
  14. @MaggieMatsuno: Very informative video! Thats the reason why I dont watch neither read America’s mainstream medias News, especially CNN, MSNBC and CBS. all BS
  15. @petepeters419: Ridiculously over-dramatic production, I hate it!!!!
  16. @davighnjimenez7725: Thank You Johnny, you and your wonderful team are THE BEST! 
Changed and restored my lens in a way I APPRICIATE! 
DON"T EVER QUIT.
On yourself and your voice and journalism.
  17. @larks...3297: Beautiful
  18. @DrewRobertson1: People who want news tune into NPR, NYT, WSJ, Mother Jones, PBS, Vice, Vox etc. The rest is entertainment garbage.
  19. @NateBek-k1i: Every journalist wants to do long-form reporting. It's just outside the economic reality for most publications. It's dishonest and dumb to say the news is too opinionated by only including clips from debate and talk shows. Real reporting is alive and well.
  20. @brycejohnson1590: the best test to see if the news is useful is to start taking notes, if its useless you'll have nothing to write down.

- preverified onlyfans account advertisement: Kind: captions Language: en Get instant access to verified, secure Only Fans accounts. Skip verification hassles and start earning immediately. Our accounts are 100% verified, clean, and aged for quality. Enjoy unbeatable prices, 100% privacy and fast delivery. Trusted globally with 24/7 support. Grab your best deal today. If you're ready to secure your account or have any questions, feel free to contact us now. WhatsApp + 1 681-5492683 Telegram @ cells smm email sellseller@gmail.com your privacy is respected your satisfaction is guaranteed [Music]

- How to Prevent Your Address Leaking as a Streamer, Onlyfans, or Content Creator: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what is up my name is Tom spark why am I all the way over there today we're talking wow today we're talking about um online identity as a streamer YouTuber or public persona you might have had issues uh or maybe you're just worried about the potentiality of someone finding out where you live and the problems that arise when this happened maybe some idiot's gonna send pizzas to your house and you have to pay a Domino's delivery driver more than you wanted I guess you do have free pizza but it's still annoying right and they're just kind of stalking you creeping on you and stuff like that depending on how big you are this can vary if you have maybe 30 000 subscribers you might have like one or two double that you might have four and then times that by like 100 and you might have like 10 people that are creepy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] especially if you're a female only fans or something like that this video could be for someone like you who's worried about someone finding out where you live and just being creepy in general so in this video we're going to be talking about that and giving you some helpful tools and things like that here are some examples uh Pokemon a popular streamer just last year uh had a disturbing story of someone finding her house and showing up we've also seen other issues with people's IP address being leaked and stuff like that with uh in the past especially with even some popular streamers leaking their IP with P2P games and that as well we've even seen amaranth have issues and stuff like that as well so really protecting your online identity as a streamer only fans content creator online is very important and you're going to need a couple tools to do this now the main Crux of the issue is someone finding out your real name and then going to a tool like white pages to get more information about you now it's unfortunate because there's probably hundreds of websites just like the white pages and you can look up someone's real life here for name and pretty much find exactly where they live unless you've already told that website to remove that information and there are some tools to do that my recommended one here on the channel that I've been recommending lately is incogni now incogni is probably one of the bigger ones that's been doing it lately and I'll have a link in the description down below if you click on that link it should automatically activate any current ongoing deal with incogni so if you're looking for the best price make sure click on the link in the description down below so incogni is basically a service that will automatically email these data Brokers and request that they remove the information on you this is the most efficient way to do it the quickest way to do it and it's a monthly subscription that you pay for them to constantly make sure things are deleted so it's pretty affordable you could either choose it monthly or annual and it will remove as much information about you online as they can and this is one of the best ways to go about it so this kind of takes care of you know websites like white pages that will host information about you so let's say someone does find your real life name and they try to find out information on you like your address this website will prevent them from finding you at way another example of issue is something with um IP address so now if you're playing a P2P game somehow you you leak your IP address on a stream this could also cause issues for you as well the primary reason for that is that if someone does find your IP address they could find a general location of where you live and then they could kind of cross-source that General location with your name and perhaps find out where you live maybe you leak some kind of pictures on your stream of your house or something like that um whatever the case is if people are dedicated enough they can cross reference your IP address or that General location with your name and find out where you live as well so in some cases some streamers like to use vpns while streaming to protect their IP whether they're playing games or if they somehow manage to leak their IP when visiting some website or something like that so that's also something that you can take advantage of now vpns are hard to choose from there are so many but I made vpnterless.com we're eating pretty much every single one with an unbiased rating system now if it comes between choosing between a VPN and something like incogni I honestly think that incognate is going to be more important if you're careful while streaming and not picking games like xqc did with this game that leaked his high P um you know you should be okay if you're playing a lot of random indie games like this online with other people in your community you might want to get a VPN and like I said you could find a good one on VPN to your list however if you're primarily concerned about someone just finding a realized address um and you're not playing some other kind of Indie P2P games like that then it might just be worth it to get something like incogni that will request your real life information specifically removed from websites like these so guys whether you're only fans Creator YouTuber twitch streamer whatever these tools will help you a VPN and a deed removal tool like incogni I'll be putting the links in the description down below I hope this video helped you guys out if you're a Creator who got helped by this video let me know down in the comments down below or come over to my Discord Community to talk to me personally and and I'll be happy to talk with you anyways guys thanks for checking out this video and I'll see you again very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @IodineGadget [1 likes]: Commenting to boost, just found your channel. So far these are some good tips & I wanted to let you know that I appreciate this info!

- OnlyFans Creator Verification Anonymously: Kind: captions Language: en Stop using your real phone for Only Fans. This burner method keeps you anonymous. Using your personal number for creator verification, puts you at serious risk. We're talking identity leaks, harassment, even SIM swapping attacks. But there's a smarter way to verify your account without exposing yourself. Here's how mobile SMS.io solves this problem. Unlike those free SMS apps that get rejected, mobile SMS.io IO provides real SIM card numbers uh with a 99.7% acceptance rate on only Only Fans. The process is simple. First, sign up at mobileuls.io. Add funds minimum $5. Second, choose United States, then Only Fans. Purchase a US number that passes carrier checks. Onetime numbers are active briefly, just enough to receive the code. Third, begin your Only Fans creator registration. Go to settings, then verification, and enter your temporary number. Fourth, retrieve the verification code from your dashboard. Submit it, and you're good. You'll still complete ID and selfie checks. Phone number stays private. Here's the key part. Don't rely on one-time numbers. Only fans can reverify for payouts or security updates. Then, rent a long-term number to keep access. A 30-day rental costs $45. It covers reverifications, 2FA, and payout confirmations. Your personal phone stays out of the equation while your account stays fully functional. Ready to protect your privacy? Visit mobilesms.io and choose a long-term burner number. Keep your Only Fans creator identity secure without your real

- Secrets to Skyrocketing Your OnlyFans Account with These Social Media Tips: Kind: captions Language: en are you and only fans model looking for tips and tricks to grow your account today I'm going to share some valuable tips that will help you out first and foremost it's important to create accounts on different social media platforms such as Twitter Reddit Tick Tock and Instagram if you already have any of these accounts focus on them more it's important to post consistently and create quality content that resonates with your audience vicious two to three hours a week make sure to put in the time and effort to create engaging content that your audience will love one of the best platforms to grow on right now is tick tock so you should start by posting at least one Tick Tock video every day for 30 days straight believe me consistency is key when it comes to Growing your social media following Tick Tock provides an excellent opportunity to showcase your content and expand your reach you can also utilize training hashtags to increase your visibility and reach in wider audience you must be thinking I'll just wait to grow my social media presents until I'm ready to start my only fans account however don't make that mistake growing your social media presence as early as possible allows you to establish yourself as an influencer in your Niche which in turn helps you to gain more trust from your followers this will give you a head start when you start promoting your only fans account remember the more followers and engagement you have on social media the more like the yard to convert these followers into paying subscribers so don't wait any longer start growing your social media presence now another essential tip is to be genuine and authentic in your content don't just post anything for the sake of posting your followers will be able to tell if you're not being genuine and it may hurt your credibility in the long run so create content that you're passionate about that aligns with your values consistently collaborating with other content creators in your Niche can also help you expand your reach reach out to influencers in your Niche and try to collab this will help you gain new followers from Their audience maintaining a consistent posting schedule is also a crucial factor in having an active and engaged user base make a schedule that works for you and stick to it lastly don't forget to engage with your followers respond to their comments DMS and share their content on your social media accounts engaging with your followers is the best way to create a loyal and supportive community in conclusion growing your only fans account may seem daunting at first but if you invest time and effort into creating quality content and growing your social media presence you will quickly see the benefits post consistently be authentic collaborate with others and engage with your followers and you'll be on your way to achieving success on only fans

  Top Comments:
  1. @GlaceManagement [1 likes]: How is Social Media Helping Your OnlyFans Account?

- We Need to Talk About OnlyFans and Loneliness | BBC Global: Kind: captions Language: en This is going to be a bit of a tricky conversation. There are a few topics that people find more uncomfortable to talk about than pornography, but I'm also well aware that discussions like this are sometimes framed as clickbait that's meant to shock you into watching along. I'm really not interested in doing that. But I want to talk about the adult platform only fans because I recently read an essay by the writer and podcaster Edson about how people's discomfort with talking about all of this might actually be causing a lot of us to miss a pretty seismic shift in our culture. One that's gone from people consuming pornographic content to now interacting with it. And it's a shift that gets tied up in a bunch of bigger debates about loneliness and screen time and how people engage with one another online. Ed has some pretty strong views on Only Fans. We reached out to the company for a comment on his piece, but they didn't issue us a reply. And one more thing before we get going, some of the numbers in our conversation are estimates from third-party data firms. That's mainly because Only Fans doesn't publicly release a lot of these figures themselves. All right, here's my interview. Ed, I think a lot of people listening to this conversation might think it's kind of a bit niched, but I do think Only Fans has become so huge. So, so give us a sense of why people who might not be interested in this subject and might think this is just porn and I'm not interested in porn should be aware of Only Fans and what's happening. >> Yeah, this is a good point. I I think the reason you have to care about it at this point is because of, as you mentioned, the scale. The number of people who are using Only Fans, it's now 378 million people, which is more than the population of the United States. The amount of money that they're spending on this platform comes out to $7.2 billion. That was in 2025. So that's more than the GDP of Andor. So, you know, you might not be that interested in this platform, but the reality is this platform is absolutely exploding right now. And what I wrote about and what I've been saying recently is, I mean, when I look at back at 2025, every year I try to pick my company of the year. And this isn't the the company that's necessarily the best company or the most profitable company. It's the company that best captures the current moment, that characterizes our time. 2025, my company of the year was Only Fans because there is no company that better capitalized on the specific conditions of our time. Specifically, this chronic sexlessness that we keep on seeing among young people, among my generation, also loneliness, and also just a terminally online society. So, we can get into what exactly Only Fans is and how it works. I mean, the the long and short of it is it's kind of like a porn platform. It's I call it Substack for porn. It's sort of creative focused. They use terms like creator and content and community, but ultimately it is hundreds of thousands of young men paying mostly young women for explicit and sexual content. >> There's tons of free porn out there on the internet. Why pay for it? >> That is the big question. And a lot of people don't fully understand this. The thing that you have to pay attention to is something called the private chat function on only Only Fans. And what people don't realize is that this is actually a gigantic piece of the business. This is a a function where you get to pay money to talk privately with one of these Only Fans creators, one of these Only Fans models. So, the big difference between Only Fans and traditional porn is the fact that you're not just paying for the the uh the act of of sex, it's not it's not the visualization of sex. That's not the whole story here. The story is that you're paying for access to actually speak with and directly communicate with these women. And so this is why I say it's not exactly a porn platform because it's also capitalizing on this very very large issue in America and around the rest of the world at this point which is loneliness. It's also filling this void of companionship. Millions of young men are getting online and paying lots and lots of money to simply have the privilege of messaging with their favorite Only Fans creator messaging with a young woman. I I'm not in business, thank God, because I would have been very bad at it. But it seems to me that let's say I had been in business and I sold chocolates, I would have a vested interest in there being a whole load of people out there with a sweet tooth. If I'm running Only Fans, it seems to me from what you're saying, I have a vested interest in there being a whole load of people out there who are lonely. >> Yes. >> And what does it say? I'm kind of zoom out for me. What does it say about our society and the prospect of solving this loneliness crisis? If that very loneliness becomes monetizable and actually becomes a kind of business model that businesses like Only Fans, and I'm assuming there are going to be others, have an interest in people being Well, I I think what it shows is this business, like many great businesses, is predicated on monetizing an addiction uh and a vice that exists in many people around the world today. So, you know, the the chocolate example is a good one, but I think this one this this is a lot darker. Um there are other platforms which are monetizing and capitalizing on the loneliness trend. I mean, I think you'd have to point to pretty much all the social media platforms. >> Um, you know, you look at just the way that the the life of a young person today is structured. We spend about 70% less time with our friends than we did around 15 years ago. And we spend about 70% more time looking at our phones than we did about 15 years ago. So, I think you have to look at pretty much every digital platform. Most of them are benefiting from the loneliness trend because most of them are benefiting from the fact that we are not spending time with our friends. We're spending time on our phones. And so Only Fans is kind of the the most visceral illustration of a company exploiting that problem because what you find among young people is because we're spending so much time on our phone, so much time on these screens, what's happening is we're we're subconsciously craving a level of connection and a level of companionship because we're simply not getting it in the real world. Okay, let me put the counter argument because I've listened to a few interviews with people who are defenders of the Only Fans model and maybe you want to extend it out to other things too, but let's focus on the Only Fans, which is that actually in this kind of gig economy world that we live in, Only Fans has given a lot of young women mostly the ability to make a lot of extra money to be creators, to control their own uh, you know, business model and put out content there that people will pay them for. You're you're working multiple jobs. You're a student. this gives you actually just a little bit of extra money in your bank account. >> You know, I I'm reluctantly willing to hear that argument out. Um, what I would say to those people is you're not actually getting rich doing this. And the reason you're not getting rich doing this is because the top 0.1% of creators on the platform collect 60 collect excuse me 76% of the total revenue on the entire on the entire platform. The reality is there's only a tiny tiny handful of people who are making real money off of this thing. And then you have to remember there's also a ton of money that's being made by the owner of the platform. We could find some instances where, as you say, yes, you know, young people are struggling with figuring out how to make a real living here. We're dealing with record housing prices. We're dealing with record college costs. It's not very easy to be a young person in today's economy, which could explain why young women would turn to this. And I'm not going to criticize them for it. But the platform itself and the scale that we have reached ultimately I think it's very hard to argue that this isn't a net negative for society. I mean this is this is the new cigarettes. This is the new uh perhaps the new alcohol although it's probably worse than alcohol. Um but you know this is a company that's tapping into our addiction and monetizing it at a rate that is just staggering. You end your piece, Ed, by um asking what, if anything, should be done about this, and you don't pretend that there are easy answers. Do you have uh the beginning, I suppose, of a hard answer to what could be done to rectify this? >> I think the first thing that young people should consider is you should consider just acknowledging the situation you're in. I mean, let's say that you are a young man who is spending your disposable income on messaging young girls. I mean, the first thing that I would say to you, you're not actually messaging a young woman. Um, one of the things that we're seeing with Only Fans is because these young women are getting so many messages, they are now having to outsource their messaging to what are known as chatting agencies. >> Well, so you think you're having a relationship, but you're not actually. >> You're not having a relationship. You're chatting with a guy who's behind the computer pretending to be the woman. That is realistically who you're actually speaking to. And these chatting agencies are now making a lot of money because this has become an entire ecosystem. It's an entire economy because these young women are getting literally hundreds of thousands, sometimes millions of messages every week and every month. So the first thing you have to consider if you're using this stuff, you have to get off. And I think that's the first step for young people is sort of recognizing the situation. And I'm not saying that, you know, young people should be scolded for finding themselves in this position. I mean, we were handed a very difficult uh deck of cards here. I mean, we were we were born in this online society where we were constantly glued to our phones. Uh we we were handed an economy that doesn't really work in our favor. And so I I I I'm not criticizing young people for being in this situation, but at the f very least, if you want to get out of it, you have to recognize what is actually happening. So that would be my advice to to a young a young man who is using only fans. This is doing nothing for your life. If you want to improve your life, you want to improve your circumstances, you should really just get off offline and you should consider putting your energy into things in the real world. From a societal level, I think the question that our leaders should be asking themselves is what do we do about this, it's not totally easy. Um, because I'm not someone who thinks that you should just ban these platforms. I don't think you should ban pornography. But I think you can take little steps here. And I think the best example of a country that has taken some decent steps in the right direction would be Australia, which decided to just ban social media for people under the age of 16. And I think what that does is it weans us off of these devices and off of these screens that get us hooked onto these platforms at a very early age. It nips it in the bud. And I would hope that what we'll find in Australia is that a lot of young children by the time they hit 17, 18, 19, 20, they're not so addicted to these devices, it doesn't become so ingrained into their life such that they start to convince themselves and delude themselves that the best use of time is to communicate for $20 a month to chat with a woman that they've never even met in their life. That's something that is very unique to our generation. And I do think it's a consequence of our screen addiction, our online addiction. And I think if we could cut that off earlier, then that might move us in the right direction. >> Edson, thank you very much for joining me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nysphrix [5 likes]: It's a grooming platform. Women who are barely 18 dehumanizing themselves.
  2. @extemporaneous4545 [5 likes]: 0:30  There is no seismic shift. People were always interacting with porn. It was called visiting prostitutes.
  3. @nysphrix [3 likes]: Ban prngraphy. (All kinds where there s real ppl and dehumanizes women)
  4. @ura9390 [1 likes]: Women exploiting men
  5. @maripurich [1 likes]: Great interview, serious and well researched. I did not know Ed Elson. Thank you BBC global.
  6. @sr.sriracha3391 [1 likes]: You should also look into the Korean idol app industry, where artists chat with fans and actively maintain the parasocial dynamic.
  7. @8rboy [1 likes]: Smartphones and social media will be looked upon by historians as a disaster for the human race
  8. @baronmeduse: Likely the same reason why some people visit prostitutes: to have some semblance of actual intimacy. Over the many hundreds of years of that profession it has come up time and time again that women have described 'clients' who seem more eager to just talk to the woman, or that they want that just as much as the sexual act. Only Fans is just the internet age version.
  9. @zipporahm4840: Go BBC. Big black ck
  10. @TathjianaIslas-r6t: Meanwhile they say they say they are being used into buying a meal during a date 😊😊😊😊 or count them but enough 😢
  11. @JessicaSaunders-t1g: If u think the content issue is loneliness what about the millions of married men who live it self Included
  12. @PrincessRapunzelFindom: Lonely men make the perfect subs
  13. @DeezN1892: Too late BBC, you should’ve helped these men years ago. Now redpill/blackpill culture is the mainstream amongst men
  14. @ageoflove1980: What these platforms also do is reward laziness. Socializing is not easy. It costs time, energy and money and a lot of times it doesnt even reward your effort. Especially for men, finding attractive women in the real world who give them attention can be quite hard. So instead of going out, making sure you look good, are in a good mood for conversation, having money to spend on drinks and food, slowly building and maintaining connections with the people you eventually meet, you could just go to this website and skip all this. It really is like drugs in that way, a cheat code to a cheap and very superficial type of happiness that will probably leave you feeling worse and more lonely over time.
  15. @cordfortina9073: Only fans is a model that will be made completely redundant by AI
  16. @julzpogi17: Lonely Fans😅
  17. @TheCerebralOne: He's saying the right things
  18. @baubo6763: This is actually something I always wondered about until I met my wife and got married. Before then I had basically 1 semi-serious relationship, and in general just an awkward IT nerd who played single player video games (key distinction in that I never liked multiplayer games) and read books during my spare time. But I never, ever felt the want to dial 900 numbers, aka onlyfans back in the old days, or even onlyfans when it first started. I found it odd people would spend money essentially for online girlfriend who happens to have a lot of other "boyfriends" along with you. 

But once I met my wife, who is a very outgoing person, and met a lot of her social circle, I realized that yeah, a lot of even introverts cannot live as a lonely person. Whenever my wife wonder how I can be happy just being alone and can just watch TV and eat pizza on the sofa, I tell her this just means she must be a very special person for me to get off my ass to woo and marry her lol.
  19. @vi5kclan16: Funny thing is, people see porn as like wow the men’s fault thy pay for it , it ruins life’s, when u see a homeless person addicted to drugs u don’t say its not the dealers fault its the persons for taking it
  20. @rudman97: That's why people converting, praying five times in mosque with thousands of people, socializing.

- The Dark Side Of OnlyFans (Mental Health Struggles): Kind: captions Language: en only fans is a platform where you pay to access uncensored videos and pictures from content creators knowing human nature people are often drawn to explicit content which is why sex influencers also known as only fans models or porn stars dominate the platform but while only fans was initially touted as a tool for female empowerment and sexual Freedom the conversation has changed these optimistic Notions are being questioned more and more as more concerning Trends reveal themselves today we're exploring the troubling Trends the impact in mental health societal norms and accessibility to exploitative behavior so stick with us Psy to goers as we explore the darker side of only fans content creation is a complicated and competitive industry it's no different for sex influencers the same way Mr Beast is constantly having to reach new extremes to maintain and grow his audience the same goes for only fans creators Lily Phillips is one such Creator who slept with 100 men for publicity but there is no such thing as winning in content creation it can end at 100 and was bound to be outdone another Creator Bonnie Blue claims to have slept with over 1,000 men within 12 hours shortly after the 100 men stunned these extremes can warp or view sex for creators and consumers as it becomes more competitive the act of sex is trivialized and turned into work it's just a job this has the potential to completely rewire intimacy extreme sexual stunts for financial gain could cause emotional Detachment objectification of oneself and the loss of personal boundaries for viewers if we normalize this it could take a toll in your expectations for and relationships with intimacy and relationships you may have heard of influencer houses in which influencers live together for collaboration a similar phenomenon reached only fans creators of course collabor in their case takes on a weightier meaning most people don't want to live at their job the stress involved is likely to be Amplified by the fact that any relationships have to fit into this environment and any sincere intimacy you could have is another opportunity for exploitation and monetary gain personal lives like sexual lives become content this can be extremely damaging to your expectations around intimacy stressful or emotionally straining living situations could exacerbate mental health issues in an environment in which sexually explicit activity with your housemates is always a possibility and the living situation is centered around making money there it's likely that the Bop house could become a space of prolonged stress rather than a place to unwind at the end of a long day what happens when these things get normalized in society let's explore further during the pandemic only fans blew up as people were uncertain about their careers and only fans gave women a place to take charge of their financial Independence and support themselves using their body it sounds positive but it could also be framed as being pushed into selling sexual activity to survive the value placed on only fans in the earlier years may have been misrepresented on average craters found that being an online sex worker was neither empowering nor extremely exploitative however just because you're in charge doesn't mean you're not exploiting yourself selling sexual favors is prostitution just because it's online does make it any different how is it not considered prostitution when as in Lily Phillips case donors can be physically involved only fans content can be psychologically disorganized this means that only fans content involves mental gymnastics using justifications loopholes and rationalizations to make it seem acceptable it isn't exploitative it's empowering it isn't prostitution it's just online content but how far do these rationalizations get stretched when it comes to the promotion of the lifestyle to Miners and people just turning 18 and fully believing that they have a wealthy fulfilling future waiting for them and only fans their worth will be forever tied to their looks and their sexual performance how do we justify people promoting their only fans on Twitter Instagram and Tik Tok to Young impressionable people when we would do our best to keep that out of our neighborhoods we aren't saying this because we think only fans models are terrible people or that people should be ashamed for choosing that path psychologically speaking we know that the life of a prostitute is not one we would typically gravitate towards or glamorize so when does that thinking relate to only fans when it's normalized as a legitimate career path these questions have to be asked how many only fans models are genuinely famous and wealthy and how many only fans models are there in total on the platform it's getting more and more difficult to secure intimacy there are a lot of reasons for this but poor use and corn addiction are partially responsible only fans is a unique case specifically for consumers because it feels personal on the surface you're receiving intimate photos videos and texts but in reality it's a personalized product that you've paid for the human connection that we need for a well-rounded and fulfilling life is absent from the transaction it teaches people that intimacy is a trade that it's something men can pay for and something women can sell the value of intimacy is intimacy it shouldn't be determined by how much someone is willing to pay or charge for it this creates scenarios in which people overreach boundaries because they paid for someone's meal or people will resist the urge to be with someone they like because they haven't sacrificed enough financially it stifles the ways we usually measure our relationship and sexual satisfaction it also promotes the unhealthy and depressing belief that intimacy is only for people with a lot of money or who follow a specific Beauty standard a do documentary was made on Lily Phillips's 100-man challenge after the challenge was filmed she was in tears she recalls feeling dissociated and couldn't remember a lot of the event which could indicate trauma though that's just speculation there's a true danger that the competitive nature of only fans relying on numbers stunts and marketing that people will be pushed to do challenges that could have a worse impact on Mental Health than we realize this phenomenon has wider reaching effects than just on only fans for example you shouldn't be pressured to do something you don't want to do just because your partner enjoyed watching it in porn porn is staged lit directed and performed it's a show and doesn't reflect the little things like awkward pauses running out of breath and discomfort that can make real intimacy a unique conversation between two bodies only fans and porn can make performers of us all whether we make content or not because porn is fabricated it's quite literal impossible to live up to the darker side of only fans is a place where you're pressure to do more than you expected you may find that the people you encounter through your work in your general sense of comfort are injured whether you're a Creator or not the effects of only fans and your mental health are worth considering if you're thinking about getting into it consider the competition and the things you will feel pressured to do in order to grow and maintain your audience if you're a consumer consider how it's affected the way you look at other women and your expectations for your relationships thanks for joining us py to goers we'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments below if you enjoyed this video let us know by leaving a like And subscribe to psych the go for more see you next time and remember you matter

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [127 likes]: Do you think platforms like OnlyFans are empowering or harmful in the long run—and why?This might be the last voice over from Gabriel, but if you like him, let us know in the comments.
  2. @lalucyx369 [1 likes]: I do OF & I enjoy it. But I don’t do meets I only play online and do things that go beyond my limits. I think it’s empowering def helped with my self confidence and finding a sexier side to myself.  Def has its cons tho the hate from online strangers is so overwhelming
  3. @planmars24 [1 likes]: Emotional Damage!!! 🗣️
  4. @nikangel5362 [1 likes]: Its safer no stds
  5. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪1:16‬‏ AYOOO
  6. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪1:04‬‏ They said freedom 🥀
  7. @MohamedTamer-l6d: ‏‪0:24‬‏ WTF
  8. @MohamedTamer-l6d: Only fans is just sucks
  9. @KT34462: USA values the s*x industry over childcare, education, healthcare, etc etc.
  10. @jr16794: Whoever hasn’t been on it please don’t… it’s deadly. I went on it after a night out last month cos I was still drunk and horny and wanted to see what the hype was about. I’ve been addicted since, it gives you such high dopamine because of the attention you get from these hot women and the sexting. I hate how much money I’ve spent only in a month of going on. Please don’t. It’s not good to encourage women to do this either. If anyone has any advice on how I can stop when I feel the urge, it would be great. 😢
  11. @letsdothat: As person experiencing the social negative impacts of online sex services I'd like to thank you for this enlightening content. This nightmare drags the people to itself like a black worm and hook them on to it worst than worst drug that is known to human. It makes a mother let go of her baby, a wife to her lovely husband, a father to her darling kiddo girl so unbelievably that you keep asking yourself why! How? And no one can answer that.
  12. @jpbart1390: And what would they do when they're replaced with AI girlfriends? 🤣
  13. @BlueMoon60-t4j: So this also applies to male solo content creators in OF? or they are safe??? No judgement just asking...
  14. @Thomzz95: Onlyfans is one of the worst things to happen to society. I'm happy china banned it.
  15. @SoyLen-u5v: Its more reliable than relationships
  16. @voicingemotions: That’s the darker side of all digital creators…being pressured to reach extremes
  17. @ashleypearson7848: Because of social media our world is doomed its already to late to rewire the thinking process that technology has influenced in a bad way! Im telling ya its to late no correcting it
  18. @saeidbokaei: imagine filming ur body and selling it to the people , How dumb hamusans can be!
  19. @nikangel5362: Maybe i getting a Mommy makeover someday I won't be so insecure about it. I just have a Daughter & Im protective of her as well. Men doing nasty stuff looking at her or these young girls.
  20. @kenyoung6666: Fact that many girls who do OF or porn are addicted to drugs or need weed to function and how many suicides there are tells you everything you need to know about how harmful it is and that there’s NOTHING good about it.

- The Dark Future of OnlyFans (Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en today's deep dive into the future of only fans a platform that started as a space for creators to make money but is now heading towards something far darker forget empowerment forget creative freedom the real story is one of addiction manipulation and the slow deliberate erosion of society's intellect let's uncover how only fans so-called diversification isn't broadening Minds it's dumbing people down welcome to Future exposed where we dive deep into the Hidden Truths of our digital world only fans was once praised as a platform of empowerment giving creators control over their content and income sounds great right but here's the ugly truth that's only half the story what was one a promising model for financial Independence has morphed into a machine of manipulation let's not kid ourselves the more time you spend on a platform like only fans the more money it makes the goal isn't to empower you it's to keep you addicted and guess what that's happening on both sides creators feel the constant pressure to deliver more to push boundaries just to stay relevant meanwhile subscribers are sucked into a never-ending Loop of consumption craving more paying more and thinking less it's not empowerment it's [Music] exploitation in 2024 only fans is pushing hard to move away from its adult content routes they're bringing in Fitness influencers chefs musicians and even so-called Wellness experts sounds wholesome right wrong this isn't about offering more content for intellectual enrichment it's about finding more ways to keep you hooked the more categories they offer the more time you spend mindlessly scrolling you see the diversification isn't making people more cultured or informed it's simply expanding the addiction the platform wants to be everything at once tick talkk Instagram YouTube and Netflix all in one place it's overwhelming overstimulating and ultimately dumbing us down instead of deepening our understanding of anything we're fed bite-sized dopamine hits that keep us glued to the screen craving the next thrill Never Satisfied never learning you think you're making a choice when you scroll through only fans think again the platform uses algor rithms designed to cater to your lowest impulses constantly feeding you what it knows you'll engage with and guess what it's not highbrow content it's the stuff that triggers quick emotional responses whether that's desire Envy or lust it's a vicious Loop what happens when a society consumes nothing but quick hits of shallow emotion-driven content we become less capable of critical thinking less engaged with the world around us and more focused on meaningless consumption this isn't just an only fans problem it's a societal one but only fans has weaponized it people are now paying to become stupider and the platform is laughing all the way to the bank let's talk about intimacy the biggest lie only fans has sold you creators offer personalized content live streams direct messages and exclusive behind the scenes looks subscribers think they're forming real connections but it's all a well-crafted illusion the reality is a pair social relationship a one-sided bond that manipulates you into thinking you're getting close to someone when really you're just another number on their earning sheet the more intimate it feels the more you pay and the more addicted you become you're not gaining anything meaningful from these interactions instead you're substituting real world experiences and relationships for digital facades only fans thrives on this fake intimacy knowing full well it's turning Society into a bunch of lonely isolated individuals who believe they can buy connection with a subscription fee here's the real kicker only fans isn't just destroying its consumers it's burning out its creators too while the platform claims to empower creators what it's really doing is turning them into Commodities the endless demand for fresh engaging content keeps creators on a treadmill constantly performing constantly producing often to the point of burnout and what do the consumers get an ever increasing stream of increasingly shallow content delivered by creators who are pressured to prioritize quantity over quality this cycle of constant consumption and content creation is unsustainable both intellectually and emotionally the platform is dumbing down its users but it's also ringing its creators dry all for the sake of profit if only fans continues down this path we're looking at a future where people are more addicted to stimulation than ever before it's not just about adult content it's about a platform form that has found a way to capitalize on human weakness the diversification into various content types only expands its reach turning more people into mindless consumers glued to their screens what does that mean for society it means we're heading toward a future where our capacity for critical thought real connection and meaningful creation is replaced by Mindless consumption we become passive observers in our own lives constantly chasing the next dopamine hit unable to disconnect from the digital leash platforms like only fans have around our necks but how deep does this leash really go and why has only fans become so desperate to mimic platforms like Tik Tok Instagram or even future Technologies like augmented reality let's cut to the chase only fans push for diversification isn't about opening the platform up to more creators in the spirit of inclusivity or empowerment it's about survival and control as the content landscape shifts only fans needs to break free from its reputation as an adult content platform to ensure its long-term viability the platform wants to attract mainstream users investors and content creators from a wide range of Industries much like Tik tok's blend of entertainment education and viral moment moments but why because the attention economy is ruthless platforms like Tik Tok and Instagram dominate because they offer everything memes dance challenges influencers and more all packaged into endless bite-sized Loops designed to hook users for hours only fans wants in on that action by diversifying its content it doesn't just want to expand its audience it wants to trap them in the same dopamine fueled cycle of endless consumption it's about algorithmic addiction if only fans can mimic Tik tok's model of bite-sized viral content while maintaining its lucrative subscription model it becomes an all-in-one content machine sex appeal Fitness videos cooking tutorials personal messages all tailor made to keep you scrolling this isn't diversification for the sake of creators it's diversification to manipulate users into spending more time time more money and more attention gradually making them slaves to whatever content the algorithm decides they need now let's talk about the future augmented reality isn't just a shiny new tech toy it's a GameChanger for platforms like only fans which thrive on offering intimate personalized experiences imagine a world where you can virtually exist inside the same space as your favorite Creator attending virtual concerts cooking classes or intimate meet and greets all without leaving your house it sounds thrilling but the darker reality is that this integration of AR will further deepen The Addictive nature of platforms like only fans think about it what's more addictive than content you can passively scroll through content that you can interact with in your own space a R could push subscribers even deeper into these virtual relationships making the experiences feel more personal and less escapable the line between the digital world and the real world begins to blur and people won't just be addicted to creators they'll be addicted to the experiences these creators can now offer in augmented reality this push into AR is just another way to capitalize on the most addictive elements of digital engagement it's about making interaction so immersive that you no longer differentiate between real and virtual the platform isn't just after your screen time it's after your reality in the end only fans drive to become more like Tik Tok Instagram and other platforms is about absolute domination of the attention economy divers ification isn't about creating more opportunities for creators it's about creating more ways to keep users locked into a feedback loop of shallow engagement AR will only make this worse offering hyper-personalized immersive experiences that tether people even more tightly to their screens and this isn't a problem isolated to only fans this is the future of all content platforms we're moving toward a future where entertainment intimacy and even education will be commodified algorithmically controlled and Hyper stimulating to the point of addiction only fans isn't the worst offender yet but make no mistake it's laying the groundwork for a future where the lines between reality and virtuality blur and everyone is enslaved by their screens the real question isn't whether only fans will succeed in this transformation the real question is how long we're willing to ignore the ethical cost of these platforms chasing endless profits at the expense of our Attention our intellect and our autonomy unplug before it's too late

- The Tragedy Of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en a high school English teacher in Missouri named Brianna copage was placed on leave earlier this month and quickly resigned from her position after as the media reports put it she was outed as a performer on only fans and of course the word outed is doing a lot of work here so is the word performer she is a prostitute not a performer and she outed herself when she decided to engage in this behavior on the internet where anyone in the world can see it for a small subscription fee now I must again remind everyone that you have not been outed when people simply notice what you yourself have decided to post on the internet as soon as something is on the internet it is out it is as out as a thing can possibly be the outing occurred the moment it was posted and if it was posted by you then you again outed yourself that's not how Brian copage sees it though uh she has defended herself to the local media here's what she says a former teacher in the Metro speaks only to locally to to four about being outed for bearing it all when that Franklin County woman's only fans page was found she was pulled from the classroom then Brianna copage voluntarily resigned and tonight only AR shash stall has the first interview with the teacher turned entrepreneurial porn star it's just like those connections that I'm going to miss Brianna copage started teaching 5 years ago being there for students like celebrating Milestones with them for the last 2 years and until resigning earlier this month she was at St Clair high school as an English teacher and one reason for her departure to make more money she started an only fans page a site that's growing popular across many generations on only fans some offer premium content to build connections with subscribers such as inspirational speeches photos and even adult content okay time out for a second why are we playing dumb about only fans here what what what what are you trying to achieve the local CBS affiliate is pretending for some reason that people go to only fans for inspirational speeches maybe that's the excuse the reporter's husband gave her when she found out about his subscription to the site no honey it's it's not what it looks like I I'm just subscribed for the inspirational speeches it's kind of the new generations version of I only read Playboy for the Articles and that could be where this is coming from or maybe they're just randomly lying about only fans because the media reflexively lies about everything and can't help itself at this point in any case here's what Briana um has to say for herself listen Missouri is one of the lowest States in the nation for teacher pay and then the district I was working for is also one of the lowest paying districts in the state copage says her yearly teaching salary was $42,000 when she started only fans she avoided showing her face because of her job as a teacher a lot of people asking why didn't you just get like a part-time job somewhere but teachers also take all of their work home like we don't get to stop working when we leave the school day we don't get to grade all 130 students papers during the day it's just not possible when you're teaching so we take that work home with us on the evenings on the weekends so getting a second job is just really not possible the St Clair School District said in a statement it was notified of the posts by an individual not affiliated with the school the statement goes on to say the district immediately retained legal counsel for assistance due to the sensitivity of the matter and to protect the Integrity of the investigation our handbook policies are very vague they just say something about like represent yourself well did I violate that I feel like that's a matter of opinion uh yes ma'am you did violate that it's actually not vague at all I suppose there could be some gray area in the represent yourself well category but when you start selling your body on the internet you have definitely crossed over the line not just crossed it but you've trampled it into dust becoming an only fans prostitute is the very definition of not representing yourself well if the district needs to clarify that section of the handbook then they they should do it by adding a picture of Briana copage a fully clothed picture just just to be clear Rihanna defends her decision to become as the news anchor puts it an entrepreneurial porn star by saying that well she wants to she makes a lot of money doing it which I'm sure she does but the problem is that I make a lot of money doing this is the worst possible moral justification for anything okay many of the bad things people do do because they make money doing it but we don't accept that as an excuse if someone says you know you know accuses you of engaging in objectionable and immoral behavior and you respond but I make a lot of money doing it they generally aren't going to say oh okay well never mind then I mean obviously it's totally acceptable in that case I just want to make sure that you weren't behaving in a disgusting and shameful way for free but as long as you're making money then never mind carry on that's not how the conversation goes and that's because we know you're doing it for money and attention and validation but that doesn't make it better now if this story sounds familiar it's because a version of this story plays out seemingly like once a week now before Brianna copage it was a woman named Annie Knight who made some headlines after getting fired from her corporate marketing job after starting an only fans page before her it was Kristen McDonald who's the special needs teaching assistant who was fired after her only fans activities were discovered and it's not just teachers and employees in the corporate world getting fired for this a while ago a female mechanic at a Honda dealership in Indiana was also fired from her job when she began dabbling in the entrepreneurial porn business and so this sort of thing happens frequently and for the most part these women when they're fired are treated as Martyrs by the media but they are not Martyrs it goes without saying or should go without saying that all of these women deserve to be fired your employer is concerned not just with your behavior at work but also with your behavior outside of work if it reflects poorly on them or causes difficulties in the workplace your employer has a right to take those kinds of things into consideration which means that if you become a prostitute in your free time you should absolutely lose your job you know most people don't want to work with or around prostitutes and your employer doesn't want to employ prostitutes it's disgraceful and dirty and disgusting and embarrassing this is obviously especially the case if you're a teacher but it applies no ma no matter your occupation and yes as established only fans is prostitution as I've been arguing for years all pornography is prostitution to be a prostitute is to sell your body for money and that's what everyone in the porn industry is doing it's what everyone on only fans is doing it's what a hooker on the street corner is doing there is no moral difference or even any significant practical difference between any of these categories but with only fans as opposed to what I guess we must call traditional internet porn this equivalency is the most obvious you know that that only fans is like the most direct parallel with being a hooker on a street corner which is also why only fans should obviously be banned now I think all pornography should be banned but if we have to go about this incrementally then only fans is a very good place to start the October 15th tax deadline has come and gone I know many of you might be dreading the stress of filing your taxes filing your taxes can be a long excruciating process but if you fail to file you start to pile penalties on your tax debt that's why you need to check out tax Network USA the team at tax Network USA has a track record of success they've reduce tax debt for numerous clients totaling over $1 billion whether you're looking at a $10,000 or a $1 million tax debt they can help you with a settlement it doesn't matter if you haven't filed in one year five years even a Whole Decade tax Network USA is equipped to secure the best settlement for you the expert attorneys and tax professionals at tax Network USA can help resolve all tax cases no matter how they started don't let tax debt control your life any longer take the first step toward resolving your tax issues by visiting tax Network usa.com Walsh that's tax Network usa.com Walsh today you know the tragedy of only fans and this is not to say that these women's these women are victims of of their own choices because because these are their choices but the tragedy is that nearly all of these only fans prostitutes would not be prostitutes if only fans didn't exist these like soccer moms and English teachers and corporate professionals they wouldn't ever even consider going out to the street corner to turn tricks nor would they go looking for a gig at the strip club down the street what they're doing on the site is morally and substantively and should be considered legally the same because there's no real distinction but the presence of the screen the fact that it's all done in cyers space makes it feel different you know it allows prostitutes to feel like they are not prostitutes and that's why they're invariably shocked when they end up getting fired from their respectable jobs I don't think that shock is like a put on they aren't pretending to be surprised they really bought into the LIE of only fans and of the internet pornography business as a whole and believed that because they were doing this on the internet it somehow didn't count in the real world only fans makes a life of prostitution accessible for people who would never consider it otherwise now that's not to say that bana uh and all the bana cages of the world would be virtuous chased dignified women if not for only fans it's only to say that they would not be call girls whoring themselves out for $10 a month only fans makes that possible in a unique way which is why it should not be allowed to exist it is a universal negative it hurts everybody involved in it it harms Society it can only cause harm there is no counterbalancing good being done by it prostitution is already illegal in 49 out of 50 states the question is whether there should be this carve out this special privilege granted to internet prostitution but why should there be why is there in fact internet prostitution has a more deleterious effect because of its accessibility and its ubiquity because it's the one kind of prostitution that a board soccer mom would actually engage in so if we're only Banning one type of prostitution the inperson or Internet variety obviously it should be the latter but instead we ban the former and the ladder is legal and virtually unregulated it makes no sense only fans in conclusion is a cancer it should be banned and it certainly today is is cancelled if You' like to see what else I have to say you can access my full show by going to dailywire.com or by going to the Matt wall Show Twitter page hope to see you there godp speed

  Top Comments:
  1. @peace2672 [1 likes]: Only Fans is harmful for Everyone. Sadly the women don't have self respect. And it isn't good for relationships that need purity to be healthy.
  2. @robertcrookall5991: Matt Walsh's pontificating in front of his fake window is more disgusting than anything on OnlyFans. Matt, if you have an actual job, maybe your emmployer should sack you, because "no-one wants to work around prostitutes", yep?
  3. @exlaxly: I’m here for the inspirational comments.
  4. @dmaster20ify: Being a teacher is rough. You have to carry work home and teachers are no longer appreciated.
  5. @SarahPonzio-x6w: I am going home school my feature kids !
  6. @JeremySayers38: So Matt Walsh shows he is SIMP SUPREMÉ!!!  He is Mr White Knight.  He loves his chastity belt and gives his key to his wife's boyfriend.
  7. @user-bf8ki9tc8j: If americans allowed the usa government to blow up the world trade center on 9/11, then the americans will always remain passive and let the country go right down the sh*tter. Donald Trump is a great example of what happens because of the weak minded passivity of most americans. He can do whatever he wants and americans just passively stand by with their fingers up their own a&*sses.. Enjoy your nearing dictatorship america! You deserve it.
  8. @BadaBingBadaBoom777: I think this is why you see so many single, lonely, sexless men nowadays, I genuinely think through podcasts and chat rooms that women made a collective agreement to withhold sex from anyone not in the top 5% and then they all started onlyfans to make a profit off of the lonely guys that they're rejecting for no reason that just want a normal relationship, so really they are manipulating the market so to speak. Most of these women are misandrist and narcissists thanks to social media.
  9. @BadaBingBadaBoom777: If she didn't have onlyfans, she would have to find a spouse to share a life with, oh the horror
  10. @SpecLobby: You complain when they made fun of Kirk without researching him and parroting hearsay. This man was not responsible for the content on his site. It wasn't originally allowed but he pressured by credit card companies to allow it and the site was soon flooded with it. He never forced people to put that on and he didn't have those ads like "adult" sites. Alternatives came that were far worse with scams on their sites he just continued what he had built he wouldn't give it up becaue people decided to our degenerate content up their you excuse of a man.

And I am not a lefty I am just a man who hates mob leaders like you
  11. @producerdirectorkarlweidma5532: Can you… yes. Will you… get criticized, fired, profiled… YES! This is disgusting toxic behavior for everyone!
  12. @anonymoususeridk: Being both a teacher and a sex worker is like being both a surgeon horror film producer. Neither combination serves as a diagnosis of a predatory mental illness per se, but both raise some serious questions and are a bad look.
  13. @rdshep4873: lets all Judge her.... maybe if a teacher got paid a "living wage" she wouldnt have to do this .... get real man
  14. @JT-oh9yx: Why Onlyfans must be stopped?  That's very unamerican....the political right is becoming more and more like the political left each day. smh.
  15. @jaimegallardojgenigma666: who gives a fuck homie, leave them alone,
  16. @zephed123: I got hooked on only fans and one day I woke up and realised what the site was all about, in one word money. I agree 100% of what you said, only fans should be banned, it’s immoral wrong
  17. @pattataj: As a woman, I hate this oversexualized world. It’s not empowering at all, if anything, it’s the opposite. I feel completely disgusted😢 please someone stop it
  18. @MichaelHayes-v5y: Stop speaking for everyone! I wouldn’t mind working around prostitutes
  19. @tabithan2978: You are also doing bad things on line, for money, lying, rage baiting, misogyny, racism, extremism, homophobia, you are the lowest!
  20. @Moises7770777: OF women deserve their misserable life consequences. I celebrate it, cheers!!!

- 2 Editing Tools for Editing Photos and Videos | Onlyfans | Fansly | Loyalfans: Kind: captions Language: en hey welcome back to my channel I am Ember Roslin and thank you for being on this five figure month Journey with me you can do it I know I can do it we're going to do it together and I'm just here to help you out so today we are going to talk about what softwares apps whatever that you need to edit your photos and your videos now I did a video similar to this I go into more stuff I believe it's called the six tools you need to be a successful spicy Creator okay but this one I'm going to specifically talk about the two tools that's right only tool that I use to help edit my photos and my videos so let's just get on into it for my photos that I use in even some of my smaller videos my my more my short-term content I use facetune okay facetune is an app that you can get on iPhone or Android and right now it is just an app for your phone okay you can't get it on desktop so if you're really wanting to edit your photos on desktop this would not be for you you could go another alternative and I'm going to throw this out there because I use this before um the other alternative is pick monkey don't mind my pup um is pickmonkey they are not I don't think that that software is as good or as efficient as face tune but that was the other one that I first started using before I got face tune okay so face tune um like I said I use the majority for all of my photos in my my shorter video so face tun you can do videos five minutes or less now if you do shoot in 4k like what I do if you do do a video in 4k and then put it in face tune to to edit it will knock it down to 1080 which isn't horrible at all but just just to be aware okay so face tune is I pay I believe it's $6 bucks a year right now and right now is June 2024 okay I pay 60 bucks a year um I started out with the free trial because I think you get like a 3ed day maybe a week free trial I'm not quite sure and then that's when I found out how easy it was to blur the background in my photos how easy it was to clean up my face if my face was a little red after doing some fun things I can clean up my face so it's not as red that type of stuff okay whiten my teeth if I wanted to and then you can also do like colored like filters I like to use like the ones that are like kind of like sunny I think the other one that I use is it could be called influencer and that it just it just like I guess it just kind of brightens everything and then it also gives everything like a nice like tone color Okay a nice beautiful tone color that's what I use use it for and I it's very very easy to use on my phone because I take all of my pictures on my phone I don't use a camera an actual camera camera I take it all on my phone so as soon as I'm done editing I keep it in my gallery and then when I'm ready to edit I just pull it up it literally takes me I don't know 10 seconds let's go let's go generous it literally takes me 20 seconds then that's super generous per pH photo to edit okay in facetune so if you got a ton of if you got a ton of photos you can get through a lot okay and then then after that then you just put them in your organizational thing that I use which is Google Drive and then you can just start uploading and everything like that cuz it's all edited you don't have to upload wait to edit and okay so face tune that's what I use for my for my editing I don't have an affiliate link which I wish they did but I will link the face tune if I can in the description below okay so you know exactly where to go and then the video editing app that I use is cap cut which is free there is a paid version of cap cut for what I need it for and use it for I don't need the paid version and the the best part is that you can use it on your phone or you can use it on desktop you can also add captions in there that's for free as well you can cut and slice and remove words you can add music to the background a bunch of things I use cap cut for all of my video editing stuff okay not just for my spicy stuff I use it for this like these videos that I'm doing right now I use cap cut for this I use cap cut for I do other like um baby sensory videos on YouTube okay I use it for that I I use it for a lot I use it for my Tryon Channel again I use it a lot so it's free it's literally just cap cut um also not an affiliate link but I will go ahead and I will link if I can link it below I will do that for you so you know exactly where to go and and that's it okay I feel like both are very very easy to use and that's my big things the easiest the better so uh I will talk to you all in the next video later

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeahJeffery-x6y: Thankyou
  2. @JohnKang-u9v: How do upload my pics on Loyal Fans

- How to add a preview to a post on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we're going to talk about how you can add a preview to your posts on only fans let's pop over to desktop and so first let's just load up a couple of videos we have a preview and we have our full video and we're going to want to make this preview free and we're going to want to make this full video behind a pay wall and I'm going to show you how we're going to do that first you're going to add a price in this case we're going to give it a post price of let's just say $3 and now you're going to you kind of see this blue box is a little confusing you're going to click this Arrow right here and then you're going to take this one which is the preview and then click this Arrow again and that's going to move it out of the blue box and then click check and now anything in this blue box is the one that is going to be behind a price tag and anything outside the blue box is going to be the free preview and I think you can do this with text as well I think you can say test text and I think that'll put that yeah and so that'll be behind the preview as well um so you have that option as well if you want to do that and you can only if you choose to make the text behind preview it doesn't look like you can add any other additional text so that's it um so that's how you do that and so again you're going to click this little arrow button to open up the little transfer window you can then take this if you want bring it back click the check mark and now you have no preview so just like that Arrow opens up the transfer window select the media that you want to transfer transfer it over check mark you're done boom this is ready to go ready to go click post I hope that helps if you have questions other basic questions about how to use only fans leave me a comment or shoot me a DM these videos are super quick to make and I'm sure that there's there's going to be people out here that are going to find this helpful so take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @md-zr2wq [12 likes]: Thank you for explaining I couldn’t figure that out for the life of me
  2. @dallasryan880 [2 likes]: Thank you. Question how do you put a thumbnail for the video like you did with those 2? Mine always show black in the post. Thank you.
  3. @djsugarfree116 [2 likes]: How do you do it without a desktop
  4. @zizziz-sf6lo [1 likes]: I tried. It did not work......
  5. @AlexisHeath-k7q [1 likes]: Thanks
  6. @haileyblocka5588 [1 likes]: Is there a way to make text previewable, but different text locked on the same post?
  7. @AlexRogersproteinfactory [1 likes]: thank you
  8. @JuliaNatashax: the prize tag on mine is not showing 😒
  9. @VelvetteSWE: Thank you so much. The person who did the UI design for this needs to get fired hahaha.
  10. @Sherri.NewEarth: That was incredibly helpful- Thank you!!!!!
  11. @AmberKolleda: How do you price set the blur option or like a sticker covering something in a video. Like you send out a video but what people to pay to see really what you’re doing
  12. @AmberKolleda: How do you price set the blur option or like a sticker covering something in a video. Like you send out a video but what people to pay to see really what you’re doing
  13. @ScarlettFey-i2k: this does not work for us
  14. @coffeeNcuppies: Thank you for sharing this. It is helpful❤
  15. @NaturalFeminity: What s your nickname on OF?
  16. @NaturalFeminity: Thank you for this useful detail. Our channel is only starting but one day it will probably come in handy we are all three beginners in the field and on video platforms, a bit like if we have lived in a cave the last 15 years.🥲😊
  17. @jrxyjrxy: thx gang
  18. @takemyfeet: Thank you for clarifying what they've, for some reason, made a very confusing process😘

- How To Blur Face In CapCut - Full Guide: Kind: captions Language: en we'll guide you through how to blur a face in cap cut if you find this guide useful then please consider subscribing and liking the video open a project in capka and go and add the video now what you need to do is make sure the video is not selected go at the bottom and click on effects click on video effects click on the search bar and type in blur just like so there's a few options to choose from I'll choose this one on the right here and we've now added it then I can press cancel and I'll press the tick now what you want to do is hold the end point on the blur and make sure the blur is the same length as the video and then click on the video and scroll along the options at the bottom until you see duplicate click there now with the duplicate selected you then need to go and click on overlay at the bottom again and then click and hold on the overlay and drag it right to the start of the other video so they're matched and then all you need to do is click on the duplicate and scroll along again at the bottom until you see the option for mask just here and you can then go and click on circle at the bottom I find it to be the easiest in the bottom left click on invert as well and as you can see we can then position the blur to be blurring the face now when I play the video back you'll go and notice my face goes and moves so to keep up with this we'll need to key frame go to the right of the play pause button at the start and add a key frame and then all you now need to do is start moving the blur with the video and a new key frame will be automatically added as you started to add them so then just keep moving the blur as needed it's best to do it in smaller increments to go and make it more precise after you finish you can click on the tick and now when I go and play it back you'll see the blur follows the face if you found this guide useful then please leave a like

  Top Comments:
  1. @professertom5757 [3 likes]: I have seen many comment saying it works and useful but for me doesn't work😢
  2. @itsjennnybeans [2 likes]: Wow.. this video helped me so much. Thank you!!
  3. @SledderVR [1 likes]: Thank You!
  4. @ShakaAssata [1 likes]: I think u needs to slow it down when u tutoring so ppl can get better clarity and understanding..keep in mind
  5. @safinakhan3230: It's not working 😢
  6. @ducematnoir: amazing info was exactly what i needed
  7. @1santsoo: ty
  8. @ArielBenMouha: thanks man !
  9. @vlogswnaomi: LIFESAVER
  10. @Volvo5200: It works for me... I use pixalated
  11. @thesteveo1975: Oh yeah.... Super easy 😂
  12. @DUDE_RL0: I swear he has a tutorial for literally everything
  13. @rongsuopan: It's a bit troublesome to manually select faces by framing in capcut.U can try [wumask].Auto recognizes faces and blurs them, very convenient.
  14. @thisandthat65: Does this work on a PC?
  15. @jackmacadam0: eeee!!! EEEEEEEEE thank you
  16. @Sardar1471: Rubbish instructions very confusing don't follow this any one reading comments please
  17. @Aaliyahdanahaughtonmywife: Thank you I needed this 🥹
  18. @Typugpro: cheers mate legend so simple too
  19. @BartoshPodstepski: really useful thanks for that brother, God bless
  20. @jimmybatista617: This tutorial just saved my ass. Thank youuuuu

- CapCut App Video Editing Tutorial for OnlyFans | Step-by-step tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en one of the number one things I get asked about as an adult Creator is how I edit all of my content and eventually I will even make a tutorial or some kind of video course on how I shoot it but for today I want to show you exactly how I edit all of my content right on the cap cut app on my mobile device so first things first download cap cut to your phone iPad or open it up on desktop and let's get into exactly how I edit open up the cap cut app on your phone and the first thing you're going to see is the opportunity to go to a new project button and you're going to bring in all the clips that you want to import into your editing session so I'm going to go ahead and select these six clips if you want to preview a clip before you import it you could just tap on the clip itself and it'll start autop playing so that you know this is the clip that you are interested in importing and then just drag down on the screen to minimize it again and see your Content Library as a whole then then in the bottom right there's a blue button that says add number of clips and then tap that to import them into your project the first thing I always do when I'm editing on cap cut is I reorganize my Clips in the order that I want them so to do that all you have to do is scroll through and you can kind of scroll through and scrub all of your video clips here but if you hold one down you'll notice they become individual squares and you can drag them in whatever order you want them to be in so I'm going to go to this first clip that shows me in the frame and I'm going to hold it down and drag it to the front because that's what I want to start my video with once you reordered your Clips exactly how you want them the next step is to trim or split or splice the clips exactly how you need them to be so if I tap on this first clip you'll see it gets selected with this white outline around it that means that clip can now be worked on and you'll see a whole bunch of options provided at the bottom that you can slide through in your editing process to make changes to that clip that you have selected so for this first clip what I want to do is I want to trim down the beginning to kind of cut out this beginning section where I'm like fiddling with my hair so how I would do that is I would take my finger on the thick like white column at the beginning of this clip outlined in white and touch it and then drag it inward until it's at the beginning where I want this clip to start and then when I see myself talking that's when I know I want the clip to be there and I'll let it go now this clip begins at that point another thing you could do is if I hold down and drag that back out I'll bring all of that back but I could scrub through and scroll through until I see where I want this clip to begin or start and right there looks good what I can do is I can hit this button on the bottom left where it says split and that will split my clip into two clips and then I can and tap on the beginning part highlight it in that white outline and at the bottom there's an option to delete that part that I just spliced or split off so I'm going to delete it both have the same effect it's just two different ways to kind of get to the same end game essentially once you have your clip exactly the length you want or you've split everything off that you don't want to keep then you have your clip the right size you're going to go do through that process for all of the clips that you have either splicing them or trimming them by dragging them to where you want them to begin start or stop and then you will be left with only the clips that you want included in your video now that I've got that all done we have the final clips that we are going to keep in the original content and we're going to kind of get to this more artistic phase of the editing process this is the very basic like trim your Clips reorganize your Clips um splice or split your clips and now we're going to go into what makes them kind of appear beautiful and give you that really nice polished product so the first thing is if you are new to cap cut or you haven't adjusted your settings at all yet you're going to see at the end of your video If you scroll all the way to the end that there's going to be this black um frame that cap cut automatically adds with cap cuts logo in the name so what I like to do is delete that frame or if you've gone into your settings and adjusted this it will no longer add that frame at the end which is what I suggest you do but once you've deleted that cap cut frame by tapping on it selecting it and then hitting that trash can icon at the bottom you're going to want to add a different ending to your clip so that it feels final and and good so what I like to do is I like to click this white plus sign at the right of my content timeline and then at the top right you'll see the stock videos option and I'll touch that and then right there slack in the middle is like black end frame and that's what I always select on pretty much all of my videos you can also do this with a white end frame or a translucent one if you choose in the bottom right you'll see an add blue button and I will touch that and if you scroll through your content or scrub you will see now you have a black frame at the end of your video this is where it gets really exciting and fun at the end of all of my videos I kind of give a fade to black effect which is what I'm going to teach you how to do now if you deselect the clip and it's no longer outlined in white you do this by tapping on it then you will see a white box appear between your Clips with a black line through it if you touch that white box it's going to bring you up all the transitions you can put between your Clips you can scroll through and try a lot of different transitions see what feels good but the one I most commonly use and always use um in my explicit content is this transition called mix if you tap that you'll see that it gives you kind of this cross fade or Fade to Black effect and then there's a scroll bar at the bottom that can make it longer and shorter depending how long you want the fade or the Cross Fade to take between your Clips or at the end frame of your video below this scroll bar you're going to see an option at the bottom left that says apply to all that'll apply this transition to all of your Clips in your contact or in the bottom right there's a check mark to save I like to do things really efficiently and optimize I pretty much use this cross fade of mix this transition on all of my uh Clips so I'm going to just hit apply to all in the bottom left and then I will click that right check mark at the bottom to save and now if you scrub through your content you will notice you have these beautiful cross Fades between each of your clips and it's starting to really shape up and come together now something else I do that a lot of creators ask me about is how I get my skin to look so Flawless in the content um how I get everything to be so polished feeling which this isn't necessarily what sells well this is just the content I like to produce so use this if it interests you and totally ignore if it doesn't but if you find a clip where you are in frame where there's a person in frame and you select that clip remember you touch the clip to select it and it'll become outlined in white and then in your bottom options at the screen there is an option that says retouch and you can select that option there are multiple ways you can retouch a clip cap cut has a lot of different options but the one that I apply to all my content and what I suggest you focus on is the body retouch tools if you use the face retouch tools you can kind of on occasion get that filter effect where it unfilter your face then refiltered body retouch tools and it's going to ring up a whole plethora of tools what I do is I just scroll all the way to the right I click on the smooth tool and then I will turn that up a bit and you'll notice my skin will automatically look more smooth and more polished and more even if you want to see the before and after all you have to do is hold the actual top image of your phone like where your actual picture is if you hold that down you can see the before and after of the tool being put into a effect so I'm going to click the bottom right check mark to save this if you are doing explicit content and you are featured in all of the clips of your content which when we're when I'm filming and editing I usually am typically I would hit the bottom left apply to all Clips um but since there's only one clip in this example I'm just going to hit that bottom right check mark to save now again if you touch the top of your content you can see a before and after and you'll notice that this looks very fluid and beautiful now the last thing I do to my Clips um what I'm editing is I'll tend to color correct or color adjust and cap cut has has some really beautiful filters that make this super super easy so if you hit the back arrows to get out of the body retouch and again make sure that clip you are working on is selected with that white outline you can scroll the bottom options until you see an option called filters if you tap on filters you're going to see a ton of options that come up to adjust the color or the way your content looks and you can kind of go through those and see which ones you love but for me I saved some to my cap cut shortcuts and I've typically used the one called clear it adjusts the video a little bit but not in any major way and I feel like it highlights my best features accentuates the color of my hair the color of my eyes and that's kind of where I tend to live when I'm editing my content but you can have a ton of fun with this you can use a variety of filters you can use the filters to set the tone and mood of your content if you're trying to film something spooky there's definitely filters that can accentuate that Vibe so you can have a lot of fun with this um once you found a filter you like if you want to save it to your favorite section in cap cut hold that filter down and then it'll go to your save section as a shortcut that you can use more quickly during your editing process now that you added a filter found one that you like you can again in the bottom left hit apply to all to have a lot of continuity across your content or you can just apply to one of your Clips by hitting the bottom right check mark I'm going to apply it to all and then I'm going to hit save now that we have this polished skin we have the color correction across all of our clips and we have this beautiful Fade to Black I feel like my content is pretty much complete this is really all that I put into my editing the only thing that I would change or that I could say I add on occasion is if I'm adding music into the content then I will adjust my clip length or the amount of Clips to kind of follow the beat or the rhythm of the music but for the most part to just get a clip cut together and to produce content as a new or veteran content creator this can really give you a majorly polished product um just going in with like a beginner level cap cut you know Insight some other things that you can do if you really want to spice things up if you tap on a piece of content and say you want it to pan in Zoom this is something I just recently started incorporating in content and I find it remarkably useful there are these little diamonds about Midway through your cell phone screen when you're looking at cap cut it's toward the right side and you can find them basically right here these little diamonds and if you tap one of those diamonds and then you scroll to another part of your content and you tap the diamond again that is going to add key frames for you and if you scroll like zoom in on your top image of your video like this Zoom by clicking and dragging or pulling right or left you can actually pan and zoom your content by just reorganizing where you want it to go so for this example I am going to zoom in and I'm going to slightly shift my video to the right side and then if you go back and you scrub or you watch your content play you'll notice that it will slowly zoom in and it will pan to the second diamond or key frame and you can incorporate this in a lot of ways when you're editing your content sometimes I'll catch something when I'm filming behind me in the room that I don't like or that I wish wasn't in the clip and I can't cut it out but what I can do is I can slow Zoom onto my body or myself in that clip and I can pan away from whatever I'm trying to leave out of that part of the clip so this can be a really useful tool for kind of navigating things that you accidentally filmed or didn't expect to get in the back of filming this I find very very useful once you've kind of gotten around understanding how to use key frames in your content you can also incorporate differences in speed for your content so I really love playing with speed especially if I'm filming a video that goes to music for example but if you select a clip and you want to adjust the speed at which it plays once it's outlined in that white box and you can see the options appear at the bottom you can click on the speed option there's a normal option and a curve option the left option that says normal just gives you the typical increased speed by 1X 2x 3 X kind of thing the option that I prefer is this curve option on the right if you touch it you can pick some of the the presets that it has which will give you a really cool sped up and slowed down effect but what I like to do is click on the very first option that says custom and then hit the custom button again and it gives you this edit ability or this edit capability to customize your speed and then you'll notice you can click on these circles and drag them up or down to change the way the clip plays in terms of the speed and it can be a really useful effect like I said again to match it to music or to slow down and accentuate a part of your clip or speed up and you know accentuate a different part of your clip you can get really creative with this tool once you've kind of sped up and slowed down all of the curves of your content to your likey you can then hit the check mark in the bottom right to save it and if you're not getting exactly what you feel like you need you can also take the timeline here and you can drag it to a place where you want to like add a different beat or add another Circle to add an adjustment in the top right where it says add B if you tap on that it gives you another point that you can adjust to speed up or slow down your content so you can really customize this to you know any extreme or exactly what you're trying to communicate in your clip and then you save it in the bottom right by clicking at check mark so now you will see we have this beautiful slow zoom and pan this transition and then we have this clip which slows down speeds up slows down speeds up and gives you just a lot of room to play and really get creative once you want to save that again bottom right check mark when you feel good about about it you can use those back arrows to get out of the speed settings and kind of see your entire um toolkit right there again at the bottom of the screen if you deselect a clip the tools at the bottom of your screen are going to change you're going to get different tools so you're going to get the option to add overlays additional effects ratio ratio is where you can change the the canvas of your content so if you want to reformat it to be 9916 vertical content this is where you would do that if you want to change it to be one by one instagram kind of square content this is where you would do that beyond that you can really just get in and experiment and play with all of these other tools there are a lot of capability to extract audio in this there's a lot of capability to add stickers if you wanted to and and just crazy effects and and things like that but for the most part I find that this is a pretty complete way of editing that doesn't involve a lot of you know major skills or major educational components and can still help you produce a very well-rounded very complete very beautiful and aesthetic video and I showed you literally in this little tutorial everything I use to make all my videos I don't mess with much in terms of um these other tool options at the bottom Beyond this so if you're looking to kind of create the kind of content that you see me creating this is literally all there is to it you are so capable and you can totally make this happen so get in there get on cap cut and have some fun creating I'll see you there see Squad

  Top Comments:
  1. @cruelalice [3 likes]: Easy to follow tutorial ❤ thank you  so much for sharing
  2. @Cheysworld. [2 likes]: Thank you! I struggle so much with editing
  3. @ethanramy [2 likes]: ‪Good afternoon gorgeous, thank you meltose for always being such a incredibly beautiful, inspiring, and absolutely gorgeous human being. Every step you take on this earth you make it ten times better. I hope you have a wonderful morning. Love you big time. ❤️🍻‬
  4. @Chelseablonde [1 likes]: This was everything, had so much resistance with editing until now🥺 thank you ❤❤
  5. @Mauuuudette [1 likes]: Omg thank you!! There’s nothing worse than when the face filter has a glitch 😂😂😂
  6. @OnlyMyOpinionsYo [1 likes]: Thank you so much!  The Key Frames thing and the reordering of clips is a game changer for me!  I was just trying to figure this out yesterday.   That key frames thing especially cause sometimes I do have things in my clips I dont want.  Excellent video tutorial!
  7. @kalamarie4878 [1 likes]: LOVE THISSSS, followed!!
  8. @TheGrannyPantyPodcast [1 likes]: Thank you!! I learned a couple new trick!!
  9. @AlbaRoseDomina [1 likes]: Thank you so much!!!
  10. @lauratommasone7378: This is very informative and easy to follow.  Thank you so much!
  11. @Chaos6991: You are amazing thank you so much!
  12. @YelizYasemin-ms9ms: 1:15 Avanco Social é imbatível para compra de seguidores e curtidas.
  13. @cassandrawycko5170: This was awesome thank you!!!
  14. @ЖеняКозлов-й3ь: Ты сияй, и будет всё как хочется. ❤😍

- HOW TO USE ONLY FANS *SIMPLE *THE BASICS: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up and welcome back to my channel if you guys are new here make sure you guys hit subscribe if you guys are digging so today's video is going to be me teaching you guys how to use your only fans this video has been very highly requested by a lot of my feet babes um i just haven't got around to filming it because i didn't initially know how to film it how to explain things to you and i still kind of don't but i'm gonna try to to the best of my ability for you because i know a lot of you are searching and looking for more understanding on how only fans works and all the questions that you possibly may have only fans isn't the easiest thing to start um i mean it's easy but it takes a lot of practice for you to understand like what buttons do what and you know what not and i'm still kind of new to it but i wanted to teach you guys the basics of only fans so that way you guys can get started right away with whatever you guys decide you are going to sell on only pens so with that being said i'm going to get right into the video and i hope you guys enjoy okay guys now that we are on my only fans account i do want to show you guys a few things that you guys are going to need to know when using your only fans i'm going to keep it super basic straight to the basics like things you are going to use the things you're going to need when starting your only fans and you're a beginner at this there are not many things that i use there are a lot of things that i have come across but these are going to be the things that are the most important when you use your only fans and you're just beginning so you guys can see me in that little mirror how cool anyways so i do want to show you guys how to upload a photo that's going to be number one of course obviously so that's going to be this little button right here that says add media when you click it it's going to pop up all of your files that you have on your computer obviously i have like thumbnails and stuff i don't really have any feed content in my laptop just because i usually delete them once they're posted so there's that there's gonna be a button next to it and it's gonna say add media from bolt when you hover over the button i don't really touch that i don't really use it and i'm not gonna go over that because it's not something that's necessarily you need to be using so we're just gonna skip that and then we have a record voice so record voice is you know obviously self-explanatory hello duh like let's get it together here you know but um yeah so pretty much um you're gonna push this little three you're gonna push the three little dots and that says more and it's gonna show you a lot more options now this is where we're gonna have a little bit of fun with what we're gonna do so when you're using only fans you can do polls for your subscribers let's say you don't know what content they wanna see or what content you wanna put out so you're going to give them the option to vote on what they want to see so on here you'll just click it and then you'll be like kissing toes or licking toes so you'll just give them the option i don't do either so yeah nobody i'm not knocking anybody that does though so yeah but i don't so i'm just gonna give them two options and then you're gonna be like which one do you do you like best and you can just interact with them you know and i'm just gonna post that just cuz i haven't posted anyways so it's gonna pop up on your feed and then we're going to go back we're going to go to more again and then you're going to see this little expiration um button i don't it's like a little what are those things called uh i don't remember what they're called but they're like the little clocks that have the sand in them you guys know what i'm talking about i obviously don't but anyways you're going to click that and then it's going to tell you expiration date so what you're going to do on this is this is going to be like you're going to upload a photo but you're not going gonna want this photo to stay on them forever so it's gonna eventually like disappear after the time that you set it for so i'm not gonna put a photo but i'm just gonna i guess i could it doesn't really matter so for one day three three days seven days 30 days are no limit so i'm just gonna say one day push save and then for that you're gonna keep that there you're gonna see it at the top right here we'll post will expire in one days and then i'm just gonna be like who wants a a custom video and then in a in like one day it'll expire so it will go away in one day which is pretty cool um excuse my family in the background anyways next thing you're gonna do is there's a schedule post and what i like the most about this is that if you're out of town or if you're going on vacation or you're just super busy you can schedule your posts without having to log into your only fans account and post on there so with that you're gonna upload your photo um and with that you're gonna click it and then it's gonna ask you to choose what day so let's just say the 16th right which well today's the 16th so i'm gonna say the 17th and then i'm gonna push next and then you're gonna pick the time in which you want your photo to be posted um i would just say like maybe 12 noon so that way it's in the middle of the day whoop-dee-whoop and then you can pick am or pm i'm going to pick obviously pm save it and then it's going to stay up here scheduled for 12 tomorrow and then this is when you're going to upload your content and yeah i don't have any content on my computer so i can't show you that okay so this is another cool feature you can basically have your customers tip you so for me um sometimes i'll go on here if i want to make like an extra fifty dollars just from tips for having nice feet obviously um i'll put like maybe my goal is fifty dollars and then with that you'll push save down below it's gonna say how many options you can have um the first one is gonna be five dollars you can add ten dollars you can add 25 and you know just depending on whatever your clients choose they'll be able to click the button and automatically pay you that amount and it's really cool so you'll have a target um goal for whatever you're trying to raise and your subscribers can pay you for it which is really cool um it's the more popular you are the more likely you are going to get paid with that little service but it's really cool so then another thing i want to show you guys going into um you know your settings um so this is obviously my account right now i only have two fans i my fans fluctuates from you know one to ten just right now and depending on how consistent you are with your feet like i always post content so there's tons of content on here if you guys want to just ever be as come a subscriber and you know look at all the few pictures and feed content that i have posted it will be there for you guys to review i post tons of pictures i haven't really been posting videos but i am going to start i promise you anyway so on the little sidebar when you click this little um i guess you can say profile icon i don't know what you would call it um it's going to show you like all these settings you're gonna go into my profile and the my profile um is going to take you to your profile so when someone clicks on your link this is pretty much what they're gonna see um down here you will have your you know your bio and then promotional campaigns bundles and whatnot i obviously have a bundle deal going on right here for 20 off for six months you get a six months trial of all of my fee and whatever and then you'll obviously see like some of my little content down below um yeah so if you go right here into the edit profile button it will take you into all the fun stuff that you're gonna need to do when you start so up here you're gonna upload your cover image which will be this image right here and then down here obviously upload your profile photo for your only fans um my content is feet so everything is going to be feet related down here your name your um at name and then right here your subscription price my price is 35 just because i do sell my feed prices are a little higher than normal so getting a lot of fee content for the month for 35 dollars is a deal i promise you and then down here you'll be able to add your your bundle deals so obviously i have 20 off and if i click it i'll be able to do like all these discounts right here and it just depends on how long you want to do 3 or 12 months um i don't know why i have oh i have a six months already so the so it's three six or 12 months that you'll be able to do a discount at whatever price or whatever um so down here this is where you're going to put you know your information for your bio and whatever and then you can put your location your website and your amazon wishlist i should put my amazon wishlist but honestly i use my boyfriend's amazon so i don't really need to use it but you know it would be beneficial to have people you know send me gifts or buy me gifts or whatever okay so down here is the account information um i don't really connect any of my accounts to it so yeah but this is where you would go if you wanted to like delete your account or see who logs in from where and your password and then i'm not gonna click chats because it's obviously personal but yeah and then notifications that's where you would go if you wanted to see who tipped you who liked your post and who became a subscriber it just shows you like a list of things security um this is just where you would go to edit all of your um privacy settings and just anything that has to do with you know settings and your privacy and then story again i don't use this so yeah but i guess it's for when you post on your story and you can choose nobody or subscribers and then yeah so then if you go down if you go to the little bar again you're gonna be able to see referrals here is my referral earnings this is how many referrals i have personally and i can see all of the amounts and all of the people all of the amounts they've made and all of the people um that has have signed up with me here's just a few so shout out to you guys if you guys are in this video and you get to see your only fans account and yeah so this is my referral link this is what you would give other people who wanted to sign up for only fans and this is my referral earnings because you do make a five percent earning off of anyone that uses your referral link so shout out to everyone that has signed up using my referral link and has made money um shout out to you you guys are awesome and this video is for you if you guys are stuck don't know how to use your only fans um hopefully this video is helpful all of this stuff i learned on my own i'm i'm just helping you guys so that way you don't have to go searching um okay i don't use bookmarks and i don't use vault and i don't use list um statements i do use i don't know if i should go let me see if i can go on oh yeah okay so these are all my statements i'm gonna blur all of this out but pretty much you can see how much money i've made i did start in august and whatever this is how much um is in my balance which is pretty much what i'm gonna get paid on the next check but obviously there's nothing but 96 cents and you have to reach the threshold of at least 20 before you get paid out but i do have a pending balance of 28 so what that means is someone just subscribed to my channel i mean someone just subscribed to my only fans so the money is pending right now and once the money is pending it's gonna go from pending balance to primary balance and when once it's in the primary balance i can cash out at any time once the money is available for me which is really cool so yeah and then down here you'll be able to do i don't click your payout request so this is everything that has ever been paid out to me and how much i've pretty much made on only fans which isn't a lot because i kind of stopped doing it um and then here is my earning statistics and analytics on that and then if you go back to the little profile thing you can go to promotions i don't have any promotions up here you'll be able to see who's active on your only fans account as in subscribers and then who's expired restricted blocked all of them free trials and fan stats and this right here where it says your cards to subscribe in bank i'm not gonna click those but just know those are where you would go when you have to add your bank account information so that way your money goes straight from only fans into your bank account and your cards i'm not too sure what your cards is okay see so i don't know what this is i don't have one so yeah i mean definitely use that it says please add a new card to subscribe to your users to recharge your wallet i'm just gonna kind of stay away from that i'm not going to do any of that but yeah and then down here it's help and support you guys can always use that like i haven't used it because i try to figure out everything on my own but if you guys need to do it and then this is just to turn the only fans dark i don't know if you guys like yours bright or if you guys like it dark personally i like only fans white but my youtube account is black um my phone is black as well but i don't know for my laptop i just like everything to be a little bit more brighter but you can always change it and yeah and then down here it's gonna be where you want what language you want your account to be in and then obviously the log out button so remember that this little guy over here is going to be your best friend your bff um you can also add another account so let's say you want to do fee content but then you want to have another one for hand content or you want to do nudes i don't know everyone does things differently you can have accounts for that as well so this is where you would add another account or let's say your friend is over and she wants to log into her account that's something that you guys would definitely do just remember that this is to upload a photo and that's like the most important thing is uploading a photo this over here is to schedule your post and remember you're always going to look at the top because it's going to pop up on the top and then that's when you upload your photo and then right here that's like an easy target you're gonna set an amount and hope that people tip you um and then polls just to interact with your your subbers and that's all so yeah and then this little bell over here is going to show you everyone that has you know liked your stuff and then this little button is going to show you all of your notifications pretty much this button you can click it if you wanted to upload content for instance if i wanted to upload something it would take me just straight to this page and it will show me everything that i needed to do um you know i could go live start a campaign i'm not too familiar with only fans i just know the basics which is why i wanted to teach you guys the basics and then this little button over here will be my chats so yeah um i hope this video was helpful for you guys i've been wanting to film this video but i didn't know how to screen record my laptop but now that i do it's going to be very fun for me to make these kind of videos for you guys well i hope you guys enjoyed this video and i look forward to seeing you guys in my next one make sure you guys comment like and subscribe and turn your post notifications on so you can be notified when i post new videos every week because i do i do and yeah i love you guys and i'll see you in my next video [Music] peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @DomStarlaiDelDesert [1 likes]: I believe you were trying to think of the word "timer" or "hourglass".
  2. @Le_Fearnot160 [1 likes]: This is sad.
  3. @Artamisartamis [1 likes]: I’m late but watching to learn
  4. @itsnotchinox95: thank you for that, but you smacking your lips triggered something inside me that I didnt know existed haha
  5. @Boo4uHalloween: Damn girl ur hot
  6. @jesusyack: oh, I have a question. I’m trying to use the only fence, so I can live stream my boxing event. How do you put the paper view subscription when people watch live can you do a video on it?
  7. @westcoastbred7745: Lmao I'm a scorpio and love love love Pisces men. Yes they can still frustrate us but they compliment us and we can "control" them. We are the sign that can hook them. The only thing i can say is that i cannot stand the DELULU and elusiveness.  They all over the place but we have a space in the hear for them. My mom is a scorpio ♏ too and my dad is a Pisces ♓.  Yes Pisces are very disorganized and pushovers.  my new manager is Pisces he's a sweetheart but man so forgetful and in his own world.  My ex boss is an Aries and was more for me as a Scorpio woman in the workplace
  8. @ewokmyweewok: i tried for 9 years and only made 5$
  9. @kekecanolis: Don't use it it's an abomination in the eyes of God it's a sin
  10. @Lenarandoms: How do you set content for only paid subs?
  11. @SelinaBentz: How do you sign up.  I am confused. Feet. And boobs and  modeling swim
Wear.
  12. @dariustyson292: Thanks for making me even more stupid
  13. @Lganme: So do I just post pictures or videos of myself? I have subscription base but I’m not sure if I just post to my page.
  14. @BiancaRose-qe4dl: Very Helpful!
  15. @arturonavarro2803: Jesus Christ  is the way of life not this garbage ! 
For a few bucks you put your soul at stake ?
  16. @muhammadimran00786: Hello
  17. @RipperTheEntertainer: Next time make your screen small and make the screen your showing big. We can barely see what your showing us. We already know how your face look
  18. @Babe-r4k: I just created mine, I posted a few posts but I feel so lost😭 it’s: 0nly_babe
  19. @luchiNalo: want to know your onlyfan account
  20. @emiratequeentv3221: How can I download the app

- Data Privacy and Consent | Fred Cate | TEDxIndianaUniversity: Kind: captions Language: en thank you I'm gonna warn you right now there no there no audiovisuals and part of that's because if you're looking at someone I want you to be looking at me and part of that's because after 30 years of working in technology I don't trust it but don't worry I have I have note cards and when I told the organizers this they look slightly chagrined but I said don't worry it's only for the long boring quote so I want to use and the statistics that I want to bore the audience with and that made them feel a great deal better so let me say when I heard the topic was entropy nothing came to mind faster to my mind than data because we are surrounded by data that seems to be falling out of control data being lost by corporations data being stolen from government agencies data that we are volunteering that's being collected about us billions of bytes a day that seems hopelessly out of control and just to continue the focus on entropy it seems to be getting worse so I thought what I might do this evening is talk about particularly the challenge of personal data and privacy so remember all of this data that we are talking about much of it we are volunteering we are posting those pictures of our delicious meals that we think our friends care about we are engaging in millions and millions of texts a second we are posting images and videos at a colossal rate at a rate that could not have been imagined it's become almost meaningless to talk about the volume because unless you're a computer scientists talking about things like petabytes and terabytes I just start starts to add up to the point it means nothing but it has a tremendous impact on our privacy it has a tremendous impact on this data that's being um that we are volunteering that's being collected about us in some cases it's being calculated or inferred about us are you a good credit risk should you be able to buy that car are you somebody that we want to market to these may not even be data that really exists about you but rather that are being created the New York Times reported in 2017 this begins the statistics that accompany you've never heard of not Facebook not Amazon not a company that trips off your tongue engages in 50 trillion personal data transactions a year that's buying and selling your data and mine every year it seems completely out of control and along with it our privacy there are many reasons for this but the one that I want to focus on which I think will be I hope of interest to you and I think is a tiny bit controversial is the role that consent plays in data protection and privacy today modern privacy law really came about in the 1960s and it came about from an academic study so this makes people who work in universities very happy dr. Alan Weston who was at Columbia University wrote his doctoral dissertation for which he later got funding to turn into a book this sounds familiar so far called privacy and freedom and in that book he defined privacy in a way that every country in the world now follows and that is and I quote the claim of individuals groups or institutions to determine for themselves when how and to what extent information about them is communicated to others right by the 1990s every country had followed suit in fact in the New York Times William Safire wrote accepting legitimate needs in law enforcement and public interest control of information must rest with the person himself now you might not care about Alan Weston or William Safire but the Supreme Court went along with this view as well and in 1988 and Department of Justice versus Rapporteur committee gave us the definition that we use today but the common law and the literal understandings of privacy encompass the individual's control of information concerning his or her person now just quickly unless you think this is just a u.s. phenomenon Europe and Asia and many other countries have followed suit Europe you may know enacted a new general data protection regulation it took effect May 18 months ago and that regulation although they're quick to say they've not made the mistake that the US has made and focus so much on consent they use the term 108 times it's still pretty important in California which has adopted our most recent privacy law the California consumer Privacy Act yet the law gives individuals the right to consent about uses of their data that are collected online well look this sounds like great I mean like who could be against consent in fact challenging consent seems totally counterintuitive in the world of privacy because privacy is after all so closely linked to ourselves and our autonomy but for seven quick reasons I want to outline I think it's both impractical and undesirable that we focus on consent and I think it explains why privacy law is in the dreadful state it is today okay first think of the complexity of privacy notices you see them all the time you probably ignore them that's okay almost everybody does unless you're a lawyer and get paid to read them but you go visit the doctor you get a privacy notice you log on to a website you get that little cookie privacy notice that's required by European law that's why you get it you know researchers like to count things and if you count for example PayPal's privacy notices thirty six thousand two hundred and seventy five words that's by the way longer than Hamlet iTunes Privacy Policy comes to nineteen thousand nine hundred and seventy two words just longer than Macbeth right one 2008 study calculated that to read the privacy policies of the forty or forty five most popular websites in the world would take an individual thirty full working days a year so these notices are complex because the things in Plex they are difficult to understand and we often just pass them by second they are often just inaccessible for example how many of you have phones ok everybody has a phone in this audience I'm gonna be willing to bet and every one of you could be recording right now despite that nice sign at the entrance that says please don't record did you give me a notice that I can send to that did we discuss that in other words how do you provide consent in environments in which you're in a group how about you walk down the streets of Bloomington's they're their cameras now you consent to that how do we manage consent in a world in which data is being inferred about you or collected as as part of a group a third reason is that consent is proven incredibly ineffective mainly because people just ignore it and I love this quote that's why I carry it with me the Federal Trade Commission Chairman Jon Leibowitz back in 2009 and remember the FTC is the United States largest privacy regulator they're the people who make the rest of us put notices and give consent he said we all agree that consumers don't read privacy policies little troubling from the guy who's done more than anyone else on earth to make us have them in fact his predecessor FTC chairman Timothy Morris commented at the end of 2001 about a new law that required more notices and consent opportunities in the financial services market and a chairman mirror said this acres of trees dyed to produce a blizzard of barely comprehensible privacy notices indeed this is a statute that only lawyers could love until they found out it applied to them too okay fourth what we often find out is that the consent we're giving is entirely illusory we have no choice try to update your iPhone right there's a new software it comes out every couple of weeks if you don't update it quickly you're prompted to update it then it starts blocking it then it starts saying we're gonna update it for you automatically then the phone stops working the first thing it does when you go to update it is it said here are the seventy four screens of our privacy policy you can download it you can email it you can agree to it but you cannot not agree to it and that's ilusory consent that's meaningless that may make lawyers feel better in fact Apple makes it pop up twice consent yes and then it says do you really consent right the alternative being would you like us to turn your very expensive phone into a brick which is the alternative if you say no okay fifth there's a huge burden on individuals of all of these consent opportunities and what consent is often talked about as a right sometimes even a human right it's realistically much more of a duty it's much more of a burden on individuals and remember when you make that choice it has the legal effect of shifting the liability from the from the the data processor to you right it's just like when you drive in the garage and you take that ticket and on the back of it it says we have no liability for anything we can crush and mount your car we can throw it out the the edge of the garage we're not liable for anything that that may look like a right to you like you got the right to consent to that by driving in the garage but realistically it was the imposition of a burden on you and on me and that burden is really quite significant at times because of the legal significance that can attach to those six choice often serves as an enormous disservice both to individuals and society think about press coverage right do we really want up the president to have a right to privacy right now that only his consent will allow coverage of what he's been up to fraud prevention crime detection do we want to wait till the criminals consent so that we can use their data so what we do in these cases is we override the consent we acknowledge the consent doesn't work research something close to my heart often depends on being able to use past data often in an anonymized fashion without going back and getting individual consent but finally and most importantly the real challenge about consent is it leads to lousy privacy protection it's not the same thing clicking I agree to I get privacy now you agree to terms that often eliminate your privacy you agree to broad terms that appear to have no limit we're being asked to do things that we could never be asked to do in other consumer protection settings right imagine a consumer protection law that said well you can always ask the consumer if it's okay to defraud them we don't allow that we set rules and then we hold people to it we don't allow you to consent them away its own tempted to end there but I won't I have four more things I want to say very quickly and that's because I want to say something positive I don't just want to be a drain on your otherwise stimulating evening so what my we do that would look differently right so one thing would be less focus on consent and more on stewardship of data if you collect my data if you use my data and something goes wrong that causes harm you should be liable for it you can't shift that liability by asking me to consent to take it myself you would be the steward for my data and that's the way we treat other things that's the way a lawyer is who acts on the best behalf of his or her client that's the way a banker is that's the way a doctor behaves why wouldn't we say if you're using my most personal information you should be held to the same requirements you should be a steward you should be acting in trust of the person whose data you're using second we might think more about what are the things we agree that can be done with data in normal circumstances and what shouldn't be done with it stalking is out fraud is out well but something should be in you know bill collection fraud detection maybe even research if you want to keep the vice president for research happy there's some things we might be able to slide over into the generally permitted category so long as you use good security and not have to burden people by telling them the bleeding obvious like if I if you give me your credit card I'm gonna use it to charge you money third we might think more about redress because no matter what happens something's gonna go wrong that's the one thing we know that's the one certainty in a world of entropy and right now we are often left in the cold when something does go wrong in fact we often learn about it from the newspaper and finally when we do ask for consent let's make it meaningful timely and effective and since I've criticized iPhone I'm gonna say something nice about them now you know that just in time message did you know this app was using your location data right now that's kind of a useful prompt it gives you a chance to say no I'm gonna go in and shut that off I don't like that but using consent in all of these other settings has the unintended effect of making us tend to ignore it when we could make meaningful effective choices that would protect our privacy thank you very much you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Klosejerry [2 likes]: Data is the most important mineral.  We must seek to protect and not abuse data.
  2. @AlexandraHoggatt [1 likes]: he makes true and accurate statements i am done with having people who don't like me hacking into my gmail account and viewing my emails.
  3. @TonyLoyFly-y7c [1 likes]: Hello Sir, I have been told my data has been breached can you please contact me
  4. @protectingjelly8150 [1 likes]: - cookies required by eu law
- paypals privacy notice is 36,275 (longer than hamlet), itunes privacy policy is 19,972 (longer than Macbeth), 2008 study said to read the privacy policy of the 40-45 most popular websites in the world would take 30 days --> complex difficult to understand and most people just pass them by, inaccessible, current consent model ineffective many just ignore it 
-- FTC (us most powerful privacy regulator) chairman admiited that "we all agree that consumers dont read privacy policies " 
- we don't have a choice, iphone updates you have to agree you dont? No phone
  5. @nikawolkowska1580: 📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿🌏‼️
‼️📢‼️✨📖⚡‼️🎬‼️🎥‼️⚡🔔✨‼️🔔‼️
📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿📢‼️🌏🕊️🌿🌏‼️
  6. @PersonalOpinions-w9i: The idea of “consent” online sounds good, but in reality it doesn’t work that cleanly. Most of the time, people just click “accept” without really understanding what they’re agreeing to, mainly because they don’t have much of a choice if they want to use the service.

The argument assumes users are in control of their data, but that feels questionable. If the system is designed in a way where saying “no” isn’t practical, then consent isn’t really meaningful.

It ends up being more about convenience than actual choice. People trade their data for access, often without realizing how much is being collected or inferred about them.
  7. @dfu1685: So I am watching this video five years after it was posted. Does anyone have any idea if there have been any changes to protect the non-Lawyer people or most of us?
  8. @ElizabethOmoworare: Thank you Dr. Fred Cate. 

How did we get here? 

When you ask for consent, give the consumers a choice.
  9. @Mike-rv4cn: GO IU u bunch of MOFOs!
  10. @snufbox: This is all good information, i guess, so how about offering some real world solutions for what we can do about it? It’s now 5 years from when this was uploaded and it’s gotten a whole lot worse. And is now in the power of fewer hands. It feels as though any suggestions would be futile this late in the game.
  11. @juliebaz: No mention throughout this seminar about anti viral security software being advertised / marketed by tech industry and it's manufacturers distributors and suppliers which I call out fraud as the service delivery claims do not provide consumers that  purchase security or privacy in which that would evidently be clear providing a service or product under consumer law in which claims to offer a service or a product that does not deliver on their claims is fraud deceptive corrupt and impractical . It is a rort a scam and financial abuse.Its a civil class law action suit against corporations conducting tech industries to allow them to financially abuse and put our information at risk of crime. Additionally the pre installed manufacturers software and it's cookies policy claims to collect data for the purpose of investigating security privacy threats along with impractical function for diagnostics they call it customer support and or  IT tech support  in which in my experience DO NOT RESPOND in all hypocrisy false claims and statements indemnified for any loss or damages arising . And or provide deceptive information and or both information that is partially void as to reiterate it's own policy. This is illegal and injust.
  12. @mrnoob_playz9ha: good job
  13. @WhoKnewSecrets: Is Cognify a tool for justice—or a blueprint for mind control?
  14. @opheliaanderson2654: Well done! Bravo!
  15. @theman8447: in Malaysia Sarawak, data privacy is close to none. the isp, leaks information. commercial site, purchasing, postal, bills are all being used to 'herd' it's people perhaps used to segregate its populus, by ethnicity, to even business advantages,
  16. @MichaelSkinner-e9j: People can’t just take your information and make money off of it.

If you don’t consent to it, they can’t do anything with it .  And I never consented for anyone to do anything with my data.
  17. @rgortega1285: How come anyone can use data (paid for) to deny or ruin any individual that was a criminal in their younger days but saw their mistakes and changed the ways they think. Especially drug or criminal activity.
I personally, do not approve what I was but have changed to not damage society or humanity as biological rights are hard to hide from. With legal hard to hide from regardless of who you might be.
  18. @rgortega1285: How come anyone can use data (paid for) to deny or ruin any individual that was a criminal in their younger days but saw their mistakes and changed the ways they think. Especially drug or criminal activity. I do not approve what I was but have changed to not damage society or humanity as biological rights are hard to hide from. With legal hard to hide from regardless of who you might be.
  19. @0_P_N: great talk. Although what is called a privacy notice, is really a contract notice that is called a  privacy policy.    Its not a privacy notice, it doesnt refer to a standard privacy law for internet activity, it refers to terms and conditions.  the privacy policy is  a scam, and definitely is not a privacy notice or statement that refers to the data that is being captured or used in a specific context.  Nor is provided, prior to data capture or collection of identifiers and attributes, so that consent is actually possible.
  20. @YueZhang-hf4xs: 5:03

- How Cambridge Analytica Exploited the Facebook Data of Millions | NYT: Kind: captions Language: en In 2014, you may have taken a quiz online, something that looked like this. And if you did, you probably shared your personal data, and your friends’ personal data, with the company that worked for President Trump’s 2016 campaign. Here’s how it happened. It begins with a research firm, Cambridge Analytica. C.A. partnered with a U.K.-based academic, Aleksandr Kogan, who was using Facebook data for research purposes. Quizzes were sent to around 300,000 Americans. They looked innocuous — over 100 personality traits to agree or disagree with. And you got paid less than $5. But there was a catch. To take the survey, you had to log into Facebook, which gave Kogan access to your profile, including your birth date, location and, most importantly, your Facebook likes. Kogan combined the quiz results with your Facebook data to develop a psychometric model, a sort of personality profile. He then combined this with voter records and sent them to C.A. claims that these models were the heart of how they profiled you&nbsp;— your neuroses and other exploitable traits. But Kogan and C.A. didn’t stop there. His app also grabbed the personal data of your Facebook friends and compiled similar profiles of them. In just months, 270,000 people took Kogan’s survey, and the data of up to 87 million friends was also harvested — close to one-quarter of all U.S. Facebook users. C.A. then used that data to target people, maybe you, with political messaging. C.A. said this targeting helped the Trump campaign’s strategy, but the campaign disputes this. Kogan’s work claimed to be for academic research, but he also shared your information with Cambridge Analytica — a violation of Facebook’s policies. So, was it a data breach? Facebook says no —&nbsp;that no passwords were stolen and no systems were infiltrated. But Mark Zuckerberg has said it was a breach of trust between Facebook and its users. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission is investigating the case.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaizer-_0036 [3 likes]: Apayan
  2. @Jchasser [3 likes]: How is any different than targeting ads
  3. @MissMal92 [2 likes]: This 'unbiased' story is brought to you by
The New York Times:   bought and paid for by the Democrat party.
  4. @paulhennetier9383 [1 likes]: Wsh c'est une dingerie
  5. @trevordutch6748 [1 likes]: How else could you defeat the demise of the American Democrats drive to run this country into ruin for their own personal gain. WHERE are Hillary Clintons deleated  emails? Why have we not investigated the Hunter Biden laptop....Seek or your country along with your children will pay big time if you don't seek further.
  6. @BlackShogun1 [1 likes]: Wow how much jail time did they get, Oh wait this America Rich White Educated People who break the rules in the World of Tech/Wallstreet don't go to jail.... man almost forgot. They get paid were they break the rules are not. They all end up in a documentary saying no comment, or look you bold face kn the eye and justify mass amounts of greed as that's just bussines nothing personal.

 It was bascally a full service propaganda machine for profit.
  7. @Morpheus_Xsx [1 likes]: And finaly Marck agree to payd 720+ million of penality!
  8. @donnafeagley: Infiltrated my human rights, protected by my constitutional rights.  This is so Wrong!😮
  9. @youpichu: Does the fudal system in the uk have a cambrige barron? Does trump work for the king now? Did he before?
  10. @gota51ytb30: Evan le goat
  11. @ishiroshiii: selem, cimer pour les infos les petits khouya
  12. @gimperiale: I remember writing a paper on this controversy for my English class in high school! 

Honestly, it only raises the point of using something easily exploitable like Facebook. 🤦🏻‍♂️
  13. @svenlima: Thumb down because of the overly loud, superfluous and annoying background noise (music).
  14. @troybird8253: Sensors use ultra sound, bluetooth, gps and pre-installed applications to gather information on users. 
Think about what is happening or what pings occur when you are close to wifi or other smart devices connected to cloud servers or other American affiliated servers.
  15. @sh1nyarm0r: It's still the voter who decides who to vote. This article is a sham.
  16. @eliasp8645: is Michael Fassbender doing the voice over?
  17. @EL_BIG_10: And your Friends personal data with the company
  18. @EL_BIG_10: And if you did you probably shared your personal data
  19. @EL_BIG_10: Something that looked like this
  20. @EL_BIG_10: In 2014 you may have Take w a quiz online

- There’s Virtually Nothing You Can Do To Protect Your Online Privacy: Kind: captions Language: en the modern internet is built on an implicit bargain we get free access to websites life-changing apps and connective social media and in exchange companies collect our data to sell to advertisers advertising has us chasing cars and clothes working jobs we hate so we can buy we don't need and back in 2010 an innocuous message board quote became internet famous if you are not paying for it you're not the customer you're the product being sold i think it's one of the worst functions of the way that the internet tends to work and i think it's a myth that we've been bludgeoned into accepting every day it looks more and more like that bargain has spiraled out of control because it turns out that the services we got maybe weren't all they were cracked up to be facebook is accused of inciting a genocide in myanmar tick tock snap and youtube facing questions about how well they protect children instagram reportedly knew the app was fueling body image and other mental health issues and the amount of data being collected on each of us was shocking the specificity of that data is creepy and companies and governments are using that data in ways we never imagined or really agreed to but every time i talk about this topic with friends or family without question someone says i have nothing to hide so why should i really care so that's what i'm going to explore because they absolutely should care a lot the best solution would be to dismantle these systems smash them into bits put them on a rocket and launch them into the sun this is think again with me andrew stern where i take you every step of the way as i dig into compelling complex or controversial topics that make us wonder do we need to think again and a surprise to probably no one one of my favorite nerdiest places to troll for stories is this archive of academic studies and papers and one of the most downloaded papers in this site's history is this one it was written by this guy daniel solov and it's called i've got nothing to hide and other misunderstandings of privacy this particular paper was written all the way back in 2007 in the shadow of the patriot act but professor solov's chief message was that the entire way we think about and understand privacy is wrong privacy is many things they really don't turn on secrecy they don't turn on information you want to hide they're really about the use of your information how information about you is gathered compiled what inferences are made from it and ultimately what decisions are made about it professor solov ran through a ton of examples for me for instance your finances aren't necessarily a deep dark secret but you'd probably consider that information private same with your address and the names of your family members certainly not dark secrets but i'd imagine you'd probably want to control who has that information same with your religious affiliation or maybe your medical history but it goes beyond not wanting certain people companies or the government to have intimate information about you it causes harm because this information could be used to make judgments about people and it can be used to decide things that affect people's lives you could be prevented from qualifying for an apartment or being able to buy a house or a car you could miss out on your dream job because of your financial history you could be preemptively fired for looking at another job opening in states where abortion is criminalized your search history and location data could potentially be used by prosecutors and it's not just the big companies like facebook google and amazon who have this kind of information on you there are hundreds literally hundreds of data brokers collecting buying and selling your most private data without your knowledge or consent so to get a sense of what kind of information is out there on people i requested a copy of everything one of the largest data brokers had on me and then i called up my coworker manny to tell him what they were able to dig up hey what's up man how's it going we'll see you very soon i haven't opened this yet you and i are going to react to it together uh live so the report is a hundred and three pages long oh my god oh wow they have my address from when i was in college which was 40 years ago or something that's that's harsh okay savage savage they have email addresses that go back to like high school they know that my wife and i have had a kid they know the gender of that child they have like the last dollar amount purchased which is accurate you mean online yeah so like i bought like a like a four pack of nike socks and with tax it came out to 17 and they've got that in this report when did you buy them like middle of last week oh my god okay so they have based on their inferences what they think my body mass index is okay they have here what my sleep quality is so this is interesting at the end of the report they have a table for all of the data they have sold about me i understood that you know advertisers are smart about who they present their products to i didn't quite realize that they're combing through like every last bit of your personal life to get this information so that wasn't as embarrassing as i would have thought but it was also a lot more creepy than even i imagined there was just so much data they had on me but what comes next might be even more freaky because companies are starting to use algorithms and artificial intelligence to dissect all of that data a lot of which is inaccurate by the way which i saw in my report and then make huge decisions about what we can and can't do in our own lives for many people the assumption is that these mechanisms don't make mistakes and that is very far from the truth chris gilliard has been one of the foundational scholars on the privacy abuses of the internet specifically how they impact already marginalized communities and being the privacy expert that he is he doesn't pose for photos or go on camera for interviews he'd only do an audio interview with me this is kind of concept of i've got nothing to hide why should i care what is your response to that type of thinking i mean my fluid response is okay take off all your clothes give me your keys and the passwords to all your devices to kind of segue into the more reasoned response right it's not a question of whether or not you have anything to hide it's more about whether you desire or not to share something professor solov and gilliard made almost this exact same point privacy is really about agency do you have the right and the ability to control who knows what about you the claim that you have nothing to hide is comes from a very privileged position by that he means that people who typically say this and this has been true in my anecdotal evidence too are usually white folks who the system tends to take care of but for folks of color these systems historically do not the notion that people are only going to be targeted for things they've done wrong or they're going to be fairly targeted or accurately targeted historically none of those things are true or at least there are populations for whom that is not true do you see a difference in state state-based versus private companies in terms of who is collecting buying selling or assimilating this kind of privacy data i think there's very few meaningful distinctions because even in the case of what law enforcement can't get or would say require a warrant to get often they can just ask or buy that from particular companies for example a report came out in may showing that ice is buying tons of information from data brokers to create a massive surveillance system it can point at almost anyone in the country with basically no oversight and it's not just data brokers all sorts of powerful companies and government agencies are buying and using data in ways we didn't agree to or really envision and one of the harshest examples comes in the wake of roe v wade being overturned chris and i did our initial interview before the landmark supreme court ruling and there are now huge implications for women and their partners now that abortion will not only be prohibited in a lot of states but it'll be criminalized in a lot of states too so i called chris back to ask about that specifically how do you see either law enforcement agencies or you know private anti-abortion groups using digital data i'm trying not to be hyperbolic when i say this but there are almost no limits the amount of tracking on almost any website that you go to it means that almost nothing that we do is in any way sort of privileged or or secret or anonymous or anything like that chris said that's true even if you follow the guides organizations have published on how to pursue an abortion secretly like buying a burner phone to search for resources there is no meaningful and significant way that the average person can avoid this when i say average person i mean i can't do it you know you'd have to be really highly knowledgeable very technically skilled and extremely careful and that brings us back to the original question about why you should care about your data and your privacy even if you feel like you have nothing to hide because that's not what privacy means it's about having agency and ownership about what information is gathered and shared about you and how that information is used but at the heart of all of this i think is even a larger philosophical question that gets at what it means to be an american public obscurity and the ability to move about society kind of unbothered is a foundational bedrock in which like a sort of free and democratic society exists in this country we're presumed innocent we don't have to justify ourselves to the government and i have to constantly be looking over my shoulder wondering what some government bureaucrat is likely to think about what i'm doing that's the whole point of privacy it's none of your business we're supposed to be able to go about our daily lives in obscurity if we want to but to meaningfully participate in modern life we're forced to give up that foundational american right or at least we do based on how the economy of the internet is currently constructed anyway a firm and fundamental belief is that many of these systems should not exist [Music] they've got my religion ethnicity code as middle eastern arab which i am neither of those things i think they saw the beard maybe it's a fair point thanks for watching our youtube channel follow today's top stories and breaking news by downloading the nbc news app you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZE_TRVTH_NVKE [2 likes]: >trust us gоу, it's all hopeless, just surrender
NEVER
  2. @BoogeymanKane97 [1 likes]: Research REMOTE NEURAL MONITORING. our privacy been gone. They can do whatever they want to you with those VOODOO devices
  3. @NiallPurdie [1 likes]: I don’t like to hang  dirty laundry outside. I cover my face with a mask also. That doesn’t mean I have something to hide - it means I show respect to victims who have been abused and I don’t want them to be hurt and shamed further
  4. @SamWilburn-o7r1p: The idea that the system "looks after 'white people'" is a moronic statement to make.  The "system", as it now exists, is not looking after anyone - except maybe the corporations that are doing the harm.
  5. @palles1972: Privacy data come and make it false you use AI to make my privacy data false to data brokers ??????
  6. @sfn-obsvr: This is the future. If you got nothing much to offer society this is the common denominator. Probably at least the majority
  7. @Neuralink666: I’ve got nothing to hide I’m basically an open book but now your corporate overlords have even your dna though 23 and me
  8. @MissEtak87: there are many books and movies made over government spying on citizens especially with concerns for the rights and protections of any specific citizen as a gov official could target them; that is the story of a book made into a movie "1984," but here is the unexpected, the setting in the movie was in a communist country like Russia. Who would expect that a country that disallowed and disagreed with English soldiers knocking on colony doors expecting search without warrant or a housing to the King's men who expected taxes even if it meant death; this is how the united states ended up with not only the constitution but the bill of rights. Government spying on civilians within their home trespasses upon the very nature of laws created to protect citizens from the government for it was stated as a guarantee that the government will act against the civilian but we hope that day will never happen upon us. Our founding fathers did not expect the united states constitution to last 50 years and now it's 250 years old

to understand where we are today with information technology with concerns of the internet we must not only look at the first virus that created the first law suit despite it being able to access a computer but also how the internet came to be. the internet was originally a dying service with not much for practicality as a T1 and T2 offered fast private communication between business offices unlike the internet back in its day that offered information, questionable websites, and not many desired to practice online transactions for fear of their private information being leaked. Service dial up providers offered their services metered that used up the phone line and didn't have much to offer for use. It was cable and dsl that offered the non-metered access of the internet and with the transition of online growth with school expectations on utilizing websites online as sources of information and the growth of online gaming the internet became a social gathering for those who afforded computers, internet, and software but what is likely not as known to the public is the exchange of free services was the information we brought to the table for business access hence how the internet became free to use and since then those who have understood and knew from the beginning have tried to make sure that our internet stays unmetered before it becomes exactly like television and the radio hijacked by not only commercials but by somebody else choosing our options of what we could watch or listen to and how often. truly the internet gave us freedom and it wasn't long until industry in business still tried to meter and select what viewers watched and listened to anyways despite the computer giving us full freedom to do the opposite. any time you subscribe to platform services it is to support the infrastructure to keep the services free from ads to support our dating infrastructure but no doubt it will not be long until we find other platforms that offer the same but with the freedom that we had at the beginning. until then it will feel like we're fleeing business under the same similar utilities at about the same cost of the home phone line, and civilians are already competition with phone bills not realizing that there have been non-metered services that offer the same services of a home phone through the internet without the bill as the utility is already paid for but it is best to drop some money in the bucket for the programmer who kept it free to use. 

one of the greatest uses of the internet before online gaming took hold was anonymity in chat rooms to be able to have a general friendly conversation about things we could not openly talk about as long as it was fully legal. those good ole days were very much the wild west of receiving undesirable messages and disturbing images that make some websites and platforms a crib of safety hence why some websites became more popular than others as a safe haven. if it were not for those who helped keep our internet free from abuse and disturbing things then we are right back to where we began in only wanting to use our computer information technology as a database for information, offline gaming, and small inclusion parties that would be much like another violation of the bill of rights in the right to gather and to receive news. now days even our right to actual real news since the laws made to spy on civilian created out of fear seem like a violation of our rights as well.

since the internet and homeland security laws made is enough to request for the founding fathers to be awakened for their stern judgement is still looking down upon us from a mountain with their faces etched into it to remind us that our freedom should never be given away and we know what to do when it does. sadly there is no better gov to replace the constitution thus the only thing we can do is hold it accountable.

never had a problem with exposing myself online, but i do have a problem with having our names posted to everything unless truly a violation to protect our civilians, but the question will be will the united states government be able to protect the civilians from itself and that truly is the topic of the conversation
  9. @mtstomachs: 👍
  10. @caitlyn418: So entertaining, couldn’t stop watching 😅
  11. @caitlyn418: Clear and easy to follow ✅
  12. @khoaixuan5529: 1. The Decline of Online Privacy
The video emphasizes that our personal data is collected and sold by companies and governments without our explicit consent.
This directly impacts various aspects of our lives — such as renting a home, applying for loans, getting a job, or even being fired simply for browsing job listings.

2. The Role of Data Brokers
Data brokers collect massive amounts of information — including location data, search history, and shopping behavior — and sell it to third parties.
Most users are unaware of this process, leading to a serious lack of control over their own data.

3. Privacy Is Not Just Secrecy — It’s About Control
Privacy isn’t just about keeping your information secret — it’s about knowing who has your data and how it’s being used.
The video calls on viewers to think carefully before sharing personal information online.
  13. @kodlk_674: Just switch to firefox and get ublock origin, its easy and it makes you a lot safer online.
  14. @inlinedatabase: People tell me the same thing! It's like no one else in my life cares. It's not about, "having anything to hide" it's about the right to live privately.
  15. @stevenstreets695: Turn it off. If you're too dumb to just...turn it off.... Thats how Darwins evolution works. Them can can, do, and keep doing it. Them that cant...bye
  16. @nohandlegiven: " I have nothing to hide"
Please. Everyone has something to hide😂. There's not one person alive that has no skeletons
  17. @NeverBetOnBlack: I highly recommend a host-based firewall called Portmaster by Safing. You'll be able to see all the connections that your computer makes and you can block what comes in and out. It also has a built in Tor like VPN called SPN to create multiple hops for every application on you computer. It's one of the best privacy tools out there.
  18. @paulmcclaskin362: We need to make it illegal for any entity to scrutinize our lives like it's being done. I'll just bet if we exposed these same entities to the same scrutiny the story would sure change quickly. We'd be jailed or killed or sued. It's time for change to TAKE our lives back and we need to do it collectively by the thousands. So f**kin done with it.
  19. @aidenalamo6262: Advertisers and data brokers should be outlawed online or at least restrict what data they are allowed to buy and trace our habits.
  20. @Gewgawrav: Is it possible to know which data broker was requested in the above video? I want to try.

- GDPR explained: How the new data protection act could change your life: Kind: captions Language: en have you been getting more annoying emails unusual lately mainly asking you if you want to stay on a mailing list you don't even remember joining yeah sound familiar say hello to gdpr is being described as the biggest shake-up of data protection laws in a generation giving ordinary people and precedented control over the information companies hold on us so what is gdpr and what does it mean for you hello everyone and welcome to so wat where we look at the stories that you should know about we've done a few of these now and you should definitely hang around to watch a few more videos when this one's finished we're looking at everything from the Iran nuclear deal to South African land reforms to student riots and Paris so like and subscribe and make sure you're getting the latest videos from us and if you have a story or idea that you think we should do then leave us a comment anyway let's talk data your data in particular all those emails from companies desperate pieces they're on their mailing lists that's not some weird PR strategy it's all because of a massive change in EU data protection rules which kick in soon the general data protection regulation which is way too long so let's just say GDP our instead so what's the reason for these new laws today nearly every part of your life can be digitized tracked and logged every picture every journey every purchase even every heartbeat more and more of your personal information is collected stored and traded by companies and governments the new GDP our regulations cover things that could identify us so your name contact details the location of your computer and personal data like race and sexual orientation from now on organizations will have to prove they have a lawful reason for holding that kind of data and even more importantly show that they're keeping it safe so what's with all the emails companies need to prove your consent if they want to keep your information about your name and email address on their system and that's why everyone's inbox is bursting at the moment but some experts don't think companies really need to send all their users emails at all if you find up for something can gave someone permission in the past it's probably still valid in some cases companies who are contacting might be acting illegally because if a company can't already prove concern they shouldn't be emailing you to confirm your detail we'll get more up-to-date information it's a bit of a mess but the good news is you don't have to worry about it too much because if you don't reply to the emails then that company should delete your information from their system in fairness it's not really surprising that businesses are nervous about GDP are the potential penalties for firms are massive up to four percent of a company's annual turnover so that would mean if the Silicon Valley giant commits a serious breach they could get slapped with a multi-billion pound fine it's a serious piece of legislation but it's supposed to empower the people who give companies their data namely you so what new powers do you get if a company has to ask for permission to store your data then they'll have to be much more upfront about it so no more check boxes with confusing questions designed to make you give away more information than you want or let's say a database of a site you use is hacked and the information is stolen the organization that was storing information on you will have to tell you about the hack within three days and you now have the right to see your own personal data if you think the dodgy company is holding information on you you can demand that they hand over everything they have as well as this right of access as a right to be forgotten in a number of cases you can actually get your data erased but don't get carried away that doesn't mean you can delete yourself entirely from the system hospitals government agencies and even journalists they're exempt from that rule so what says EU law what to do with you the UK government says it will bring the EU regulation into British law - regardless of how the brexit deal pans out but millions of people outside of Europe are going to be affected as well because companies that have operations in European countries all have to sign up to the rules along with organisations based outside of Europe who store data of EU citizens so gdpr is something that could affect the way the whole world thinks about data some campaigners say this is a chance for the biggest companies to rebuild trust with their customers after scandals involving the misuse of data you might remember when we went undercover to expose a company called Cambridge analytical they're accused of using personal data from Facebook users harvested without their consent to try and influence elections its data breaches like this that GDP are is supposed to stop Facebook have already said they're going to apply the EU rules to all of their users around the world Mark Zuckerberg said the social media giant needed to regain users trust after the Cambridge analytical scandal we didn't take a broad enough view of our responsibility and that was a big mistake and it was my mistake and I'm sorry but some critics say gdpr is too vague and contains loopholes that will still let big companies get away with hoarding your data others think the new rules will become a burden to business saying it will cost them money to hire new staff to deal with the rule changes and those cost might mean higher prices for customers in all on the scene nobody really knows what the long-term impact will be but it's a sign of the times governments are finally waking up to how much data companies thought about their citizens and what it should be used for this is just the start of a journey that could change the way you think about your digital information forever

  Top Comments:
  1. @carlhorn7332 [2 likes]: That aged badly
  2. @Robin-y1p: The authorities merely ignore the GDPR and Data Protection law. And the information Commissioner will do nothing, being already corrupted.
  3. @williamlpark1104: You think your data is yours.

But is it really?

If your AI runs in the cloud – Microsoft, Google, AWS – here's what you need to know:

The US CLOUD Act (2018) allows US authorities to demand access to your data, even if it's stored in Europe. Even if it violates GDPR.

In 2025, the General Manager of Microsoft France testified under oath before the French Senate:
"I cannot guarantee that French citizens' data is safe from US authorities."

Google, Amazon and Salesforce said the same.

Storing data in an EU data centre is not enough.
If the provider is a US company – US law follows the data.

---

This is why I built GO-GATE with 100% on-premise as the core principle.

Your AI. Your hardware. Your country. Your laws.

No cloud required for the core.
No foreign jurisdiction over your data.
No backdoors you didn't build yourself.

GO-GATE gives AI agents clear boundaries:
✅ Low risk → Auto-approved
⚠ Medium risk → Verified first
🔴 High risk (sharing data, deleting records) → YOU approve from your phone

Full audit trail. Always.

Built in Norway 🇳🇴 • Apache 2.0 • Open Source
👉 github.com/billyxp74/go-gate

Where does your organisation's AI run?
Do you know who has access to that data?
  4. @Bob-bx9ym: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  5. @keifer7813: One of the best pieces of legislation we have
  6. @pernilsson2394: And still our data can be leaked, hacked and stolen. No data out there, is  better than protected data.
  7. @hannahahlepoetry: LOL this has been showing up on my feed for about a week since the online safety trash was forced on us that obviously complies / aligns with GDPR. NOT!!! Literally all companies should be fined from now on if the online safety trash is not reversed. This government is just an organised crime gang and owes me alot of damages for hacking and infiltrating my life under false pretences over the last 4 years but worst in the last 2 because of sh💩rael demonic forces and unit 8200 perverts. Meta and google has been robbing all my work and my identity to do crime in my name and block my income and steal everything about my life. Everybody in the government who is allowing this is going to prison
  8. @Elliot-pq5ms: You want my data ! Then pay me for it ,,,after all your selling my data,,so I want my cut ..
  9. @JustRupes: 7 years later, spam and scams still rife, annoying cookie policies everywhere that nobody reads, companies still selling all our data.  GDPR did f all, more red tape that people made millions from becoming “experts”, still I suppose it gave them a break from selling double glazing.
  10. @rickyvintageuk398: You should talk about Ricky Vintage and what he’s doing in Birmingham to clean it the city through music.
  11. @akshitagupta2447: You need to hire someone who can speak clearly. Her tongue is getting in the way of some important sentences.
  12. @seamushopkins2591: We Did not give concent ❤
  13. @MarcusHesman: Y'know what else is massive? THE LOOOOWWWWWWWWWW TAAAAAAAAAAPERRRRRRRRRR FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADE
  14. @ChristineDuffy-p3y: This has been very helpful thank you
  15. @ChristineDuffy-p3y: Yes I have this
  16. @lordbeerus7803: Yeah but how much of that fine wil enter my pocket for their violation of my privacy and personal info ?
  17. @CissieAries-o6e: Murphy Wall
  18. @CarolGonzalez-p8w: Alycia Overpass
  19. @IreneStockman-k4n: Breitenberg Hollow
  20. @LeonardSusan-f3q: Aleen Flats

- The real value of your personal data - Docu - 2013: Kind: captions Language: en On the internet it's long been clear that intelligence agencies record everything... ...and do whatever is technologically possible. However, I never imagined it to be so widespread. On the TV news I learned that not far from my house... ...the NSA has a military base. So I wrote a funny article... ...in which I, on behalf of the NSA Protection Association... ...propose an introduction weekend to get to know the spies... ...and maybe become friends. Four days after I posted it online the police paid a visit. They rang the doorbell, and there was a police car parked outside. They wanted to know if it was a demonstration... ...and how many people would show up. I said: It's not a demonstration. It's just a hike with a bunch of friends. Just the idea that I'm being monitored... ...means I have to be careful of what I think in my head... ...and what I say to others. When I tell someone something I soon think: He could betray me. Or: What do other people think? I can step on people's toes... ...or it could become awkward, so then I just won't say things anymore. Then I won't speak out about abuses... ...because I'm afraid of being shut out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lyubomirmirchev1121 [10 likes]: So in conclusion we pay to get monitored and have our data collected by owning a mobile phone and a laptop or any type of technology
  2. @jimbrausky [5 likes]: I'm glad there are some people that care and exposes companies dirty tricks and behaviors. Thanks. Otherwise we would be like puppets without knowing
  3. @u83208 [4 likes]: The data is used to feed the AI algorithms, so that the AI learns and knows everything about us to control and manipulate our reality and perception. our "mind will be in the cloud. 
throw away your smart things (military technology) and your TV
  4. @vprodocumentary [3 likes]: NEWS NEWS NEWS! We have a vpro documentary, Telegram channel! Check it out for new uploads, spread the word and join! 😉  
https://t.me/vpro_documentary
  5. @signal4989 [3 likes]: It's all about money..
  6. @namesashhousewares8337 [2 likes]: 44:56 ... and then cambridge analytics happened
  7. @richard8241 [1 likes]: Welcome to the prison.  It's not new. Just refreshed and served, as new.
  8. @JusLivinAXA [1 likes]: when kkkops have been killing people of African descent for 200 years, how can an African American not display some of the body language signs that says somethings up? Many say, if you're doing nothing wrong , you've got nothing to worry about, 90% of cop murders are of our people who did nothing wrong, whose hands were raised in compliance, kkkops still executed them. there is only one solution, separation .
  9. @doublenegation7870 [1 likes]: The capitalist logic of profit by any means necessary is a social disease.
  10. @arnellabonatto: excelente
  11. @MeBituman: These people are scammers.  If personal data was worth 100's or thousands of dollars it would be a mority of the economic activity of the world.  I call bullshit.
  12. @richardburt9812: Old guy with beard is a typical technocrat. timestamp 35:26 "We can design a better world."   Right.
  13. @rustyhands8179: enjoy your enslavement.....
  14. @kennedysan1045: The Santa Cruz police stats seem like a self fulfilling prophecy. 

The presence of police in an area where crime has not been predicated, would help to lower criminal activity. On the flip side, the non presence of police in the areas highlighted by the model would not have a preventative effect.

It would also be interesting to see the crime levels in areas where the police were not operating, because they were in neighbour hoods dictated by the model.
  15. @rmcd823: This video loses its purpose when we see that we were interrupted by an add. The same are the trilliardares in this world. They get all resourceful to sell more or to manipulate you to buy what they want.

People only care for love: their mate and their kids: they commit idolatry 100 percent of the time because very few people care that the system could oblige them not to open to the spiritual dimension anymore when we are obliged to connect AI through your body. Or invaded by nanos through vaccines. Or not accessing the Spirit with the 5D.

But anyway, people are busy feeding their babies and programming your time focusing it.

The main problem is the lost souls they can create is they are evil creatures - like they show they are, doing what they do.
  16. @marcb6290: God dam!   Shitty shit Cruz and San Fran is so look much cleaner and beautiful the cat meth cocked rut Maui HAWAII.   NO METH.
  17. @aptcmpasion: at 40:45 cop goes into how cops are ALLOWED BY THE SYSTEM to be mind-readers (!);  wake the F up, citizens!
  18. @jen_nice2059: He contradicted himself. He said it was wasn’t about a person and then proceeded to say they look at body language, gestures, “people looking suspicious “ 🤦🏾‍♀️
  19. @MesQueUnGirl: one guy says humans are random, other guy says we're very regular. ok
  20. @raven113p6: Google is: Data in Profiling=money.