- Fake “Alpha Male” Tries & FAILS To Intimidate Man: Kind: captions Language: en How do you define success? My definition of success is across the board. If you're not ripped, if you're not rich, if you ain't rare, if you don't stand out, if you ain't across the board successful, it doesn't mean [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me. If you got straight dits and you're in your Rolls-Royce, you look like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clown to me. I'm just laughing at your dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass. Okay, but this is the wholeing point. You have a weakness. Change it, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you going to lead people if you don't realize your weakness is their way out? They're not going to listen to you. You're sitting there possessing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they don't want to have. So, I mean, this is what people say. Oh, it's not about the money. IT'S ABOUT FAMILY, WES. It's about this. It's about that. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When you're making money, it's about the money. When it's family, it's about family. When you're at the gym, it's about muscle. Whatever you're doing, it's about that. There's no black and white life. It's the gray area. You have to be good at everything. That's the goal to really excel in every area. That's the worst thing about these mother. They try to give you relationship advice. You got a borderline Miami two. That's like aing Mississippi six. Don't give me relationship advice to my 10 when you got a two. Mother, shut up. But this this whole thing people don't think I'm going to put the measuring stick to their mothering face. They better just watch what they say around a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's beating them in every area. You better have a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You better be ripped. You better [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be rolling some sick [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what I like. I I grew up hustling. That's be rims on my goddamn phantom. Go out front. That ain't nor That ain't normal phantom. That's a mansery phantom. I don't have the normal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. Chicks got upgrades. Done. Well said, WES. GODAMN WITH THE FIRE. Godamn with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This guy sounds like an absolute donor. He's saying if you don't have a six-pack and a fast car, then you're a loser and less successful than him. It just makes no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. I mean, it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There's plenty of men out there that don't have those things and are more high value and successful than this muppet. And I will say to some extent, there's some things I agree with. I've said before that I think men should try and be physically and mentally strong and to also have enough money to be financially stable. But I don't think success is all about money and materialism because without a family and real people around you, what's the point? My definition of success is having a family, having children, and being part of the apparatus of the world. And true wealth is a rejection of materialism. As Christ said himself, "What good does it benefit a man to gain the entire world at the cost of his soul?" It's okay to have materialism. It's not against Christian ethics to become rich, become wealthy. But I just think it's all beside the point ultimately. You're trying to go for a single thing and it's to achieve something greater. You have money. Does he have money? No. Do you have money? No. No, I don't have I don't have I don't have money. But But here's the thing. Why is Why is money valuable? I'm just Do you have money? Why? What is money valuable for? I'm just asking. Do you have money? I just thought No, I'm broke. I'm a nobody. But really, you are? Yeah. Is he really broke? I just want to know. I have to know. No, I'm not I'm not one of these rich guys. I don't have a Bugatti. I don't have a Lambo. I don't I just really have to know. Like, how much money you got? Probably f the five bucks in my pocket. Not much more. Does anyone Can anyone answer for THE GUY? WHY DO they think I'm kidding? I have a family. I take care of an entire family. That's that takes a lot of money. All right. He's doing all right. Okay. Now, me personally, I do think money is valuable cuz I didn't grow up with a lot of it. And I've understood that it gives you freedom and it allows you to take care of people that you love, which is a great thing. However, I don't think money makes the man. And I think if you think you're better than another man because you've got more money than him, you're proof that money doesn't make you high value or smart. I also think you're probably going to be a lonely old man one day if you put materialistic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and money before your family. I'd rather be surrounded by my family than expensive objects. This is the thing, you guys. If you ain't fit, you can't say it's not all about being have being in good shape. Why not? If you don't have money, you can't say it's not all about money. If he does have money, he can say that. Why not? Why can't you say why must you have the thing before? Hang on, hang on, let me ask the question. Cuz hypothetical hypothetical is hypocritical. How do you even know what I was going to say before I've even been allowed to ask what you're going to say? Then what was I going to say? You're going to say how why can't you ask the question? Okay. So, that's not what I was going to say. What I was going to say is how in the world can you create a standard that it's inappropriate to ask somebody how come if I don't have X thing because I don't value X thing. Does that mean X thing is actually valuable? You've never experienced it. So, you can't speak about it. You think that I haven't experienced wealth? Even asking if you did. Even poor people experience days of wealth. I was asking if you did. I don't know who you are. Even Yeah. But even poor people experience days of wealth. And so, the thing is is No, definitely not. Definitely not. Definitely so. I've lived the lowest lows and the highest highs. Well, what's so what's the distinction? After you make x amount hundreds of thousands of dollars, if you look at the studies done on this, that it does not. It does not hugely improve a person's life. Are you proud of who the you are? Why? Why? Why? Are you proud? If you look in the mirror, would you guys say this motherfucker's proud of who the he is? That's a bag OF TRASH, DUDE. PULL YOUR SHIRT. Tell me you're proud. Because I've been toing prison. JESUS CHRIST. BECAUSE I'VE BEEN TO PRISON. YOU GOT 10 IN ARMS AND TITS. MEN DON'T HAVE TITS. NO, THEY GO TO PRISON. GET YOUR ASS BEAT. THAT'S BETTER. YOU THINK THAT that's better? Let's let him give his his definition of success. And having tits and 10-in arms is what a man is. Let's let him. Please don't listen to that. See, look, when you meet someone that challenges his points and doesn't back down to him, he starts getting angry and throwing insults. And that's a sign of a weak man with no emotional control. And you've automatically lost a debate when you start to do this and make it personal. Anyway, back to where I was at. Boobs. Yeah. Okay. Prison. But anyway, if you want, yeah, if you want to follow the successful mantra of a man who tells you he was reformed from prison, understand why they might have gone there to begin with. And yes, I do think so. Apparently, this guy used to be in prison and now he's come out and he's made it his whole personality. And I don't know about this guy, but I know other guys that have made mistakes when they're young and they've come out and they've done really well. Not all criminals are bad people and not all bad people are criminals. So, I will back the donut up on that one. However, I will say the delivery by Andrew Wilson was still funny and the bull guy's response was still dumb. You can't properly take care of your family when you're in a jail cell. I do think that a rejection of materialism is something missing in society. And I do think that true wealth is the family. Being able to go home and look your family in the face and know that you're doing everything you can to support them. Then when you go to the beach with your family, they're like, "THERE'S MY STUD DAD RIGHT THERE STANDING THERE. MY DAD'S a superhero. Look what he brought to the table. Look how hard this guy works. He came from nothing to this. He works very He works. HE'S GOD DAMN IT. YOU'RE still whining. STOP WHINING. I DUDE, I WANT to smack your fat ass." So you're gonna attack all Do you usually attack armed men in Florida? You dude. All right, look at your goddamn self. I've never seen such a pathetic mother. Okay, chill out a little bit, man. A little bit. This is not what men look like. What do they look like at this point? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What do they look like? Bald prisoners. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is that what they look like? This is the problem in society is people like this think they could talk to someone like me like that. They really think they can. He He knows he wouldn't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. And that's the problem. I mean, you're the one who got hostile for having a difference of opinion. Dude, check it out. You started coming at me about some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that Jesus Christ, men don't have. We can agree on that. Physically, men usually have hair. We can agree on that, TOO. HE HAS CROSSED OVER gender barriers. He's just way too quick and smart for him, which is now making the audience laugh at the Muppet. So, he's only going to get angrier. He said before something like, "People need to understand who they're speaking to." He needs to understand which state he's in and understand that people are strapped up and his muscles will not protect him from a bullet. If you're not contributing to a moral society, and you're only contributing to a consumerrist society, a materialistic society, that's the only thing you're going to worship. And tons of people worship material things and flash it around, but it's vacant. It's spiritually vacant. The craziest thing is if you looked at the people who are supposedly materialistic, we've helped more people than these guys who claim Why is helping What is Why is helping Wait, why is helping important to you? I mean, because I know what it's like to be at the bottom. So, okay. So, are you helping someone if you give them an expensive watch? Why do you think we just do that? You must not know who you're talking. I asked you a question. You didn't answer it. I give them the habits to build themselves. What did I ask you though? Said, "Am I helping them if I give them an expensive watch?" I give them habits, a mindset operate. So, if you give them But you guys are assuming WE'RE ONLY DOING STUFF ABOUT MATERIALISM. Can a man answer a direct question? Jesus Christ. These [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these Karens. The answer is no. See, look. Once again, he's put on the spot. He can't answer a question, so he starts to insult him. Look at these Karens. Go ahead, buddy. How the did these guys even get up here? Why would you bring me here with people like this? You didn't answer the question, dude. Dude, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We got different of opinion here. Okay, go ahead, Miguel. This is why they split it like this. THIS I'M SORRY YOU GOT I'M SORRY YOU GOT PUT OVER THERE. YOU DON'T REALLY FIT OVER THERE. WE need some other littleing lame douche over there. Oh man, man. I still answer the question. Is giving someone an expensive watch. BUT ANY OF YOU GUYS REALLY hang out with these guys. This is not an argument. I'M LIKE JESUS CHRIST. They're skilled. They're some things. Whoever said that. Hang on. That base guy right there just said hell yes. Shut. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hilarious. You're awesome. Go ahead, man. The whole crowd says yeah, we'd hang out with them. Different guys on the panel. This is why most people don't invite me guys. Different guys like have different We could tell his are all jiggling. He's got like a half aing jelly donut. Hey, bro. You're too pay. It's still back there in the back. Go get it. I shaved my head. You like You sure they Are you sure you shave your head or Okay. Okay. Okay. We got Go ahead, Miguel. Bro, George Michael wants his pants back. God damn. LOOK AT WHOSE SHIRT IS THAT, DUDE? THAT YOUR YOURING MOM BOUGHT YOU THAT? YOUR AUNT BOUGHT YOU THAT for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Thanksgiving dinner. THAT'S LIKE ASHKOSH BAGOSH OR SOME [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BRO. Welcome to Jesus. Welcome to the ro session today, dude. Any of you guys who Holy, if those are men to you guys. I mean, who's going to invite him anywhere? Who wants to be around a raging insecure little donor? And I think he thought the crowd were laughing with him, but they're laughing at him. He also thought he was going to bully these guys and make them look like idiots in front of everyone, but it's being the other way around. You can just tell this other guy, Andrew Wilson, is not scared of him at all. He just thinks he's a fool and he's mocking him. It's the thing about materialism. You're Yeah, you worship it, dude. You worship must have grown up with money, bro. You worship material chase money. Worship materialism. Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, dude. You I can tell I can tell by your speaking. How the do you think you listen how reactive you are if someone SAYS SHAVE YOUR GODDAMN ARMS? Say you can't deal with it. You can't deal with it. Why would I shave my arms? I'm a man. What are these pale [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is wrong WITH YOU? OKAY, SHAVE YOUR BODY. AREN'T YOU A MAN? LOOK AT THIS GUY, DUDE. OKAY, let's let Miguel finish this real quick. LET'S POST THESE GUYS SUGAR PUBES. HEY, POST THESE GUYS WOMEN BACK HERE. I WANT TO SEE THESE GUYS WOMEN. LET'S PUT THESE trolls back. Women are not objects in our world, guys. Guys, guys, relax. I've never heard more lies in my life. This is one thing I don't like. West people who lie. You're crying. Let's just move on. No, no, no, no, no. We're going to move on. We're going to move on. You can cry if you want. We're going to move on. We're going to move on. We're going to move on. You could if you want. It's all you got is threats and we're going to move on, guys. We're going to move on. speaker. We're going to move on, guys. We're going to move on. At least I can answer a direct question, guys. Guys, guys. Oh my god. How did you bring me here? I thought this was like some real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] West, we got to chill, man. We got to chill. I'll dip. All right. What's success, right? Freeing the slaves. That's what it is. He tried to make a fool out of them the whole time and ended up looking like a fool himself. It's like he's trying to give this impression that he's a strong, high value, successful man, but no high value man acts like that or has that little emotional control. Whenever his points were challenged, he crumbled and insulted them, which makes you look like more of a donor. It's like this Socrates quote, "When debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TumiT-Time [1 likes]: I dont know how they allowed that guy there? He is definitely unreformed.
  2. @dude_who_takes_photos: umm this is the same guy who broke down when a girl said his wife had three baby daddies he is not as admirable as he looks they both are basically the same
  3. @BrianGoRound: Wes Watson is back in jail and he will be there for years this time. 
He's pending trial for  beating his girlfriend and stealing her phone so she couldn't call for help. 
I've never heard of Watson helping another person or making the world a better place in any way at all.
  4. @pius222: Andrew Wilson made a point, why must you have shit to talk about shit? Zionists always argue that if you never been to Israel, you don’t have an argument.
  5. @PX125E: An empty drum sounds the loudest
  6. @Roly-305: I think alpha likes the work mf, idk why
  7. @Jasonjeffersonallday: Drying box with verbal diarrhea ALL DAY!
  8. @robertgemes9296: 10 seconds in when the bald clown started to rant about being great in every single area I was already laughing my ass off :D :D :D
  9. @NKRS1980: Brudah, first of all, when you wake up in the morning, at least put your head on correctly; you have it upside down. The hair should be on top, you can't even put on your head properly 😂
So let's examine your "logic": women can be ripped; that doesn't mean that they turned into a man because they have muscles. Women can be rich and muscular; that doesn't make them a man. There are women out there who have far more achievements in their lives than you, and they have muscles and money, and still, that didn't make them a man 😂
Muscles don't make you a man; your brain does, also you talk too much, only women talk that much 😂
  10. @wesleyogilvie8105: He bases his values on his possessions. What happens if all that was gone tomorrow?
  11. @BriceDudley: Prison puppy
  12. @m3atyneaty: wa wa wa go cry bro 🤣🤣
  13. @adamanhavengarde: in the field of debate, being able to argue your points is the point of success.
  14. @progames70: real success is finding fulfillment & happiness in your day-to-day life and being able to do the things you want to do.
  15. @rhcp4life697: That “George Michael wants his pants back” had me weak 😂😂😂 you could tell it got under Wes skin too 💀💀
  16. @kmjiiro: "lemme say fuck several times to sound manly"
  17. @ZedSherlock: HAHAH. Now this idiot wes is sitting in jail for beating up a girl 🤡🤡 WE DON'T WANT YOUR PRISON CELL AND FAKE LIFESTYLE AND NO REAL FRIENDS 💀💀💀
  18. @BaconForged: The babbling brook is shallow; the deep river flows quietly.
  19. @Email.comGiovannibramblia2: He makes money 💵 let him spend it 💰
  20. @motoman7445: Where is the loser Wes now?

- Our Mom's A Big Star On OnlyFans | MY EXTRAORDINARY FAMILY: Kind: captions Language: en i'm a wife a mother free and i am now currently working as an only dance model making over 200 cameras i left nursing i'm not necessarily by choice i kind of was kicked out when they discovered that i had a sidekick just the other night at the bar uh someone asked to take a picture with her our voice reacted just kind of how we expected it i was mainly shocked yeah we sensed something what's happening obviously but we no clue this was happening yeah i never would have guessed that something so like a typical morning for us is you get up we you know i usually make a breakfast is kind of my meal to cook when i was a nurse we really didn't have family breakfast time because i worked night shifts so i was like getting home uh usually exhausted after 16 hours at you know 8 a.m and it's like our favorite meal so it's been really awesome you know we'll be home and do those things with them so today after breakfast i'm going to you know make sure to touch up my hair and makeup and start choosing outfits and you know thinking about what kind of content i'm going to create a lot of times i like to log back into my only fans and kind of look at what fans have been requesting things that they have maybe have wanted to see and that gives me a lot of inspiration for what i'm gonna shoot for the day working in icu nurse was truly my passion i believe truly i was born to be a nurse actually was a nicu nurse so i worked with neonates and i loved working families when the pandemic hit i think social media in general just kind of flourished i had a small fan base already from my instagram so it was during the pandemic that we kind of started exploring and posting and it just took off got this guy write music and you're a tic talker we're just a content house we're all a little creative in our own way i left nursing i'm not necessarily by choice i kind of was kicked out and booted out when they discovered that i had a side gig working as an only fancy model it didn't sit well with management and they had a big problem with it and i was ultimately given the ultimatum discontinued what i was doing on the side or i was not going to be able to work on the mean anymore so now i'm just getting ready get just touching out my hair and makeup and gonna start planning out what content i'm gonna do and take some photos um i like to kind of go back and look and see what like fans have requested over the last week and different type of photos the only other thing is i have to think about like the kids situation if i'm just taking shots in my room and not really videos or anything they i just shut my door and i can easily get content it's nice with my older two like kind of knowing a little bit about what i do because it's very easy for me to say hey take your brother for a walk you know a lot of times i do ask them to leave for sure yeah first time i've heard of oldie fans was probably around like friends and around the school and stuff kids talking about it yeah just the other night at the bar uh someone asked to take a picture with her every now and then she has a few people come up to her usually late at night when they're out she took us out for lunch and sat us all down she's pretty straightforward with us we were shocked at first but we obviously knew something was going on because we were financially getting better and stuff so does that ever lead to awkward scenarios for you all uh no i just really believe they want a picture they want to picture yeah so i guess we kind of just go with it yeah it's really quite a transition to go from being a mom making breakfast to this i think in the beginning i used to do this at night and maybe have like a glass of wine before but now i'm so comfortable with it but there's definitely a mental shift that happens from mom to full-on allergy today i really want to shoot in in my bedroom i i do have a room sometimes that i do this in but i love the lighting in here i had no background in photography or anything these are all things i just kind of self-taught myself on youtube yeah every now and then i'll take some pictures she's pretty much she does it all i just kind of played around with what looks best for me and that's how i kind of taught myself [Music] so currently on only fans um we make anywhere from 150 to 350 000 a month it really just depends how much content we put out i don't have anything really more you can really run your whole business off this iphone are you hypercritical of yourself in these photos 100 yes i definitely i mean i'll take probably 300 photos before i choose maybe two of them i'm judged for being a mom and an only fans model almost all the time the reality is i absolutely hate that because i don't think being a mom could stop you from doing and feeling sexy and doing what you want to do i'm a wonderful mom i stand by that i didn't really have a negative opinion or anything i mean we just went into it as we'll give it a shot and see how it goes i don't think i'll ever return to nursing it's something that i miss and i definitely could see myself doing some kind of volunteer but as far as returning back to nursing full-time i don't think it'd be in my financial interest and i really enjoy the freedoms i have with my family now i prefer the only fans just because our lifestyle has changed get to be around the kids a lot more and i think that's basically the overall goal we support her 100 i don't have any like deadline of when i would stop doing only fans i certainly right now it's what i do and i i think i have many years left of doing that there are people well into their 60s doing only fans so i think it's something you can do a long time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnantaFN [1 likes]: Now i understand why the need of religion in this world. world will fall without religion
  2. @murayamasan...3472 [1 likes]: Women like this dont deserve a family cux zhe doesnt give twò fcks about her husband and kids, they are only there for the money and as she grows old and ts doesnt last forever, she gon regret it
  3. @sanjuroz4714 [1 likes]: Disgusting..
  4. @arjunavsaikia6239: In west , people do whatever they want, but but but, everything you do you will have consequences, and the consequence is that , your family will loose its warmth because of some money , you forgot self-respect which truly breaks soul. Thats why I love my motherland INDIA , where we know what is self-respect, we have culture.  We earn our money through hardwork , determination and power of oneself (Lord Krishna). And the west says that we are poor, you people are poor , because you have no value (absolute 0) of trust, self-respect,loyallity etc(the things that aren't measurable but thats what makes us Human).
  5. @gaursa290: You are best women
  6. @KydraExhale: Imagine seeing ur mom get cracked by someone ur age 😂
  7. @MariusAmbarus-bt4mw: Western mentality .
  8. @FreddyMac732: This is pathetic lol
  9. @jjsurf-net_1968: It feels weird, I don't think having a family like that with Only Fans!...
  10. @janicenascimento9625: Honestly in this economy..first jobs won’t cover the cost of rising prices so we gotta do what builds up more income even if it’s onlyfans.😢😢
  11. @animespace1135: Welcome to the 21 first century where People sold their souls for Money
  12. @ParallaxVisuals: jesus man this is so sad to watch….this is actually insane that it’s made to look like a legit thing to do….
what’s next ? where do you go from here?
  13. @The-commenter-10: If my mom was doing that, I would be really disappointed !!!
  14. @BillyRuffian10005: “I was born to be a nurse” followed by “I won’t go back because it’s not in my financial interest” is a revealing sentence pairing. That’s not liberation. That’s vocation losing to money and attention.
This is a whole lot of cope and we haven't seen it play all the way out yet.
Also, no way she makes $250k a month. $25k maybe.
  15. @KT34462: US society values s*x workers above all, that’s for sure.
  16. @producerdirectorkarlweidma5532: You don’t have to exploit yourself. Jesus loves you and has a purpose for your life. We are all created in the image of God and this isn’t it.
  17. @لامانوس: how far can someone go for money. really depressing
  18. @adike5: Family business
  19. @jcfel5136: Husband married up and being supported, not much he can say.
  20. @t.b.player7102: Sad.

- He’s More Disgusting Than Boogie2988 | Financial Audit: Kind: captions Language: en What kind of man are you? You're a I don't think I'm a I'll work two jobs in one day. She has threeing jobs and I work part time at Target, too. She has four jobs. [screaming] I don't want to work at McDonald's. I don't give a What a answer. How close are you at calling quits? Download my budgeting app today and take control of your money once and for all. And for a limited time only, sign up for the annual version of Premium and get my cookbook and notebook signed and mailed directly to you. Link in the description and pin comment below. Hi, I'm Ava. I'm 25 years old. Hi, I'm Wesley. I'm 24 years old and we live in Fort Worth, Texas. And you're watching Financial Audit. Yes, you are. And thanks for coming down here, guys. I really appreciate it. Thanks for having us. You're welcome. Ava, you're in front of me. So, let's start with you. What do you do for a living up there? Um, I work with kids. kids. I'm a monastery teacher and I do like princess birthday parties. Okay, listen. [laughter] Here's the thing. I get little notes here and there. I go into this blind. I get little notes. They they're like, "Okay, here's a couple little things that, you know, might be interesting to learn about them." You know, I don't have the information, but you know, I go in blind with the audience. One bullet is just at the top and I just looked over as you were just saying what your name was and it says Ava applied for the show midargument. Yeah, I did do that. I did apply mid-arument. It was like right after I had found out about like the extent of everything. So, found out about the extent. What does that mean? I had found out that I was looking through his card and I had seen some like I saw some transactions that I didn't know what they were. So, I asked him. I was like, "Hey, what is this?" And then he was like, "Oh, it's a credit card that I don't use anymore. Like, I don't know what that is." But you were seeing transactions. Yes, I was seeing transactions. So, then I was like, "Okay, well, you need to look into that." And then um I like saw the number of the credit card debt and I was like, "Okay, that's Wait, you didn't Are you guys married?" Yeah, we're married. Wait, you didn't know about this debt? No, no, no, no. There was no debt before we got married. There was no debt before we got married. Hold on. How long have you guys been married? Uh it'll be 2 years in October. What the did you find? I mean, it was nothing like um just like debt like more than I don't have debt. So, so, so the debt we're talking about today, you acrewed. Yeah, it's on me. So, like any amount of debt like 500, 20,000, any of it, all of it stresses me out. So, yeah. So, any of the number that I saw was stressed. Why weren't you? So, I didn't think to like be looking at his accounts cuz we don't have a joint account. We have separate accounts. No, because we don't have any like bills that are together because we still live at home. So, like we live at my [clears throat] No, we live at my dad's house together and you're taking out debt then for cuz if we have low overhead I'm Okay. Well, I guess we'll get into that in a second. Okay. That's interesting. So, when did this argument take place? Then then you applied for the show. I had known like a little bit of the extent of it in March and I took all his credit cards in March. Um and then a couple months ago. Yeah. Yeah. So then um in April is whenever I had like applied, you know, and we were like I had found out that there was like a little bit of extra charges from cards that I [clears throat] take from him. So So if she doesn't take a card from you charges Okay. So then you found the charges. Yeah. So then we were fighting about it and then like my best friend has been telling me like since I had been telling her about that that she was like you need to go on financial audit. Like we both watch it like just apply. just apply. So then I like was applying midar argument. What was the argument? Tell me what was going on. Well, it was about like the cards that I hadn't collected that walk me through the argument. I saw a charge on his account cuz like every once in a while it would be like oh let me check your bank account like I want to go to the movies or like we want to do this like let's see if like we both have the money for it. And then I was going through his bank account there was a charge from a card that I did not have of his and I was like what is that? He was like, "Oh, that's an old card that isn't like it doesn't work anymore." And then he was like, "Actually, I have cards in my car." Um, in my car? In my car? So, he was hiding cards in his car because they didn't fit in my wallet. I [laughter] just left them in my car and didn't tell her about them. That's dangerous, though, cuz someone breaks in. But not only that, like obviously we're having conversations the month prior about, hey, what the is up with all these cards? Okay, let me hide the cards from you because you're incapable of not using a card if she doesn't hide them. It sounds like uh but you didn't think to bring up the other cards that were conveniently separate from everything and went with us everywhere we went. No, it was just more I didn't want to hurt her feelings. I thought I could get it hurt her feelings. I thought I could get it figured out before she So continuing to hide the disaster that she tried to mitigate was preventing hurting her feelings. Yeah, in my head it was. Yeah, go ahead. Walk me through that one. Well, she's pretty emotional. No, that is not you protecting her emotions. That is you preventing getting into a conversation where she would get emotional and you don't like that. Yeah, that is protecting you. It has nothing to do with her. That's a selfish choice if I look at it that way. Yeah. Like the real way. Yeah. Yeah. That's a selfish choice. Wouldn't you say? Yeah. I usually would say like, "Well, if you would have just told me about it, then we wouldn't be here right now." But really, um, they didn't fit in his wallet. So, like, I had bought him like, that's not the point. That's not the point. It's the fact that they were conveniently in a place that you never went with him everywhere he went after you took the other credit cards from him the month previous. Obviously, whether or not this was like a choice where we he sat down and maniacally [laughter] planned this, come on. It was subconsciously there. The next time he used the card, he should have been like, "Oh, man. I need to and then the next few times." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What did you feel when you discovered all this debt? I was like, "Holy, we're talking 23,000 you racked up." Yeah. Did you even know that number? No. I mean, I did. So, after I had like sent everything in, I like went in like on my iPad and they made like a spreadsheet and like highlighted everything and was like, "You're not doing this, this, this, and that anymore." But like that was my exact reaction whenever I saw it. What would have happened if you did not find this out? I don't know. What do you think would have happened if she did not find this out? I probably would have racked up more. Why? I like spending money that I don't have. Sure, but you have a wife. You have a wife at home who you can't even get an own place for. And you desire and think your own spending is more important than taking care of her? No, I don't think it's more important. Yet, that is what your actions suggest. Uh, just a young dumb kid. I never If you're 24, shut the up. You're not 14. Your cognitive ability to make rational decisions basically peaks at 14. Yes, everyone gets the old brain, frontal lobe, 26, whatever. 98% of it's good by 14. You don't all of a sudden become magically less when you become 26. It's not like a switch flicks. Okay. So dumb kid. You're 24. Come on. People are two years out of college at that point. Two years into your career, kid. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't Don't come in here with kid. 24. What are we doing? 24. Come on. Is that how we view ourselves? No. I feel like whenever I turned 25, I felt like I'm I was like, "Oh my gosh, I'm halfway to 50." And I feel like he feels like I'm only 24. Like I was 18 yesterday. Yeah. When I [clears throat] was 18, I was so excited to get out of the house and just go start my life. 24 living at home and I don't care living at home. I mean, obviously it's American culture. We get out of the house quicker, you know, whatever, but people stay at home longer in other places, but so that's not the part I'm judging, but it's like, okay, we are married living at home. That's a little less. I want to finish school. Is that what you're in or is that what you're doing? I just got accepted into nursing school like last week. Okay. So, do you have any credits you're able to bring in? Is it like a 2-year program? Last year, I took off of work and I was um in school all of last year working on my prerexs and everything and then I applied to nursing school and I just got in like last week. So, I'm set to start in August and that'll be like 2 years. So, after How does that impact your income? Well, I won't be working. You won't be working at all. I won't have time to work cuz it's going to be like 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. So, I've been like saving as much as I can so that I will one be able to afford for school and then two like have enough money to be able to like pay for car insurance and stuff while I'm in school. Okay. But that's why we used to live at home is cuz like I want to finish that. But how long have you guys lived at home? Well, I've never moved out of I've never moved out from living at home. And how long have you been wanting to go to nursing school? I don't know. [snorts] recent. As of recent, like of recent. So, we were already at home. Like, I know we were already at home for sure. Like, that's not why we're home. That might be why we're going at home. Yeah, that's Yeah. Well, no, no, no, no. You've been there for 2 years and you've recently decided to go to nursing school. So, no, that is not why we're in the home. That is why we're going to stay in the home. That is not why we ended up in the home in the first place. Yes. $24,000 of debt. She wants to go get a degree. Where do you see yourself supporting that, if any? So, it seems like you're just living your own life, my guy. That's why I really applied because I was like, "Okay, I'm starting. I'm like I had applied to this school. Like, I really want to go. It's like $10,000. Like, if if I get in 10,000 per what?" Like, total I believe like 10,000 total. And it's just going to be an associate um of applied science, but I'll have my RN. So, it'll be somewhere to start. And then like how am I going to be able to not work for 2 years if he's racking up debt? Yeah, that's a good question. Do you have an answer for that question? Because that's basically the question to you. I'm going to get it paid down. That's my mindset. Go on. Um, please elaborate on this grand strategy you have where you went from 0 to 24,000, but that 24,000 is all of a sudden going to go to zero without changing our behavior because you haven't changed your behavior. I'm actively [clears throat] looking for a second job. It's not going to be an income situation. Okay. Okay. How much do you make right Uh about $500 $700 a week. $5 to $700 a week. Okay. Listen, but you have no overhead. So again, this isn't going to be, huh? That's not average. It varies a lot, but on average, what's average? $5 to $700. Okay. Yeah. But some weeks it could be like 1,200 or 1,400. Look at what's average 600. Yeah, 600 is average, I would say. But Okay. But even still, it's not an income thing. I 24,400 a month. Not great, of course, but it sounds like you have higher ones. Uh $28,000 a year. Not great, but again, no overhead. Mhm. Is it I don't think this is an income problem. What do you It certainly might become one when we lose our second half cuz what are you making? Um I make like about like 35,000 a year. Okay. So, you probably have 2,400 head in your account as well on a monthly basis. Okay. So, the household income is 48. So, you know, that within itself isn't the worst. We're pretty close to like median household income in the United States if not there. But no, again, no overhead where everyone else has That wouldn't be the problem. that's it's 48 with us combined. he made a lot more than that last year. Well, then give me the real average. Last year I'm I'm independent contractor. Is this your worst? Yes, this is the worst it's been since I started. Why? What's Okay, what are you doing? I locate underground fiber optic lines. Okay. And is that becoming less common? Because we last year he made like $60,000 net. Uh after tax or before taxes before taxes. So he had to pay like $10,000 in taxes. So $50,000. Sure. Have we installed so many that there are not as many to install? And No, it's just the city that I work for, they're moving a different direction than the company that I work for. So I'm contracting. So what are we doing then? Exactly. Trying to find another job. Oh, okay. So, you're trying to find a different job, not a second job. Yeah, a second job for the meantime. But, but again, this isn't an income thing. If you made $60,000 last year, $50,000. I don't know how that happened in that one period of time when he was making double what I was making. That's where I'm so flabbergasted. She's flabbergasted guy. [laughter] Flabbergasted. I mean, I didn't have any words. Like, I don't have anything to say cuz I couldn't even That's crazy to me. I mean, I see what came in last month is basically that 4,800. Uh, what was spent? Yeah, I know you guys don't know each other's accounts cuz we're completely separate. What do you think was spent in the household? Probably all of mine. So, I probably spent all What do you think was spent in the household? 4,700. For both of us combined is what you're asking. Maybe 4,800 came in. 3,600. I would be going Well, because he would spend more. Okay. No, it was 6,000. So, 4,800 came in. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, that's a lot. Oh, this month. This was the month we went on my birthday trip. Oh my I'm going to murder this entire world. What is happening? What the is happening? What is this birthday month? Is is is is the Oh, I'm like in between generations that all of a sudden something happened a couple years before me [laughter] where everyone just became like and what the is this birthday thing? What is this birthday month that people are doing? What is a birthday trip? A birthday trip. YOU WANT TO GO TO NURSING SCHOOL? GO TO NURSING SCHOOL. BIRTHDAY TRIP. You well, this was like I wanted to have like one vacation before I was going to be in nursing school. What you want? You chose to go to school. Don't go to school then. If like all of a sudden you need to MAKE A BIG SPLASH BECAUSE OH, WE'RE GOING TO SCHOOL. I need a big trip. Then don't go to school. You made the choice to go to school. Soing buckle down and finish it and pay for it. What was the trip? Well, we went to Arkansas. It wasn't anything crazy. We're going to Walmart. No. Well, like I just We went to the Hot Springs. Yeah, we went to Hot Springs and we didn't spend like a whole lot of money. We just like went outdoorsy. We went to like the crater of diamonds and like But guess what? You spent $1,200 more than came in. So yeah, you spent a lot of money. It doesn't matter. You spent if you make $400 and you spend $600, you spend a lot of money. If you make $200,000 and you spent $300,000, you spent a lot of money. It is all ratio. You spent a lot of money. Yes. Correct. Yes. But it's to make memories. Lifelong memories. Lifelong memories. Buddy, I don't think you can remember three sentences ago from this conversation I've had so far. What are we talking about? This is stupid. You need to go through school. This is what you decided. You don't get to because you made a choice of what you want to do in your career. We do not get to enable ourselves to make bad decisions because of that choice you made. Right? And that's your entire thing is you're allowing yourself to go spend $1,200 more than you bring in because you're going to go to school, but you're choosing to go to school. So, who cares? Just don't go to school then. Well, I like to make memories. So, it's important to make memories. I agree. But you guys are making choices in life. Do you not agree with your choice to go to school then? I do agree with it. Then what are you doing? You got to choose. Which one are you choosing? Cuz you're not paying for school and doing this. I'm paying for school. He's not paying for school. I'm You guys are married. I know, but our finances are separate right now. But why are we maintaining that when clearly it has not worked? I thought a couple months ago we learned our lesson. I [clears throat] don't know. I just Okay. I don't feel like even though it's because we don't have any overhead, like you said, so I don't feel like it's his responsibility to pay for the things that I want. You guys are married. You're together. You're doing this together. Sah is responsibility, my responsibility. It's money. It's together. You guys are together. That's like the goal. Like I want to have a joint bank account and then like separate bank accounts on the side, but we just haven't done that yet. I mean, in your conversation with Lindsay, you said you specifically said that you feel it's disrespectful for your dad to be in debt. It's disrespectful cuz we live in my disrespectful to your dad for him to be into debt because we're not paying any bills. I'm not paying any bills. I'm just blowing all the money I make. Okay. Yeah. I agree. Daddy's foot in the bill and you're doing nothing. I just like to spend money. I have a pro. I have a spending problem. What have you done to mitigate that? Obviously nothing. But I've taken his cards. Yeah. What happened? What have you done? Nothing. Without your wife having to step in? So, you're doing We're dealing with a man baby here. You've married a child. But I didn't know before we got married. What what were our conversations with money like before marriage? Um we were going to have a we were going to have a joint bank account. These are completely different answers. I know we were going to start saving for a house. Like we had lots of plans and then it's like we got married and then it didn't happen. But I did have like right after [snorts] we got married I had a TSI. So it's like a mini stroke. So like that was kind of scary cuz I was under a lot of stress like cuz I was working a lot of jobs. So that kind of put a hold on my working and like my um not my working but like my schooling stuff. I kind of put a pause on that. You do this. She had aing stroke in her early a mini stroke from like stress but still. Yeah. Miniature stroke. Sure. Little cho stroke. I get it. [laughter] Yet you do this. It doesn't make me feel good. I think that's all it does is make you feel good. And you prioritize that over taking care of anyone else around you. I mean, I just got a note that apparently the dad that is taking care of you just lost his job. Yeah, he did. Um, he did get a new job, but so we have known that he was going to lose his job for like six to 7 months before he actually lost it just cuz the company was closing down. So that freaked me out cuz I was like, "Oh my gosh, if like if I did have to pay for like the mortgage or the electric bill or something, like I want to make sure that I have money saved where I would be able to do that if I needed to." Like I didn't think that I would be put in that financial position, but like just in case. Um, and then that's like also why this was such a crazy shock to me because he also knew that he was losing his job. He knew that I was worried about my dad losing his job and like and he continued to spend money that he didn't have. Listen, answer this candidly. does pro gamer over here has he ever done anything big monumental is selfless cuz he just seems through his actions and through everything knowing what's happened with your little stroke knowing what's happened with your dad losing a job dad taking care of you guys you specifically said that you guys talked about getting your finances together getting a house together and then his response to that question is you guys didn't have a single conversation [sighs] has he done anything in this relationship financially? Has he done anything that is not just pure him? Like whenever we were first already dating, we would like go on dates and stuff. Oh, I think that's why I said monumental not getting a dinner. I would say no. My engagement ring, my wedding ring. [snorts] What are your thoughts on this guy? I think that I like to spend money on her. I spend money on her taking her on dates and stuff on concerts. We go to concerts. She wants a house. She wants a future. She wants to pay for school. She wants to take care of the household when dad loses the job. I don't think she gives a if you're getting her some McNuggets when it comes to the big picture here, guy. Yeah, I know. I need to work on that. I'm trying to work on it. I'm trying to get another job. What aing deflection of an answer. Oh, what a gross answer. I hate when people give me that answer cuz it sounds right, but it's the most [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that anyone can give. If you go to an alcoholic and say, "Dude, no, we got to clean. I'm trying. I'm trying." No, you're not. I want to change. No, you don't. You're not putting in the actions to suggest that. That is the most deflective answer that you could ever give in any kind of criticism is, "I'm trying." Someone said to me, "Caleb, you're looking fatter." And I said, "I'm trying." No, I'm not. Spending money is an addiction. I have a very addictive personality. Then what have you done other Exactly. So you're not trying. So never say that again. If I ever hear you say that again, I will get a spray bottle and spray you. That [laughter] cuz that is not true. If you've done nothing, the only attempt that has been done to fix this is her stepping in. You are dragging her down beyond beyond what she ever imagined. Look at this. When we first started dating, I had a credit card. My first credit card I ever got, my quicksilver card, and I didn't I still don't know how credit works, but I didn't I especially didn't know then. So, I would just spend and spend and spend and make the minimum payments. And then I had an ex-girlfriend and I put her on the credit card with me. You mean an authorized user? Did you rack it up? Oh, for sake. Is that one of the debts today? No, no, no. I've paid that off, but I've ran the card back up. So, so his ex's car when we first started dating, that was like the only debt that he had that I had known about besides like the car payments, but that was the only thing that I had known about. And then he had paid it off. So, I was like, "Oh, this is like a green flag." Like maybe he gave his ex-girlfriend a credit card to use or like they racked it up or whatever, but he paid it off. So, like that's a green flag to me is that he like can know how to pay off debt now. But obviously that's not the case. That was before I had I only had two credit cards at that time. What do you have now? I think six. Oh, for sake. But where do you think you'd honestly be today if it wasn't for you? Cuz you stepped in here. Yeah. [clears throat] So I've been like checking his account every single day. And I think he's only not spending because I'm checking it every single day. Like I feel like I'm moming him every single day. Like he comes home, I'm like, "Give me your phone." I can see the look on his face. cuz he's like, "Ah, here we go again." Um, whenever I wrote down all of his stuff, he's got like a payment that he has to make like every single day of the month, like subscriptions, credit card bills, like everything. There's almost one every single day. So, it's like I don't feel like I'm enough to like keep him accountable to make all of his payments and do all of his things and not spend all his money. So that's why I applied cuz I Do you not feel the absolute most disgusted in the entire world hearing that? I feel gross. It's under my skin. She doesn't She doesn't have to be the sole one to keep me. But she clearly does. She just said she does. She said you would be missing payments or overdrawing or something like that if she was not checking. I don't think he'd be missing payments cuz everything's on like autopay. Maybe she said overdrawing then if she wasn't checking the accounts. Yeah. I've never missed crazy. You live with her dad and then she's also your mom. Yeah. And I don't have any kids, so I don't want to be anybody's mom. Do you want to have kids? Because I would love to have kids if we could like get our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. No offense with you guy, but how? He's another child. Financially speaking, I don't want to speak for your entire life. I don't know your entire life, but it's just finances. Okay. Right. He's the other child. I think another problem I have is I've never had any good financial role models. No one has, buddy. Shut the up. What a answer. What a I tell him that because good financial role models. Well, good for you. But that is a rarity. But I feel like But that's a rarity. I didn't. Lindsay hasn't. Uh Christian hasn't. Jake hasn't. Jake's on his honeymoon. But like no one has I mean I have a note that I guess cuz we just got to peel the onion here that you found out a year into being married that he had 5,000 hours of debt. Obviously we know where he is now and that you trusted he was taking care of it but he wasn't. I did. I found out we were like in the HB parking lot. there was like a new agent just like opened up and I was like I don't even remember what we were going to go do but I was like like let me check your bank account cuz it's something I would just ask him like cuz I want to be knowledgeable of like what he has just the same as like I feel like he should be knowledgeable of what I have especially because we don't have a joint account and then I saw like his credit card and I was like oh my gosh what is that and he was like don't worry like I'm going to pay it down like telling me all the right things so I was like okay and then I like brought it up a couple times he said he was paying it but Like paying off your debt is not just making the minimum payments cuz that's going to take you 20 years. I don't want it to take 20 years. We need to be making more than that. You'd be okay with having a kid that's lied to you twice now. How can we trust this? I am sorry. This I'm not honestly here to just bully bully bully bully bully you. I love doing like roast and stuff like that, but I that is a legitimate honest question. How the can you trust having a kid with someone that has lied to you twice in two years? Major lie. Not a little petty lie. Major life lie. I meant it when I said it. I didn't just say it just to get her off my back. I meant that I was going to get it worked off, but then I decided to open more credit cards. How can you be with How can you be with I have to apologize uh to my boy Papa got out there. He thinks I'm always trying to break couples up. I promise I'm not. But I do have to ask how the can you be with someone that always promises he's going to change and then literally never changes. But actually only gets worse. Why do you think she loves me a lot? Yeah. Well, that's Yeah, I love him. But I treat her right. I don't I'm not a bad No, you don't. No, you don't. Cuz this is treating. Treating isn't the small actions of you buying a flower, taking her to a meal. This is a part of treating. remember she just said that the conversations that you guys had before getting married about finances were getting a house and getting your finances in order and you said you didn't have a conversation. Well, I felt like we had all kinds of conversations before we got married about how things were going to go and how things this and that and the third and then it just like And how do you feel that when he answered that question? He says you guys didn't talk about a It pissed me off because how do you what do you mean like I just don't feel like finances are as important to him as it is to me? I don't feel like it's important enough to like end a marriage over, but it's definitely something that if it continues to go this way, like that's not like that would end the marriage. Like what do you mean we didn't talk about finances before we got married? How do you think we didn't talk about that? Uh I just feel like we didn't talk about having joint accounts. We I thought we talked about having a single joint account for bills and that is a joint account. Yeah. But but if you have a joint account, most of your money is going into the joint account and the savings account. And then you might have like a little bit of money on the side here and there for like things that you want. It's not like, oh, $1,000 here, $1,000 there. That's not what's in this like savings account for us. That's like I want some Duncan and I'm going to get Duncan on my own little card. It's not like spending hundreds of dollars. Yeah. I just don't remember having all these conversations. How the are you guys going to go anywhere with that? I honestly don't remember. Is he gaslighting you right now? I don't know. I don't know. I feel like sometimes he is because he says that he's going to do things and then he doesn't. But yeah, forever. Honestly, with him and his actions, you guys are never going to be able to move out. Never going to get out. I buddy, come on. literally no answer you could say about anything finances based on your actions have any merit to them. I'm sorry. I mean, you've lied about everything. not lie in terms of like intentionally like, "Yeah, I'm gonna go like financially cheat." No, but you say you're going to do something and then you never do it. So, you saying, "Yeah, I think we're going to move out." That has no no standing. No standing. I'm about to go into these documents, but just genuinely, what is the state of this marriage? What do we think? Whenever we got married, I thought that like I needed to see a little bit more. So, I didn't change my last name when we got married. So, and then I told him like, "Oh, if you pay for like my health insurance, cuz like I felt like he wasn't doing enough, like he wasn't ticking off every single box." Like basically just the financial box. Like I needed to know more about his finances and like things like that before I like changed my last name cuz that is like kind of a long process. Like you have to change like your social security card, like everything. So, um I told him like if you pay my health insurance then then I'll like change my last name. And then I found out about all this debt. So I don't feel comfortable like change my last name if you're just going to rack up the debt and then like if we get divorced like I'm just going to have to change my name back. You do nothing. I'm I I don't want to go full 1950s here. But what kind of man are you? You're a If you see it that way. I don't think I I just think I have financial trouble. You asked for the basic minimum just so she can change her last name to your last name. And you won't even stand up and do the basic bare minimum. You're not a man. You're a child. If you say so. Huh? [sighs and gasps] Pathetic. Pathetic. You're pathetic. I'm sorry. I'm a little disgusted. I like you. I genuinely like you. I don't necessarily dislike you, but I'm disgusted by you in this. Like, come on. There isn't another individual here that has her heart attached to you. Yeah, I see that. I know she does. This is a fun one. I get to get you free money and then I get to get myself free money. It's a pure win-win for both of us. What do you have to do? Sign up for a SoFi high yield savings account and get a welcome bonus of $300. Sign up for Acorns using my link and get $20 instead of the usual $5. Finally, sign up for Silo and earn up to $5,000 in cash back on your own stocks. These offers have been negotiated to give us both more money than using traditional signup methods. So, use the links in the resources section of the description below and get yourself $5,320 Are you just plain dumb? Is he just plain dumb? Um, is he just like weaponized incompetence? No, like it's really just like about money that this is like any other aspect. He's like very knowledgeable. Like I just think he's like uncomfortable when it comes to money. I don't know exactly uncomfortable everything though. It is your future. It's everything so important. It's like I don't feel like money is an uncomfortable topic. I feel like it's uncomfortable for some people and the reason it's uncomfortable is because it needs to be talked about more. It can be uncomfortable, but uncomfortable doesn't mean we run away from it. If you run away from one of the number one causes for divorce in this country, exactly. You're going to get divorced. I'm going to go 3 2 1 go on go. At the same exact time you guys are going to give me what you think your household financial score is. 0 to 10. 10 being the highest, zero being the lowest. 3 2 1 3 [snorts] What the? After all that, you give a four and you give it. What the do you think is going on? I don't know. I just feel like it's really bad, but it's like at a number to where it's can be brought down to if we get it now, but you're not doing it. But that that depends on it having already been done. it's not a hammer future financial score. I'm I'm confused. Okay. If you want your assessment to see where you are in the world of finances, go to calebhammer.com or click the link in the description below and take the assessment. And you can come on the show by going to caleb.com/apply. And don't forget, if you don't want to be like a guest on the show, all you have to do is download my budgeting app. Download it. Automatic account connections community. A lot of great stuff in there and we're improving it with new features every single month. It's awesome. And if you sign up for the annual version, I'll give you our cookbook that cannot be purchased anywhere else. I'll sign it and I'll mail it directly to you and our budgeting notebook. All right, let's jump into this. These here documents. Let's get into it. Quicksilver one. Well, I'm guessing every single credit card, if I'm not mistaken, is yours. So, I don't even have to ask. I have one in there. Okay. Okay. So, Quicksilver one. This is yours? Yes, mine. It's my first credit card ever. Congratulations. So, the card that you know we discovered two months ago. What? Did we discover this card two months ago? That was the one that was in my car. Yeah. One of those. Okay. This was the one in the car. Uh so it was taken away and uh No, I just took this one away like when I found out. This was like two weeks ago that I found out about I took all his cards away. No. What did we do right before that on this card before we took it away? What did we do before that? What we do? Probably gas station. You spent $6615, buddy. That is how much you bring in a week now because your job has gone to the worst. That is a week worth of spending that you did before taxes. By the way, because you're contractor, you need to set money aside. That is a a week's worth of pre-tax income more than that you put on a card that you are not paying off because you only put money towards the minimum payment and is acrewing interest. It is now, congratulations, maxed out. How long does this take to pay off if we only do minimum monthly payments and we don't do any purchases of which you are incapable of without your wife taking away the cards? Let's hear from you. Three years. Okay. 14. Congratulations. Yeah. That's your marriage. You guys are going to be approaching 40. 40. I didn't know it would take that long. You didn't know anything. Yeah. All you do is spend. Maybe you'll look at things for the sake of your wife, for the sake of your marriage, for the sake of the household, for the sake of getting out of the house, for the sake of supporting her dad, for the sake of literally anything that you guys have discussed. Maybe all you have to do is take a look, this is simple. The statement is in front of me. It took me less than a second to see that. All you had to do was look. but you didn't cuz you put in no effort. Because you don't give a I do. No, you don't. Or else you would do something, man. I feel like I'm trying. I'm trying to find another job. WHERE'S YOUR TRY? TRY. IT'S NOT A JOB SITUATION, GUY. IT IS YOUR SPENDING. No matter your job, YOU SPEND THE MONEY YOU HAVE. HEY, GUESS WHAT? You brought in good income last year and you accumulated $24,000 of debt. So, I don't give a about a job. No matter what job you have, you spend 25% more. 50% more. I just feel like with all the bills that I have, I don't have enough money coming in at the moment. Because your credit cards are racked up and you have to have a high monthly payment. I know. That's why I feel like I don't make enough money cuz all these monthly payments are so high and I have so many of them. WHY ARE THEY HIGH? Because I because lastly when you made good money, you spent 50% more than you brought in. So it is not an income situation. Guy, I [clears throat] just spent money. That's all I can say. Oh. Oh, guys, he spends money. I don't know if you know this. Does he spend money? Yes, HE'S WITH MONEY. [screaming] WHOA, CRAZY. $1,844.38 is owed on this. $34.77 of interest acred. Only paid the minimum payment. Minimum payment is now higher of $56. You're going to pay a total of $5,45 if you only do minimum payments, which you do without purchasing, which you don't do. Yeah. So, it's going to go up by more than double. That's a lot of money. It's going to be not getting her house. Not even an apartment. Not even a studio. That's living with daddy forever. My mind said I can figure it out. But it's been like 2 months. And he has like he has stopped spending on his cards and he stopped buying sports, but I took them. So of course he's not going to spend on them cuz I have them in my hand. It wasn't a behavior change. It wasn't a behavior change. You took away the Yeah, he will find another way toinging slide that needle in. I think I'm I'm done spitting. What's this? I found a way. I will find a way. That's my mindset. I will find a way. We haven't even found the way. We haven't even found it. We're We we're we're finding the way. We're discovering it. Yeah, it takes time. It takes time. How long is it going to take, guy? Hopefully not too much longer. What do I even do with that? What am I supposed to do? What do you do with that when you hear that in the conversations that you guys have around money? Dude's lost in the desert for decades. Well, this is the most I've heard. It's usually like I don't know. And then I feel crazy because I'm like, "This is a lot of money. Where is it coming from? What are you spending it on?" And it's not like feasible things. Like if you bought a new car, okay. If you have like a shopping addiction and you're buying new clothes or cool shoes, okay. But like like what he's buying is like not up there with the things that it's like okay I can understand how you have debt from like buying that. Listen I don't know what to do with this kind of person because I don't know what his ambitions are. Like there's usually something I can grab on to and be like okay if we do this this this we can get to this thing. He's clearly satisfied with living at home. He he might say something different but he's clearly satisfied with it. He's satisfied. He's okay with staying stagnant. He's okay with you guys not moving forward in your relationship more than you have. This is very clear just with the actions. The thing is he is the deflection master. He is doing the classic deflection that I see on the show all the time, but honestly to a new degree where it's I will try. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. I didn't know. I don't know. You're right. That's wrong. But that's all deflection. So it sounds like maybe it's the right answer, but it is the you know I put out a point and he's just immediately throws it away by saying I'm going to try. That's nothing. And what he has only demonstrated in his entire relationship with you is that he has lied and lied and then lied and then lied and didn't put in a single action that he promised to do. I feel like I'm putting in effort now. She took away the cards. That is the only reason you haven't bought her new baseball card. No. No. Yes. Yes. It's football cards. Oh, sorry. football cards, which okay, didn't even know it was a thing. When she took away the first round of cards, you then spent on the other cards. [snorts] If you had other hidden cards right now, an OJ Simpson card would be popping up. [laughter] I do like buying sport cards. That's I buy a lot of sports cars. It's It's profitable when you hit the right card. He sold one for like $450 one time, but he spent like over I'm gonna ask a question, and it's not it's not to be insulting to you. It's really not. I just want to approach this conversation in a okay way so I can get through to him. Is he legitimately stupid? No, like legitimately. My my point of if he had cards he'd spend on it, his response was, I like baseball cards. is okay or playing football. I do come to that like thought in my head. I'm like it doesn't make sense like with the things that I'm telling you and like the options that I'm giving you. How are you not understanding? Like I'm like will even likeing look like how do I say this in a different way than I've already said it to make somebody understand it more and then it's like still doesn't get received. I do not believe that he is stupid. I 100% believe in everything that he wants to accomplish he can. But I just don't think he cares to accomplish. Maybe he's as lazy then. Cuz again, the the responses I'm getting from him, it's just like, listen, if you're not all there, that's okay. And I'm not going to actually pick fun. I think I'm all there. I think I think he's all there, too. I also feel like, buddy, that you know, you might be slightly special. You're going to go impregnate a woman. She's going to get AIDS. And then you're going to be on a park bench, a bus bench telling people. Where does AIDS come from? You didn't get the reference. That's okay. No. What's the reference? Oh, Forest Gump. Oh, he's very Forest Gumpesque. Oh, I get it now. Other than that, I don't think he can run. [laughter] So, what's going on with this card guy? Sports cars. Gas station. eBay. Is that the cards? Yeah. Ulta. $84 at Alta. eBay. Going inside the gas station. Getting some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Getting some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cards. Cards. Panda Express. Cards. Cards. Sonic and McDonald's. And this would still be happening right now if she did not take away the cards. spending cards. Sell youring cards. Your other dump cards. What's your collection worth? 3,300 for her. Sell them. You can accumulate them again as a hobby when you budget them in after you guys do the basic minimum responsibilities of moving out, having an emergency fund, and no bad debt. So, sell the cards in action. I will. Good. I will. I hope he actually does. You said you'll do a lot of things many times throughout your life and then you haven't. So, I really hope when you guys come on the follow-up channel, I will have seen these cards paid off. But guess what? You also said a year ago that you would take care of the debt that she [laughter] found out and then you did not. You also said you stopped spending on the cards 2 months ago when she took away half the cards. YOU DID NOT. SO, WILL YOU ACTUALLY sell the cards? No level of confidence on my end, but I really hope so. I'm going to sell the cards. If retail therapy was real therapy, your bank account would be fine by now. But we both know overspending doesn't solve what's really going on. And that is where Sanderemind comes in. They connect you with licensed therapists and psychiatrists fast. You'll get matched based on your goals, preferences, and schedule. There's no guessing game like trying to budget without knowing your income online or in person. No more waiting for the care that you need. Plus, their all-in-one mental wellness app gives you tools to maintain your progress between sessions. Soundermind works with most major insurance plans across the nation. So getting support won't drain your finances even more. Take control over your mental health today. Visit sandermind.com/caleb. Go to sandermind.com/caleb and get started today. Anywhere worth going is worth going in good boots. And for me that means Tikovas. Now I wasn't always a boot guy. I used to think you had to be a rancher or a country singer to pull them off. But then I tried Tikovas and I've basically been boot pilled ever since. And these aren't your dad's stiff break your ankles leather monsters. Every pair is handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps which means they feel broken in right out of the box. And I've worn mine on long shoot days, nights out, even to the grocery store. And you know, people notice. People actually stop me mid aisle be like, "Hey, those boots are clean." And I know, thank you. And whether it's a long day or a big night, these things are built to last and built to impress. And if you're nervous about committing, no worries. Tikovas gives you free returns and exchanges for 30 days. It's called the best in the West, guaranteed for a reason. Right now, get 10% off at tovas.com/hammer when you sign up for emails and texts. That is 10% off at teco.com/hammer. Toas.com/hammer. See site for details. Tikovas, point your toes west. Do you think he'll sell the cards? I think he'll sell the cards. So, he's allowed So, you still believe him after all of this after everything that has happened? Okay. Because if he doesn't, then you have a little bit to blame there, too, because you haven't learned the lesson of trusting. No, 100%. Yeah, I agree. Why do you believe him after everything? You love him, and I, but why do you both believe him? I love him, but I don't think love is enough to stay in a marriage. No, it's not. So, and I've told him that before. So, I mean, we're just kind of seeing what happens with that. I guess this is an extreme example. But if you love someone and that someone hits you, I need you to get the out of that house. Extreme example, but still, if he keeps lying about changing behavior and he is endlessly holding you back forever, and you need to know this, love will not forever hold her there. Buddy, you are satisfied living at home and being stagnant in the world. I don't know what you do on a daily basis. You pick up your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you look at cards, and you play Call of Duty. I don't know what is happening, but she is not going to stick around. And if you love her, you need to put in a little bit of effort. How close are you at calling quits? Be honest. He's here. He needs to know how close in your mind. Percentage. 100% quit. 0% is I'm never going to move from the couch. Like 40%. Dude, that's that's brutal. Yeah, it does hurt to hear. Wait, no. 40% like never going to leave from the couch. Wait, I thought 100% was like I'm leaving right now. Yeah. And 0% is I'm never going to leave. Okay, so yeah, 40%. Yeah, that's brutal. That means you're basically halfway to leaving. Yeah. Well, because I need to see changes because I don't think I Is that not an emergency? Wee woo wee woo wee woo. It It is an emergency. Yeah. He doesn't have a singleing ounce of energy or care or anything. I do care. So when you have a kid with this man, the example that he's going to be leading by in life, you're comfortable with that? And that's why she said 40%. If the person I was with is telling me they're 40% walking out that door. Oh my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] emergency alarm bells going crazy. I would do everything in the world to try toinging figure out what is going on. But you already know what's going on. You've known what's going on. You've known at least for a year what's going on. Yet you've only gotten worse. And that percentage is likely only going up further. 100 bucks of interest losses here so far. Looks like the interest recently kicked in maybe. And again, it's basically maxed out. It's a couple dollars away. City Rewards Plus. Who's this? Mine. Yeah, [snorts] that's also the other one that was in the car. It's also another one that Yes. Got spent $21 on. That's it. It's only $200. $200. $20 of interest acrewing. Only the minimum payment was put towards it. You know why he only put $200 towards it? Cuz it'sing maxed out. [snorts] Got it. Yeah. again, just like he's not spending only because you have the cards. He didn't spend more on this because he literally could not. It's at a balance of $970.25. Once that minimum payment hit, it brought it down from the,000. It's a $41 minimum payment now. And it was then, too. This one's 3 years to pay off. What's going on with this card, guy? More of the same. Oh, you only work four to five hours a day? Yeah. For sake, what has been finding this new job looked like? Cuz time to go. Looking on Indeed. Well, he's had job offers. I just don't get calls back. What? She just said you had job offers. Yeah, he he did have job offers and then he didn't take them cuz I wanted him to get a job that would provide benefits cuz we have benefits through the marketplace and that's why they're so expensive. Well, yeah. And that's great, but at a certain point we need our income to come in. Like that is number Yeah. No, 100%. like any type of job. But I didn't know the severity of this. I didn't know about like the hiding cards. Severity of this. Well, all the cards like I didn't know about the extra hiding. You knew that? No, I knew about his income dropping too. But he only was looking for a job not because his income was dropping, but because I took all hising cards away. So then since I knew about his debt, that's when he started looking for a new job. You need to pay it off faster. And I asked him, "What would you have done if I didn't find this?" and he was like, "Oh, well, I was just trying to pay it off before you would know." I don't know. What What industry are you trying to get into? Are you trying to just get any job? Like, what are we trying to do? Uh, I want to get a apprentichip with a plumbing company. Okay. There's at least in the construction project management world. I can get you like a certification there through course careers. I'll give that to you. Our audience uses them. I personally love them. Uh, so I'll hook you up with that. It's not plumbing specifically, but they are expanding more into the trades. I'm I'm open to looking at any of the Why aren't you dropping McFries in the evening? Like, we got to pay bills, buddy. We're living with her daddy. I don't want to work at McDonald's. I don't give a I work fast food. I hate fast food. Wait, let me check that. No, I still don't care. I'm I'm You have to pay bills. You racked up a bunch of debt. This is your responsibility. I don't care if you don't want to do something. What type of entitlement complex do you have? If you had to pay for the roof over your head, you guys would be kicked out of that roof over your head. What is this entitlement that you have? It's It's not entitlement. It's preference. It's preference. No, that's entitlement. You're not willing to work a job that you feel kind of sucks a little in order to pay the bills. You would rather live with her dad than go and work a job that you feel is slightly beneath you. I don't think McDonald's would pay pay good like $10 an hour. It doesn't pay well, but it pays. And you're making nothing. I'm trying to get something that's I agree. Except something else in the meantime. You tit. You're not making money. YOU CAN'T give her A LIFE. SHE'S NOT GOING to be working in a few months. I agree there. Oh, congratulations. I'm glad you agreed with the literal reality of the existence around us. THEN WORK. I'M TRYING. NO, you're not. You just specifically said you would not be willing to work in a certain industry. Like flat out. YOU PUT IN THE WORK. YOU'RE 24. MAN UP. I'm not saying it's a permanent job. I'm not saying it's a completelying path correction job. I am saying it is extra income that we can get in the evenings cuz guess what? That is the shifts that people do not want to work. So if you're doing an overnight shift, late shift, whatever you are doing, stocking shelves, I don't care. Jobs that are hiring, that brings in extra money to take care of life. We have goals and you are preventing you specifically, you are preventing the household from getting to those goals. So what do we do instead? We go we go to McDonald's. Yeah, the first one. I didn't even know that. Wow. Great. Then you stop in Circle K. Get yourself some chips and energy drinks. Whatever the Jack in the Box, go in and get some BS. Go in and get some BS. Go and get some BS. Jack in the Box. Go and get some BS. Jack in the Box. Go and get some BS. Yeah, you can work at McDonald's cuz congratulations. You go there again and you spend a literal same amount. So, we're on a repeat for sure. Then McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Amazon, Jack in the Box, Goberto's Taco Shop. Go ahead and get some BS Jack in the Box. I like Jack in the Box. We're confirming. He's not stupid. We are confirming. He's not stupid. [snorts] Pull up your Amazon, big guy. My Amazon. Oh, he doesn't really do a big Amazon. I saw enough on here that I want to look. He did have um two Amazon accounts that he was paying for, so we cancelled. And we're confirming. Yeah. Not stupid. [sighs] Oh, you guys have a dog. That's not for our dog. That's for his grandma's dog. We do have two dogs, though. Connected fuel pump, Finwan throttle body. Yeah, not much. Okay, not much in here. Uh, but let's look at your subscriptions. Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV Plus, Gmail, iCloud Plus, Max, and Twitch. Twitch. Where are you paying $8 for Twitch? It's the Queso. Queso. You don't know who Queso is? Uh-uh. Not in the stream world. No, he's like he's he's really funny. He's a really big streamer. You laugh a lot when she can't have her own house apparently. It's a good joke. It's a good joke. You're playing real comedic. I bet we just big giggle fest when she found out all the debt a couple months ago. Yeah, that's exactly what that was. If you have time to watch all that content, including a live streamer, including all the subscriptions you pay for, Prime Video, all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Apple TV Plus, blah blah blah blah blah. You can be dropping fries, buddy. Put the fries in the pack. Yeah, you make a good point. I mean, again, this is another note. Uh, you specifically told Lindsay in the interview that it pisses you off when he's still in bed in the morning and you're leaving for work and he's just in bed around. Yeah, because his job doesn't like he doesn't have a 9 to5 or like steady hours every single day. Like he'll get like an email with the information and then he can go within like 2 days of whenever he gets the email to go do it. So, he usually will like get the email and then go right then. But like I'm up at 5:00 in the morning feeding the dogs, like feeding the lizard, doing all the things. And then I'm leaving for work and then I'm coming home at like 8:00 at night and whenever I leave for work, I'll like check his location throughout the day and he's like still at home and I'm like, "What the are you doing?" Like from like I just feel like he should be working more whether that is 5 hours at McDonald's or whatever because 5 hours at McDonald's at $10 is $50 and that's a minimum payment. So, I'll just I'll be honest, this is going to make me sound like the most traditional man in the history of the world. I'm not like super trad or anything like that and like 1950s,60s, whatever. That's not me. But there is a part of me where like I mean my wife, she can do whatever I want, you know? Like go do whatever you want, girl. Uh, but if I can't put a roof over her head, can't put food on the table, have hidden debts, and she's out there working more than me, I'd be embarrassed as a man. It is embarrassing. Yet he does nothing. He won't go and work. He just told me he won't do it. Yeah. So embarrassing. You 1% maybe. She's 40% of the way from leaving. I thought it's I bet it's gone up to 45 [laughter] since this conversation started. So, what do you do the rest of the time the other however many hours a week? Uh, six hours a day. Is that what I heard? Yeah, about five or six on average. Okay, let's call it five. So, what do you do together 133 hours of the week? Watch movies. That's disgusting. And I love a good movie, but that's disgusting. What are your thoughts? What's going through your head? I don't have anything to say because I No, just tell me what you're feeling, what you think cuz Oh my Like I just can't I can't feel I can't think about it because it will like cause me to spiral because I'm working I'll work like two jobs in one day. So I'll work I'll like nanny from two jobs in one day. How many jobs do you have? So I like nanny and then I work at a monastery school and then I do like birthday parties on the weekend. She has threeing jobs. And I work part time at Target, too. She has four jobs. Oh, you just But it's not like they're not. Someone castrate this man. You don't deserve it. You don't deserve her. I don't have anything to say. It's just like I can't think about what he's doing at home because I'll be at work pissed off. So, I'll just not What's keeping you around? Is it just that initial love? Cuz I What else could there be? Well, I think I'm sorry. I'm really not It's not like I want you guys to break up, but like what is keeping you around? I'm just um like we have a lot in common. I love him. I think he's going to be a good dad. It's literally just I know just with the finances cuz that's huge. I know it's huge. You want to take care of your children programs they want to do. Every other aspect is there besides the finance. And yes, that is number one priority to like most people and to me sometimes you have a good friend but not a good partner. And again it I mean you know not super trans and everything but like do you want to be the bread winner when you're the mother when you're a mom? If you're birthing a child do you want I want to be a stay at home mom if I if I were the furthest thing away from that. I know. So that's not feasible. Can you trust this man when he leaves the house? stopping at gas stations every 5 minutes to get what? I don't even know. Well, when I'm when I'm at work and it's hot, I sometimes I'll go out and it'll take 7 hours and I'll drink I'll drink all my water. I'll eat all my food. 5 hours a day with a pack of water get I drink a lot of water. Whenever I first found out about like the gas station spending, we went and we went to the store cuz I buy the groceries for the house. So, we went I bought What drinks do you want? What drinks would you stop and buy at the gas station? What do you want them? We have like an outdoor fridge. We'll put them in the outdoor fridge. They're stocked. And then he'll drink them at home. I'm like, "That's not for at home. That's for whenever you go to work." And then he'll forget to take them to work. So then he'll stop at the gas station because he couldn't just get the drinks that I bought him at home. A child. I like to go to QT in Circle K. Well, well, I I I support your decision to be a stay at home mom when you want to, but it sounds more like anything he's gearing up to be a stay at home dad. Yeah, which I would be totally okay with. I don't have a problem. Sounds like that's what he's already chosen, though. He wants to stay at home and watch movies all day. All right. Sapphire. Whose is this? Who would have thought? $5,34411ing. What the? That is a for your income. That is an insane credit card balance. What is going on here? Sports cards and fast food and gas stations. It's all the same. He doesn't have like a specific card that he uses for like one thing versus another thing. It's whatever comes out of his wallet first is what he'll use. And I don't think like initially he meant to like rack up the cards, which I don't think anybody does. No. Cuz when I first got the cards, I would use it and get in the parking lot, pay it off. And then I made a little bit more purchases that I couldn't afford to pay off. Then decided to start making the monthly payments and keep swiping and keep swiping and keep swiping. And then that's how we got to today. [sighs and gasps] They were all paid off. I just don't know how we can get to any future goals. And it sounds like you guys are people that like to take trips and stuff. Like how can we take trips? How can we do that? Well, I pay for them. That's how because we don't have a joint account. So, I don't know what's going on on his side because I don't want to know because if I don't know, then it like won't be my problem. And now that I know and now it's my problem. So, now I'm freaking out about it. But I didn't know that I would have to worry about it because he told me he would take care of it. I'm going to take care of it. Says a guy who's promised a lot of things and has never done one. [sighs] $126 of interest has accured 17 years to pay this off at the record you at the rate you were going. I didn't think it take that long. You didn't think it took that long? No, I I didn't really realize how interest rates worked. Okay. But whenever I sent on all these papers, I showed you every single one. Did you know this? Did you know this? And you said, "No, I didn't know." So, you should damn well know now because I've showed them to you. You don't remember me showing them to you? Yes, I do remember. And we're confirming still. Yes. not stupid. He can't. I don't know. Maybe I'll see you a couple more times and then maybe I'll he a couple days ago. I know, but I don't understand how you're not looking at these numbers because it's in your phone. Like you go to make your payment even if it's I just don't understand people whenever they're not checking their bank account every single day. Like what are you doing? Maybe once a week at least at the very least, I guess. But I check it every single day. So again, force him to use our budgeting app cuz it's automated. He can at least log in there and everything's connected across the board. You guys get it for free forever for being on the show. So make sure you guys download the app, but sake that that'll at least make it easier, but you still got to open it. I know I've been better I've gotten better at opening and checking. Yeah. For a week. So that means nothing to me. You fall back into old patterns like that. Like everyone does slightly better before they come on the show. Literally every guest does so much better for a week or two. But it takes like 90 days to create a habit, don't it? Sure. Working towards those 90 days if you can maintain it. The median guest on the shows pays off $10,000 in 10 months, you know, up to the end of last year. And then we'll do an annual report at the end of this year. Uh but again, remember the only reason you're doing these things is because she's taking the cards and because she's looking at the accounts. She says that she said the only reason you're not doing these things is because she is looking at the accounts. That's what I think. I don't know what goes on in his head, but that's the only thing that is like feasible to me is like I took the cards. I applied for the show. He said, "Oh, we're going to go on this show. I need to get my together." That's the reason. And that's the reason cuz everyone gets a little exposed on the show. So, just leading up to it, they do a quick little behavior change. But it is not something that if you are actually planning to change, well, it is not something that I think based on his behavior he would change. I think you're going to do well. Most guests do well. Some don't. Some go in reverse and they bring down the median, you know, cuz more most people actually do better than the median, but you know, we bring it down. Bring down the average and then the median. Um, [snorts] so I don't know your behavior in historic is I don't know. I just I don't I Congratulations. You did good for a couple weeks before you came on the show where you're getting evaluated on it. That means nothing. It doesn't mean anything when anyone does that. We would all do it. Huh? I think it shows I'm trying. No, it shows that you were going to come on the show, get called out for your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so you put in two weeks of work before you came on the show. Same thing if I went on a dieting version of the show. I would diet for 2 weeks. So, I want to like I want my best to not be called out. Everyone's afraid of getting called out. This is the This is basic. Over the past year and a half, my team and I have worked with experts to create the literal best for financial education programs on the entire internet. And even with a full month for a money back guarantee, we have the lowest refund rate in the entire industry by far. So, I'll teach you how to budget no matter where you are in life, how you should be investing based on your investing profile, and how to get into real estate for the very first time or grow a massive rental property empire like I have in my own life. And I can also teach you how to get out of bad debt, but also utilize good debt to your advantage. And each of these is available individually in the education section in the description below. But at the top of that section, you can also bundle all four of them together for 15% off. So join the over 10,000 people who have gone through my educational programs and have changed their lives. And to learn more, just go to caleb.com or just click those links in the description below. $4658 of interest acured on this card this year alone so far. And of course, you got your annual fee, $95 says. So, he's paying a fee to acrue interest to spend money and get nothing for it. I didn't realize it had an annual fee. You don't know anything. We're up to 50% now, aren't we? I mean, no, it's still 40%. But a little bit higher on the stupid scale. Sorry, he doesn't like that word. Have you [snorts] heard of it a lot? Yeah, [laughter] I'm not trying to be rude, but Sorry, buddy. I don't think you're the brightest, and that's okay. I think I'm just not the brightest in in money aspect. Other things I But I've also just heard you participate in this conversation, and you provide very interesting responses. I'm not the big best talker. I guess you kind of have like a Justin Bieber haircut from like 2005 as well. So Oh my gosh. I just cut it. Well, [laughter] that's your fault too then. So, no, I was like I told him if you cut it to Listen, okay, after we found out all about all this, he needed a haircut or after I found out about all this, he needed a haircut and I've been cutting his hair and then I was like, you might not want me to cut your hair for a bit and then I cut his hair and I cut his bangs like a little bit too short, but it wasn't on purpose. I didn't mean to do that. Can we send him to the barber after this? [laughter] Buddy, you we need to freshen this up. I like it. No, you don't. [laughter] No, you don't. Apple card. Who's is My right. Shocker. Continuing $428 went up from 248. So, uh, it's gone up. It's doubled. Yeah, I know. Okay. Minimum monthly payment $25. Takes basically two years to pay this off. sake guy. McDonald's and Patreon. Cards. Cards. McDonald's. Cards. Cards. McDonald's. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Panda Express. McDonald's. McDonald's. McDonald's. McDonald's. McDonald's. McDonald's. From all that McDonald's talk, you go there all the time. So, I guess, yeah, you'd be a little embarrassed with people that sees you at the drive-thru every single day for you to be walking in asking for a job. But what the is going on? Whose Patreon membership are you subscribed to? is it's a movie podcast. It should be ours cuz we provide more content than anyone else. I didn't know you had one. So, we provide more content in our YouTube membership than anyone. Thousands of hours. It's incredible. Extra shows. [sighs] This is just all just waste of It's crazy to me because it's not anything like of substance substance. Miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which was not going out. Miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was $922. This is swiping on cards and stuff like that. Going out to eat it was 1,035. Remember how much money you bring in? That's not like That's insane. From us together going out. That's the total, but we've only looked at his spending so far. And groceries was 559. You live at home. I pay for the groceries for the house. It's like I pay for the groceries for everybody. But 1,035 going out to eat 922 on miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Unknown shopping. It's Amazon. It's Walmart stuff. We can't 100% tell. $73125. Target. Sports cars probably. No, it's probably in miscellaneous. Well, hey, actually eBay could be in there. That is true. Target and Walmart. You I can buy sports sports cars there, too. Oh, damn. couples therapy ASAP cuz he also just needs to learn how to communicate. Maybe he does care, but he just doesn't put in the effort that reflects. I do care. I know. We've heard that part. No, I do think that he cares. I just think he doesn't know how to like show it or I don't know, do the That's pretty easy. Yeah, it sounds easy. You also just don't know how to tell the truth. Be a man of your word. You don't know how to commit to anything. When's the last time you've committed to anything in your life besides the marriage? But even that, you barely are. I'm committed to the marriage. Not in one of the largest parts of it. You guys planned on what you wanted to do after getting married and you haven't. You've been at home for 2 years. So, what? We've been at home for two years with the hope to save money, which I guess is not happening. Well, yes, we're negative. Uh what has he done that has shown that he's able to commit to anything for a long period of time that you have seen? He's committed to his credit cards. So nothing. So seriously, there's actually nothing nothing that you've seen that he's committed to that is like something hard that he has committed to for multiple years. Cuz if there's nothing then that gives me zero hope. I've had the same job for 4 years. I only work 5 hours a week. That's recent. I know you work 5 hours a week, but it's current. just because it's recent doesn't mean it's not current. It's also easy to show up to a job. That is easier than It's easy to show up to a job where you get to choose your hours and you get to do what you want and you get to stop at QT and you get to do this and that and go here whenever you want to. I would I would love to stop at QT and get a little snack. And he's going to QT. You're the side piece. and a cheap one at that. See those donnut holes and prioritize that one over those over those. Freedom flex. What's the balance on that? Yeah. What's the balance? Cuz I have one as well. Um high. Not mine. Yeah. Cuz we were purchasing on a card that we're only making the minimum payment that is acrewing interest. Meaning the balance went up even though you paid money towards it. It's at $2,342.88 with $79 minimum monthly payment, interest acrewing, $568. 10 years to pay off if you don't purchase, which you're incapable of. You spent a lot of money on gambling apps. Not a lot. What I have specifically that from you guys, he has spent a lot of money on gambling apps that you haven't for the last couple months, but you have. I think it's about 250 total. Oh, it's more than that. I don't think so. You don't know anything? [snorts] I think it's about 250 total. You think a lot of things, but you don't know anything. I trust her on this one. I mean, she has been quoted of uh thinking that's a significant reason why the debt went up. Yeah. I don't know exactly how much it was because I saw it and it freaked me out um on the phone. Did you even know this was happening? No. No. because his brother was doing it and I has been had been asking him for like months and months and months like do you have the gambling app? Do you have the gambling app everybody's talking about like do you have it and he would tell me no and then you tell you no? He told me no multiple times. And you trust this man? Yeah, I do. You want to have a KID WITH THIS MAN? I didn't have IT IN THE BEGINNING. [screaming] OKAY. BUT if I'm asking you something several times and you knew it would give like you knew it would hurt me or piss me off for you to have and then you went ahead and downloaded it anyway. I'm sure I had asked you, do you have the gambling app while you had had it? And you'd been like, no, I will have it. Yeah, I did do that. Okay. So then, what the guy? What are you? WHAT A MESS. OH, WHAT A WHAT A WHAT if you're not aing human. I [clears throat] don't think it's as much as he's making it seem. SHE WAS VERY CLEAR THAT SHE DID NOT WANT YOU TO DOWNLOAD THIS app by asking if you had it. So that she made sure that you didn't have it and then you chose to do it. THEN YOU SPENT MONEY ON IT AND IT WASN'T. THAT IS THERE'S THE ACTION. EVEN IF YOU SPENT $1, IT IS VERY CLEAR THAT SHE DID NOT WANT YOU TO BE GAMBLING. I [clears throat] thought I could win. THAT DOESN'T MATTER. YOU LITTLE YOU LITTLE [screaming] absolute creature of thising earth. It doesn't matter. She was very clear THAT SHE DID NOT WANT YOU TO have the gambling app because she knew IT WOULD BE BAD AND SHE WAS AGAINST IT AND THEN YOU WENT AND [screaming] DID IT. REGARDLESS if you thought you would win, YOU DID something that she didn't want you to do if she was very clear about it. What the is wrong WITH YOU? I HAVE a spending problem. ladies and gentlemen, me. I can't DEAL WITH THIS FOR 1 HOUR. HOW ARE YOU EXISTING? Because it's not like this is just about money. So, but money is so much. You just DISCOVERED HE DOWNLOADED AN APP without your consent that you didn't want him to have. He You discovered debt a year ago and then he said he wasn't going to pay it off. THEN YOU FOUND OUT HE WASN'T HE DIDN'T PAY IT OFF AND IT ONLY WENT UP BY A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT AND THEN AFTER YOU TOOK AWAY the credit cards, you found he was STILL SPENDING MONEY ON OTHER 80 This isn't JUST A RANDOM CONVERSATION. THIS IS EVERYTHING. HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH HOW HAVEN'T you just break down and cry? I do. Every single time we talk about it. I just haven't because we've had like a really good month this month because I've It's been like a little bit of time since taking his credit cards. Yeah. Because until he opens a digital one, puts it in a wallet. A digital wallet. I have them in my wallet. Huh? They're in my wallet. Yeah, he has them all in his digital wallet. He just doesn't use them. I only have physical copy. He knows how to use them. It's just like more of a hassle. I think it doesn't make any sense. You pay for her health insurance by using paying for? I have a couple times. Yeah. Yeah. The one thing that I asked him to do, he put it on paying for. And I freaked out when I saw that, too. What was this? Uh like a couple months ago. What? After I had a TSI. So something where like health insurance would be really important to have. I would have been out of the house. I'll be honest. [snorts] Maybe I just maybe you don't have enough self-respect for yourself at this point. Or maybe you feel trapped or like I no matter how much I love someone if the what what have we stacked up to like five times where he's gone behind your back. I would have been out of the house. You don't get to stick around. One, two, three maybe. Changing behavior. seeing a pattern. Okay. But fiveing times with no change and only gotten worse. I'm out. I'm out. I didn't put it all together like five separate times. Like cuz it's all about the same thing. So I've grouped it all into one big thing instead of like five separate issues, which it is five separate issues, but I mean it's PlayStation Network that he's spending on. $221 of interest this year so far. Pure flex. The one that is spent on but has always paid off. Correct. I don't even care. It's about Lush. Go get your Lush girl. It was Yeah, [laughter] that's fine. You're managing this. Fine. We are going to have to sacrifice as a household now, unfortunately, going forward to pay his mistakes. I really wanted to come cuz I need to know like what how much I need to be doing so that I can still be saving for school and We'll figure that out at the end. Freedom, back to yours. $1,893.64, 7 years to pay off. $44 of purchases, which is more than the minimum monthly payment of $40. It's interest free for now. This is PlayStation Network. PlayStation Network. PlayStation Network. Three PlayStation Networks. One on the previous card as well as four. What the? So, dude's just sitting on his ass, jacking off, and playing games all day. I don't know what those are cuz he doesn't. He doesn't um play games that much. Why is there four video game charges? I don't know. I don't know. A couple of them are probably the monthly fee to play online and then one one would be that and then one probably bought a couple games or something like that. But a couple games. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off, dude. Such a tit. And she starts acrewing in a couple months when she starts school. That would be so convenient. Damn. Well done, guy. What a partner. WHAT A SPOUSE. What a man. What a future husband. Father. What a [laughter] future father. I'm trying to better myself. No, you're not. Shut the up. Say that again and I will decapitate you. I will bring in Salah. He has practice from home. What even the Is this What is Is this a car? Oh yeah, that's called 17.25% interest rate. Haven't seen that in years. Months for a long time. What the What is it? Whose is it? SHOCK. WHO? WHAT IS IT? It's a Mitsubishi Mirage. Is it yours? Please. Cuz I also know you cosigned for your brothers, right? Yeah, this this is mine. Yeah. Then he cosigned for his brother's car. sake. This was before me. This is Oh, yo. 67. It's worth like five. So, you're negative, but just a little. Not horrendous, [snorts] but it's at aing 17.25% interest rate of death. [snorts and clears throat] Monthly payment $39,823 with a balance of $6,729.36. Insane interest. Insane interest. Valued at five. And then what is this co? What is thising cosign brother's car bull? I cosign for him to get a Kia Soul. Yeah. What's the balance and minimum payment and interest rate? It got total. He only owes like 2,000 left on it, which means you owe 2,000 on it. Well, he pays it for now. What if he dies? Why do you ask that? I hope he don't die. I hope he don't as well. I was just asking if he actually pays it cuz he's not driving the car. Cuz it's totaled. So is he responsible? Oh, I think the minimum payment on that is 400 as well. 411, I think. Why the would you cosign for your brother? Cuz he's my brother. But you had to pay for your brother's tolls. So, how do you know he's making his car payments if you're paying for his payments? It was like $250, too. It wasn't just like a little $11 toll bill. Oh, what? You're your side's a mess. I didn't know about him until until I had the toll people call me. NO, BUT HE WASN'T paying it. And you're a co-signer. Who says he's going to pay his remainder 2,000? He's never missed a payment on it. So, yeah. When did it get totaled? Uh, like 8 months ago. But he misses toll payments. So, how do you know he's not he loses a job? What if he has a big emergency come up? And what if you know worst case he dies disabled? Who knows? There's so many things. Don't cosign. Do not cosign. So stupid. Is that Do I have a statement for that? I think I do. I think I sent it. Oh, maybe. Oh, it might be on the credit report. Oh, well, we'll see. I have a checking account next. Uh, okay. Individual. Who has Chase? We both have Chase. Whose Chase has $490? Probably mine. Yeah. At least it's not negative. Though you did have a fee for not having enough. Winning and got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mexican Grill, Katherine State, Lake Katherine State, Apple Bill, Toasted Yo Cafe, the National Park Gifts, Flat Bottom Girls, Fat Bottom Girls, Cash Apps out 40 bucks. Apple bill, ATM withdraw 65, who knows where the that went. A feed that went with it. Amazon Music going in getting some BS. McDonald's. More PlayStation. More PlayStation. That is six PlayStation charges at this time. Going in and getting some BS. Starbucks. Going in and getting some BS. Zelling on money. Getting some cards. Critique Entertainment. What do you Oh my, there's so many pages. The circus we went to. Look at thising bull, guys. This is insane. Easy store going in getting some BS. McDonald's getting some BS. Disney Plus ATM withdraw $150. Who knows where the that went. Amazon Marketplace going to get ins withdraw 150. Sorry. Uh, go ahead and get in some BS. Dunkin Donuts getting some BS. Getting some BS. Getting some BS. Getting some BS. Prime Video channels probably run through the movie or something. Getting some BS. Cash app on money. Seventh PlayStation charge in one single month. Seven. Paramount Plus. He's a bull. That one. Going to get in some BS. Get in some BS. Get in some BS. Apple cash down. Oh my. Get in some BS. Get in some BS. McDonald's. Double donuts. Get in some BS. Apple bells. Ling on money. Apple bell. CASH APP. OUCH. PRIME VIDEO. PRIME VIDEO. MCDONALD'S. GET IN SOME BS. Chili's cable. Get in some BS. Cable. Goasa. What do you mean cable TV? Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, and then the actual semidecent human being, $4,432 and hers. It went up. It went up. Her balance went up. It did go out, but you can afford it in your budget with the things that you're doing. Even though now that we're together and we're going to combine, no, you actually can't anymore, unfortunately. But Jack in the Box, Carle Barrel, Amazon, Dirty Dough, Kindle, go to the library, Apple Bill, Zella Money, Apple Bill, Netflix, Spotify, Rita, Going and getting some BS, Burger King, Amazon, Jack in the Box, Amazon, Brew House, Brew House, Door Dash, or uh Dunkin Donuts, BaskinRobins, Amazon, Panera Bread, uh Target, Target, uh Storage Subscription, in Sonic Drive-In, Apple Bill, Amazon, pull out your phone. 2,000 in savings went up 500 bucks. That's good. $150 in I'm guessing your savings. Went down from 190. So, Oh, you're both the exact opposite. Who would have thought? Oh, and then $20 in that savings. Okay. Household income for now is 4,800. It's going to go down when you know when school start. um August, like end of August. We're doing everything as a household now. Get a joint checking account. Get eyes on each other's budgets, uh eyes on each other's credit cards, and then budget through the budgeting app on a monthly basis. Sit down, see what went wrong, see what happened, see what we need to prove on a monthly basis. But our debt for the household is $81,923 on a monthly basis. Well, nothing to rent, nothing to utilities. We pay nothing to debt. No. Okay. But you do take away your groceries. How much is that on a monthly basis? Who are you? How many people are you taking care of? Three. Okay. I'm allowing you to contribute the household up to cuz it's not his fault. You can give a little more for dad. $1,000 a month. But no going out to eat. That's the thing. Okay. That's a lot. I Well, it's cuz you go out to eat a lot. You do. You go out to eat a lot, too. $1,000 a month. We don't really spend $1,000. I know. Because you go because we go out to eat. You're right. I see what you're saying now. I phone bill. My dad pays my phone bill. Gas, room, drive, drive. Uh, I probably spend 150 a month maybe. You probably spend more than that. More on average. Probably 150. Going to say 200. maybe like 100 if that. My 300 car insurance. Uh, mine is 160. Mine's 230. It's I pay for mine and my dad's. We got to We got to separate, guys. We got to just separate from house. TP fund $200. Anything else you guys need in life? If there's extra wiggle room there, you can put a subscription. If there's not, you can't. Current insurance 3.90. Medical co-pays. Well, you're out of pocket right now, right? Cuz you Yeah, just $300 a month. 300. That's it. Okay. No pets. Maybe 303. No pets. Okay. Two, three. Two dogs. Health. Age. Um, seven and five. Five. Seven-year-old. Questionable. 5-year-old. Health. Good. Both of them are good. I don't know if the seven-year-old will qualify for insurance. I'll budget it in like they could be. I'll do $70. Pet food, how much on a monthly basis? Um, like 80. Anything else that needs to be in this budget? Uh, my supplies for work. Oh, yeah. My spray paint. How much is that? Uh, a month. Now it's probably $100, $150 as well. $150. Okay. Okay. We'll call work 150. You guys have local room. This is just an absolute joke. But it's again, it's all you. 4,800 is what come in. 3,7002.23 is what goes out. Give you basically $98 of wiggle room. We say you have an extra $1,000 on a monthly basis. But that's until fall. Not that long. And what was debt again? I mean, it's I mean, that car is insane interest rate. So, we got to prioritize that just like everything else. I subtracted your brother's and I'm subtracting the cons, which is 177. So, 19,653. If we were able to maintain this, I mean, obviously, basic math, it takes 19 It's not bad. So the goal is buddy is you got to by the time she works replicate her income in so that in a year and a half year and 3/4 you guys pay off all this bad debt and that's not the worst. And then she's almost done with school at that point and you're going to be grinding in order to be a man in order toing take care of the household so that you guys have are setting up yourselves for success post school. So you need to bring in enough money to supplement her losing her job when she goes into school. Then in a year and three quarters you guys pay off debt. If you budget this aggressively like I am and then you have to save up a six-month emergency fund and then we can move out and that'll be right around graduation. [clears throat] That is the step. But you have to budget together. It's combining the accounts. Joint checking account. That's where the spending is being made. No extra fund money. I gave a wiggle room of like 100 bucks, you know, and TP fund. If you have anything left there, that's where it can be as well, which I put 200. Unfortunately, it's you though. and you promised a lot and you've done nothing. So that's my concern. Household financial score we overspent. So zero out of 10 spending debt. It's not the worst debt. That auto loans insane. No collections, no IRS debt. Still not good for your income situation, especially living at home. So two out of 10. Emergency fund. Luckily you have some. In fact, well, do you have to pay 10,000 upfront for school? Um, no. I don't know exactly the logistics of it, but I think it's like um by semester, so like threeish. Do you know your qualifications for federal subsidized student loans? I don't qualify at all. No. Okay, then let's keep that. I was going to put it towards that, but let's keep it put it towards school if we can't borrow for that. So, emergency fund. I have like about $3,000. Yeah, but it's honestly going to go for school. So, yeah. Well, that's not in my school savings. Like, that's not Yeah, but it might need to go for school. Uh, okay. I'll call it a three out of 10. Retirement I don't see a single scent 0 out of 10 which is horrible cuz you guys are losing the best decade of your life for compound growth. Real estate 0 out of 10. So hammer financial score that is going to be a one out of 10. Guys make sure to join us for the post show. Some extra drama stuff we couldn't talk about because you know try to [music] keep things a little more PG and just uh private things [music] you know from going out there but when it's in the membership people are willing to share a bit more. So make sure you join us there. Join Hammer Elite. It is the best YouTube membership in the history of the platform. The platform themselves, the higherups have told us that. So, make sure you subscribe and join us. So, we'll see you in the post show. Make sure to download the budgeting app. Get yourself that signed cookbook when you sign up for annual and I'll send it to your door. Like, what made you confess all this? He didn't confess. I found it. He found it. Her dad doesn't know about the debt and the dude just lost his job and you're sitting on your playing video games all day. Not getting jobs by the Oh my gosh. You have to do everything. Are you incapable of anything? And then her dad doesn't even know about the debt and he's taking care of you. What a joke. Dude, I'm just I'm sick of I'm sorry. I'm sick of you. Sorry you feel that way. Leave. Yeah, he needs to get his together or that's what's going to happen. Exclusive members content. Click the link in the description or pin comment below and watch thousands of hours of extra and uncensored content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CalebHammer [2300 likes]: ▶HE'S SO GROSS. He is taking advantage of her LAID OFF DAD, living with him, sitting on his butt playing video games all day... I feel gross. I am pissed off. Watch the post-show here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLe_q9axMaeTbjN0hy1Z9xA/join

▶▶Download my budgeting app today: Apple: https://apple.co/4iChGhr Google Play: https://bit.ly/sb-googleplay Don't overcomplicate this crap! All you need is an automated / SIMPLE budget. This comes with automatic account connections, my budget-friendly cookbook, an online community, and exclusive discounts on my products- change your financial future NOW

▶▶▶ AND REMEMBER those who sign up for Simpler Budget Premium annual get a signed versions of the Cook Book and Simpler Budget Founders Edition Journal, just send proof of annual here: https://tally.so/r/3xzPq5

Try Rocket Money for free: https://RocketMoney.com/caleb

Make SonderMind your mental health home in 2025. Sign up at: https://pages.sondermind.com/caleb/

Find your perfect pair of boots with Tecovas, at https://Tecovas.com/HAMMER

Thanks to Hammer VIP members for supporting us: PK, Marcie Woodley, Tech Guy, Ian Dickhaus, Sharon Santiago, RJG, Kadie Helgeson, Fenco, Marc26110, Andrew Can, Brad G, Jhonathan Rodriguez, Tylinann, Marilynn Morón, Shaggy Bestul, GIGN - Gig In Great North, Kilroy was here, Dillon Penner, Alec, Gooch, Anand Vadlamani, Blerice, Waluigi, Will Fisher, reyuho, Sarah Champion, Jessica M, Dr. Fajingler, kimmy917429, Vince Carter, Jonathan Tanguay, Michael Williams, Stecker Graphics, Melissa, Shy, Dennis Kurzatkowski, Kelsey Zettler, StereotypicalSalamiBun, Grant Oster, Cameron Murzyn, Zax, Apollo XV, ECbear2585, Sebastian Okier, Venomous, Beka Plays, Hailey Geller-Zawisha, Dawson Swint, Cloud, Christian Duarte, Dott, Vanessa Ramirez, holly wade, Robby Volik, Luna Marie Michalski, Madison Cribbs, Aaron Stelter, Samuel Santos, Jasoleia El Omari, Fernando P., Andy Garcia, Brandon Harden, alexis briano, ItsNot_Aqua, catzius1212, Evan Nekuda, Samantha Villanueva, AZRG, Bethany Zittrer, Adrian C, Renate Grændsen, K Johnson, Melanie Silva, Luca Diaz (Luryon), Steph Schoer, YashaProductions, Margaret, Betty C, zoeytigger, Channel 19, Rubi Flores, Julian Ellison, Maksim Sviridov, Siovhan Frey-Ortega, Benjamin Brand, Chloe, Thomas B, Redmel9, hashley, Georgie B, Ctopp, Brian Jacobson, Khoa Nguyen, Caitlyn Booker, Brad Zocchi, Greenie, Amy LaLinda, Aiden Sprague, Lance Tardiff, Kard Harsdivia, Margaret C., Domennator, Anthony Kasawdish, Corey Johnson random adventures, Driftless Wisco, Country Crypto, sangybr, Hav 307, Mags Paracha, Katie h, Thomas Vance, TherealMVP, Lucero Saenz, Turtle Dude, Dawson Yandle, Jonathan Rollins, Forca DesignLLC, Rebecca Rein, Layla Weaver, Kathryn Wheeler (Kathy), Summer, Rose, Joel Sanchez, Salsa Verde_NP, JKarot2, Prey, Brendan Dougherty, Scott Oldford, mauro suarez, Zack Moore, Sarah Brunsmeier, cheyenne dann, All Star Strength, Patricia Embry, Corey S., King Yeetles, Bryson Still, Desiree Haro, Trent Schmidt, Tommy Sheehan, Stephanie West, Kip Cornelius Fuyuki, Daniel Scott, JohnPeter Stravinski, SAGStudios, D Will, Victoria Komar, Eric lozano, Evan Lehr, Chris McKenzie, imcoolmaybe .., Clayton Copper, Tayzer, Alyson Oakley, Renee Hopkins, Michael Plummer, Catwithsocks, Sharon D, Keith Adams, Lauren Hadfield, Almo, Camo1691, Geddy Samuels, VCSL, Erin Nicole, Taryn Stouffer, Carlos Leon, Madison Reed, Hannah Dooley, Steph Cote, Danniella Fennelly, awildtara, Demigod007, Kayne M, AC, THE_LEGO_LOUNGE, CamdenLifts, Hipnotic Jinx, Earl Cowan, Andrew McCanna, HerValk, Catie Goodnow, Cyndy Goodin, SSD Executor, Canopr1ngles, Zachary Russell, Nicole Williamson
  2. @LilithGood: 24:04 
He's a father/baby daddy. That's it... She needs to actually run TF away. Block his number. Throw the phone out. Get a new number. Move when she can. Cut off all mutual friends. This dude is N O T H I N G💀
  3. @amandahuginkys5858: This guy is lame, but he's not even close to Boogie2988.

-Faking cancer
-Crypto rug pull
-Decade+ of frauding audience with lies to buy luxury items while claiming bankrupt
  4. @jfuzz2204: All fat fnck jokes aside.. Caleb really has adorable curly hair.
  5. @theterbear9915: How do these parasites find people to marry them?Meanwhile I'm making 6 figures and am still not married or have kids.
  6. @sarahndipity89: I'm with you Caleb, WHATS WITH THIS BIRTHDAY THING?!?!
  7. @sagerbug: She has the same level of pity for him as a mother does for her son that gets bullied. Been there girl.. get a real man.
  8. @humanbeing1065: That guy is horrible but she's enabling it. So she's just as bad
  9. @whvre3640: Shes right where she wants to be.
  10. @MonniKhan-i9x: GIRL ITS NOT YOUR DEBT LEAVE HIS AHHHH!!!!!!!!
  11. @PNW88-8: Episodes like these help me get through 14h days...dude shouldn't be allowed to get puss
  12. @crystal_queen92: I went to fast food as a hold over job until I found something else. I moved up so fast I ended up staying for a few years. But I also believe my work ethic is a direct reflection upon me. If my work is shitty them I'm shitty. Period.
  13. @rrwholloway: He just sits there. No apology. No sympathising.
That there is an evil narcissist, sucking another human being dry. 
Pure evil.
  14. @rrwholloway: An evil evil man
  15. @choco_willy_v2848: Chud
  16. @cl5163: Caleb would get much further with people if he stopped behaving foolishly. Talk to people with respect. Point out the deficiencies and provide real solutions. The biggest reason I won’t subscribe. I can’t listen to this content with my children around.
  17. @JenMockensturm-i1v: This was a bit frustrating. This video said it was going to help us know when to stop saving. It did not.
  18. @LateAsUsual: McDonald’s here in Michigan pays $13.00-$16.00 an hour, and $16.50-$23.00 an hour in the bigger city areas like Lansing & Detroit. Minimum wage is currently $13.73 an hour, and on January 1st of 2027, it will go up to $15.00 an hour. Best money in the world, no, of course not. But refusing to work at McDonalds when you have ZERO dollars, a stack of debt, & an unhappy wife who is considering divorce, is financial self-sabotage with a side of delusion 🤦🏽‍♀️!!
  19. @Time2win777: 1:13:12 😂
  20. @Time2win777: I pray they are not together anymore seriously

- Filming & fighting. Week 3 as a middle aged milf on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en picked the hubby out into the sex room the other night and now it looks like we have squatters um I guess I'll forgive him and let him back in our bedroom because I need to clean this up and use it oh that's fine yeah don't judge me okay I've had enough judgment all my life don't judge a few steps slather this all over your downstairs whether you shave or wax this stuff is like magic you will have the bougiest vagina ever it just smells so pretty part it's not my favorite part I feel like it takes me entirely too much you can see me naked back there so I'm gonna have to bleep that out so normally I'm gonna try to have like outfits laid out and like the ideas that I want to do but today I'm all over the place I want to do like a thousand things so it'll probably be a little chaotic but we'll see what we get done oh and then because you know my husband messed up um I think I'm gonna make him take me roller skating and watch Love Actually so we're gonna do this all day and then the evening Roller's getting low actually and like whatever I wanted to eat for dinner because I think I can milk this for a few more days we'll see I don't want you guys to think I'm a manipulative person because I'm really not but like you don't know what he did so let me have my moment also I have a little bit too much nose contour and I know you guys would have said something to me so I'm gonna try to fix it calm down so I don't know if I've talked about like the reasons I want to do this but I live in a tiny town and I have a pretty successful business there I mean I make good money every day but I have to be there every day like if I'm not there it's not making money so I'm like tied to it and I want to travel and I want to see some things like I don't want to die here unless I die tomorrow but you know what I mean where was this crap when I was like 20 and I was like super hot and I wasn't that hot at 20. I got hotter when I got older I think my younger years were rough they were rough on me guys curling the back of my hair is such [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah like in like this position I have to get in it's not it's not my most attractive but like half the time I swear I skipped this part I do not care what the back of my head looks like action just kidding um so to is three weeks today um and I've made 86 dollars I mean that's not enough to pay any of my bills but I do really appreciate it and it does feel good every single time someone pays six dollars to see me naked um I'm into it I feel like I have given that a sufficient amount of M you know who I can't stop thinking about is have you guys seen that girl on Tick Tock that like like it's like a bed frame and she's like um oiling it up and stuff and that's how she is doing her like marketing it is so genius wish I had more furniture around here that was insertable come on I'm doing this for you oh so you're so selfish you're selfish sometimes you're gonna get a little creative I guess it's like the MacGyver and we're done but we didn't even do the wrapping paper thing which is what we originally planned to do today so anyway to sum up the video that's what we did today we didn't even clean it up I feel like it got dirtier did end up using the paper and we got pizza and wings the end [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bunniehotwife22: I found her! https://msha.ke/midwest_tiff

- Tony Robbins Saves A Marriage   8 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm having a lot of conflict about what I should do what I should have believed and I'm scared to death to go home I don't want to be in this situation to have to go home and say to my daughter daddy's not gonna be living here anymore and my wife had a big fight which we still haven't resolved I spoke to my daughter's when my daughter's five and a half years old she said I'll miss you daddy I said I'll miss you too darling look really love you and then second speak to mommy and so don't miss you Jose oh I said you missed me I've been really busy I want to be with my wife I love my wife but we don't have that many things in common we've got a lot of different things that we value and that word that we're interested in what's gonna happen when you go there have to make a decision what's changed I'm working even harder than Undine you know really early mornings to late nights I've got outside interests as well which she doesn't like what are your outside interests I play in a band but you could be there cuz you could give up the man yeah and she'd like you to do that yeah what instrument you play guitar tell me what it feels like when you play the guitar look at that what did you just ice it's astonishing yeah it's astonishing that's a great word it's like being a god it's like being a god yeah and when you go home with your wife how significant you feel what do you think the chances him give it up a band are no no way no way he'll give her up before he'll give up the band we had a fight about that about a year ago it was a case of you will do something about this or else and we came to a compromise and what was that compromise that I would only play you know three times a month sometimes I think she's saying here's something that makes him feel like a god and the maximum you couldn't be God like us three times a month and here's what I want from you by the way I love you but she wouldn't see it that way I'm sure because what she's saying is you're not here with your family you're not here with me or not here with your kids and I know whatever she has a different perspective fairly but I want you to see his window on the world for do you love your wife yes why'd you pause I'm questioning it the reason he's questioning it is because he's not fulfilled their sob I'm gonna fulfill how could I love her and if she doesn't want me to be completely fulfilled how can I love her and even if I love her too I don't want to believe I love her because then I'm trapped how far off am I I know well if I asked your wife what's her name Andrea if I asked Andrea score kneel for me how significant does he make you feel let's do that what a switch hats you're in her body right now and I'm asking you Andrea tell me about Neil over there how significant is he make you feel zero to ten you know when he leaves never comes home it's the band more important than you are he knows I hate that rock music and he wants to go play it anyway maybe it's three three does he love you yes he does how love do you feel though these days zero to ten by him three three and how certain are you that he's gonna stay and love you thanks for not eight or nine how certain do you feel though in moments about that I think a night you're thinking is yourself right now how many ladies agree with me raise your hand this is where you're deluded how much variety is he bring home to you surprise desires playfulness you don't expect to serve you to light you up zero to ten five five how much you guys growing together no zero Sara how much do you feel like he's trying to contribute to you from your perspective Andrea probably zero so here's a man who wants to contribute nothing to you on a zero to ten thinks you were three and importance when a tutor ten thinks you're a three of love you know give you a five a variety but he's sticking around it at a what would you want to do to him Neil if you were her changing will get rid of him well you're thinking like a man with a get rid of him part he was the father of your daughter are you really gonna just give no idea yes you do is he the source of your security financially yes are you gonna get rid of him he's the father of your daughter and he's the source of your survival are you gonna get rid of him no no what are you gonna do when you feel insignificant and unloved and uncontrolled you make him change make him change you're right how you gonna do that what tools do you have in your arsenal make him stay at home more often how you gonna make him stay at home give him an ultimatum game an ultimatum what's the ultimate even say it says it's you you spend more time at home and you don't go off playing with the bunt or or I leave and take your daughter with you oh no she probably say oh you leave and I'll keep your daughter yeah what's her nature not when you're frustrated with her when she's feels herself not when she's stressed what's her nature she's very creative in her own way you know she's she's into art she paints she doesn't do it often enough because she always says she's not good enough even though I said you know the stuff you do is fantastic let's put it up on the wall you should sell this to a gallery you could you should exhibit I'm not good enough I'm not good enough but that's the female form you ever do that with each other oh yes you are no I'm not yes you are oh no you know you're better no I'm not better better that's one downs Manship she's begging for your attention yeah which I get I don't know but she wants so much more so do you like that nature that artistic nature does that appeal is it I love it in fact isn't that part of your nature if she follows but she represses it on herself no she's begging for you to be your man and show her the artist inside she's begging for that goals in life her goals are to no idea I've no idea what goes on so you can't leave your no clue you've been too focused on yourself even your good man and you've gone and giving everything you have as a man to fill up those six needs with her attends you can't walk away because you haven't done what's necessary and you know it that's why you're on the fence because you'd really done everything you would have left because you're a smart man and you're strong man what does it take for her to feel loved what is she really after in this life you fill her up so much that she wants to give to you now and she says honey go to the band go go do it twice a week but you won't know until you give completely and totally no-holds-barred that woman needs to be lit up and even if she wasn't the right woman for you the next 90 days should be the greatest 90 days of her life word never has a man given her more attention and focused and caring and love and you tell her after those 90 days this is what I need honey can we make this work and you'll know the truth at that point what do you think son so state plan but first fill her up like she's never been filled up then decide give a hand like I was very low on the list of parrots even though I would never admit but now it's completely switched around so I just think it's amazing we have a winner you

  Top Comments:
  1. @iamtheahlenius [11 likes]: His wife better deserve this. Telling a man to become a servant to an ungrateful and unsatisfiable woman is a hell I don't wish on anyone.
  2. @danielthurber77 [6 likes]: I never thought of a "simp" once in this video. I see a man that stands up and talks to another man and Jesus brings their minds together to save a marriage! God Blesses us and is this awesome! I believe in love. ❤
  3. @tblightningbolt8902 [4 likes]: This saved my life watching this
  4. @Youngboi8169 [3 likes]: Is it me, you have to love a woman first, to be loved by a woman…
  5. @danielhalpert3887 [3 likes]: I gotta say
Why supporting her husband in what loves to do is so hurtful, b/c he isn't around I can understand that.
He feels locked inside with her but shines bright away from her
Maybe she should support him with his band and he'll be more energetic with that's same smile as home too her.
Am I wrong?
  6. @JamesHaumate-Mika-s7z [3 likes]: This is one video that will never be forgotten
  7. @trevalin456 [1 likes]: Here Tony is telling him to love bomb his wife but in other videos he’ll tell a man he’s too much of a pleaser and too worried about what his wife thinks and that’s why she’s disrespectful. It’s all over the place 🤷‍♂️
  8. @mustbitefishingcpt9239 [1 likes]: Dumb advice
  9. @srm7028: Giving up the band would rip his soul out.
  10. @nicolaroberts4823: It’s that simple !!!! Give what u want to receive!
  11. @TonyRobbinsWisdomm: You have to forgive eachother throughout the journey ❤💬
  12. @RealmsSmartest: This advice is extremely one-sided. It’s all action he has to take and his wife was already ungrateful and giving ultimatums does nothing other than be rewarded for her action. That was terrible advice.
  13. @Smarter-Single: Well how can you fill up someone who is inadequate with in and of themselves...?  If she's compromised herself were through promiscuity before they ever met how in the world are you ever going to make her whole or make her happy or you'll change the circumstances but she's still not happy or you will be around more than she won't be happy with that and then you'll be in a minute more she won't be happy with that you'll be intimate less you'll take therapy you'll go to counseling you'll the dissatisfaction in herself will never end and as long as he's there he's going to be the bullseye she pins it on
  14. @Smarter-Single: He likes the artistic nature and it appeals to him and he gave her positive feedback and she wants more this is not a surprise. Why do we normalize it?
  15. @Smarter-Single: Yes the female form is selfish..  that's the whole point they do this for the attention and the accolades it is very immature when are we going to stop calling it female and call it immature and require these b**** to grow the f******?
  16. @Smarter-Single: Okay at 4:28 it turned to Total bulshit yes it is the typical modern-day female that will get rid of a man and that is very female to think that way if they get in the bit of discomfort or boredom or anything they think of getting rid of the man they divorced men when no-fault divorce came out they leave for any f**** reason. Overwhelming majority of divorces are filed by women and overwhelming majority is irreconcilable differences or just some b***** it's not any legitimate cause
  17. @Smarter-Single: Well she's bitching all the time he's doing what men do avoid problems. We can't bring back the pimp hand we don't have any power over her so the bottom line is if she's going to be a b** we're not made to fight with women we're just going to avoid them and try to avoid trouble
  18. @Smarter-Single: No she's compromised herself worth before she ever met him through her own promiscuity and now if he's a good man it's why would he stay so she sees anything that makes him feel good as a threat. When she treats him like s*** as well she knows it and so any woman that's going to be kind to him could sweep him away. She just wants control and doesn't have worth and is not going to act in manners worthy to keep him she's the one that needs to be at the seminar not him
  19. @JamesHaumate-Mika-s7z: This is one video that will never be forgotten
  20. @mustbitefishingcpt9239: This is dumb..why the fuck...is it all about the woman   ..I swear , tony robbins is a God damn feminist

- WHY YOU'RE NOT GETTING FANS ON ONLYFANS: what you're doing WRONG *tips, tricks, & my advice!!*: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is so exciting i've been wanting to make this video for months finally i'm sitting down it's happening thank you so much for clicking on this video i'm sure a lot of you by now know but if you're new i post a ton of only fans content in fact this is my sixth video about only fans definitely make sure that you check out the five other only fans videos that i have posted i'm going to link a playlist that i made down below where i just put all the videos in one place so it's really easy to find i have i tried only fans for a week and this is what happened or how much i made which really just kick-started this whole journey hi marnie and then i have i tried only fans for a month and this is what happened or how much i've made i have my biggest tips and tricks on how to grow on only fans and advice for that and then i also have my biggest mistakes that i made when i first started only fans as well as my most recent video a only fans q a where i answered your most common questions about taxes about referral links about how to promote where to promote and then my own experience what my family thinks about it how my family found out what my boyfriend thought about it and the question that i still get every single day in dms how to make your text public but your posts private so oh that was a lot but all those videos will be linked down below as you can tell by the title though today's video about only fans is going to be why you are not making fans or maybe why you stopped growing why your fans aren't renewing their subscriptions or why you just can't seem to grow i get a ton of girls always asking me like i'm promoting i don't know what's going on but like i can't gain fans it's really challenging and man do i relate especially in the beginning before i started posting videos about only fans it was super tricky for me to grow my platform however i learned a lot i interact with girls and only fans every single day because of shout outs that i do which i'll get into in a couple minutes but by doing this i see a lot of profiles i see a lot of people that are doing well and a lot of girls that may be struggling and i see a lot of things that are very easy fixes that you may be doing wrong or could just better improve your content so i wrote it all out in one of my journals it's a list of about 10 things so i'm really excited to get into that because there is a lot to go over and these are just tips that like i have been wanting to tell people for so long so i hope that you enjoy before we do get started though i know i mentioned this in my most recent only fans video but i do have a new line of merch out it's called if you got it monetize it which is kind of what my 2020 year has been all about specifically with only fans starting my podcast breaking up with michaela cementry check it out but it's all about being your own boss you know and figuring out what you have and then learning how to monetize that so i know i showed this in my last video but if you missed it we have phone cases here are some of the colors that i got if you did watch that video you can see that this is the one that i received that was supposed to be yellow and so they did send over the correct color so these are a few examples of the colors of phone cases that you can get it says if you got it monetize it phone cases come in all sizes you don't have to have exactly an iphone or the size to get it this is just what works with my phone i got that question a few times and then as i'm sure you've seen in vlogs that i posted and then the last only fans video i have a few examples of the sweatshirts and shirts and stuff that you can get this is the white example of if you got it monetize it we've got this gray crew neck which is personally one of my favorites i think it just looks really great against the gray this one might be my favorite i'm sure you've seen this on my instagram as well as other videos that i posted but the one in pink is just so cute really really love this hoodie this is the classic hoodie and then i also ordered a premium hoodie which has white strings instead of the color that you choose i also love the way it looks on black i think it's just adorable there are so many more colors sizes t-shirts long sleeve shirts crew next hoodies you name it on my merch shop so definitely check that out i think there's a little like line of featured merch down below and then in the description box i have a link to my merch store and then you can always use the coupon code only fans just to show that you're part of the only fans family one more thing to mention before we get started and that is i do offer only fan shout outs so if you want to be featured on my only fans page gain more exposure help promote your account i post only fans promos every single day weekdays and then i take the weekends off if this is something you're interested in and want to help promote your account to a larger audience definitely reach out to me via instagram or twitter and dm me on those too and then if you dm me on the weekend please be patient because i do take weekends off from posting only fans promos but then also responding to dms but i promise i will get to it i think that's everything i had to mention before i started this video if you have not yet signed up for only fans definitely click the link in my description box to sign up through my referral link so you can always sign up for only fans by clicking on that link in my description box okay now that we got all of that out of the way i have my list in this little youtube journal i've been using lately titled why you're not getting fans and i do just want to mention that these are just recommendations suggestions i'm not saying specifically that anyone is doing anything wrong or that you have to do this to be successful there are so many ways to be successful this is just my personal experience on what i've learned works well or doesn't work or what i've noticed could be different sometimes people will send me their only fans link just so i can check it out and see if it's looking well from an outsider's perspective and sometimes there are these small little details that i think could help get you more subscribers so if you are struggling to grow hopefully this will help just know that i really believe anybody can do it i know i get a lot of comments being like oh she only has fans because she has a youtube channel but if you watch that first video i was doing only fans for a week before ever promoting it on youtube and i was still successful so it is possible and if you are curious about my only fan's journey and my stats you know and how much i've made so far how many fans i have i know some people are very curious about that and have watched me grow from six months ago to now i will end this video with a personal only fans update on how my account has been doing but with all of that being said don't forget to give this video a thumbs up comment down below shameless self plug your only fans if you want make sure that you're subscribed don't forget to turn on the bell i always shout out the first comments on my social media so be sure to be following me on instagram and snapchat and all of that also just make sure you're subscribed so that you don't miss the next only fans video i try to scatter them every like three to four uploads just to provide some variety in my content but i already know what my next only fans video will be so stay tuned for that i'm so sorry this intro was so long everything felt so crucial to say but getting right into it here is my list of reasons why you may not be getting fans the number one reason is your price might just be too high i know in my first only fans video i talked about how i didn't know my worth that my only influence or person that i knew and only fans had a subscription of 30 and i was comparing it to gym memberships netflix and wondering how much do i charge a month for my only fans so for a while i had it at 30 dollars as well i realized it was way too high i dropped it to 26 and it works but in the general view of only fans accounts that is still really high a lot of people have their subscriptions ranging from 10 to 15 which is still pretty high now that i've seen so many accounts working through like shout outs and promos i think the most successful girls or boys anyone can do it i just keep saying girls because most of the people that i help with only fans are girls but most of them have their subscription at five dollars six bucks i think the lower that you have your price the more that people are inclined to subscribe because it's like why not it's just five bucks let's see what it is and then if they like your content they stay if you provide content in the dms for more they might pay for it trisha paytas i believe has a pretty low subscription rate this other girl that i know i'm sure other people have heard of her too i don't know why i'm keeping her private but she was on a tlc show like a teen pregnancy show and now she hasn't only fans she recently started and only fans i think hers is only seven dollars but she has like 2 000 fans so if you do the math that's like a lot whereas with me my subscription is 26 bucks but i only have a couple hundred fans so it's still a lot but it's on a lesser scale but especially if you're starting out i highly recommend having a subscription rate of maybe like eight bucks ten bucks if your subscription rate is thirty dollars based on experience i just know that a lot of people aren't going to be inclined to subscribe unless you already have a big platform and they are specifically paying to see you because if it's just like a new like random girl that they don't know it's harder to convince people to spend that much money when it's a bigger risk so the second reason you may not be getting fans is you haven't posted anything your feed is empty you don't have any photos or videos up imagine from a buyer's perspective they go to someone's only fans and sees because the numbers are public so when you go to someone's profile you can see how many posts they have how many photos are posted how many videos they have and how many likes so imagine if a potential buyer was going to go to your profile picture and they see that you have zero photos zero videos and zero likes why would they spend 30 bucks 10 bucks to pay for nothing you know lighting was so great for like 10 minutes until the sun stops being so dramatic we move to the corner of the office anyway i get a lot of questions on instagram asking me like i just created an only fans account i have zero followers should i be posting or should i wait until i get fans definitely build up a feed definitely post maybe like 10 photos two videos it's okay to like your own things on only fans too because no one's gonna know i know that it's kind of taboo and not really seen as acceptable to to do that on instagram or facebook or twitter on only fans i always like my own posts just so that it doesn't say zero likes to my fans when it goes out i don't know just like it helps me feel like there's more engagement and then it also helps increase the number of likes that you total because on only fans that is public that is something that people see so go ahead and like your own posts post a lot because if your subscription is 15 kind of think in your head okay what is worth 15 and then post that amount even before you have fans just so that they feel like they get their money's worth and then also so that people are intrigued to pay to see what you posted so the next thing i have on my list as a reason why you may not be getting fans is because of the profile picture or the banner photo because your profile is for the most part private unless someone subscribes your profile and your banner photo are one well i guess they're two things of the very limited things that you have public for people to see before paying which means that you want to make sure that you're branding yourself correctly really showing off like a good photo or something that really would make people be like yeah this seems great on a hit by personally my profile picture as i'm sure anyone could click my link and see is me from behind in a bikini and then to be honest i really don't think my banner photo is a good photo i just have a clear color of yellow i made it very discreet this is advice i could use myself is to find a better photo for the banner that might intrigue people oh the sun is getting better so if your profile picture is like a selfie or palm trees maybe consider taking a look over your content or what you plan on posting and wondering if you can choose one of those photos to post as your profile photo or just kind of something that represents your content specifically and whatever you're comfortable with i always make sure to mention that too don't post anything that you are uncomfortable with but if it is within your comfortability and what you plan on posting definitely consider making that your profile picture because this isn't facebook this is an instagram it's not like a place to post a cute selfie it's where people are paying to see your exclusive content so take that into consideration because you don't have a lot of things to advertise your only fans with once someone is on your link once someone clicks on your link they have your photos as in your profile and your banner photo and your text like your bio for the most part which plays into my next bit of advice and thing that i have listed on this list is not having a good bio more specifically saying too much or too little in your file what i mean by this is some bios are very very specific which is awesome you want to be able to tell people what you're posting what you're up to but keep in mind like i keep saying this isn't like an instagram bio it's not meant to be relatable cute cliche i guess in a way because this is really a place where you are trying to convince someone to buy your subscription it's a place where you can kind of write out what you plan on posting if you're doing adult content mention that because that will help someone want to subscribe if you're doing fetishes or feet content put that in the bio so that they know something that i would recommend not posting in the bio and this is something that i'm probably going to get mixed opinions about is i wouldn't say in your bio what you don't post if that makes sense in my mind i feel like that's saying too much and i would rather have someone subscribe to see more positively like what i do post and then if they have questions they can dm you and you can either say yes i'm open to that or saying sorry like that's not my content but you did your job by listing the content that you do post in the bio and i know i might sound like a hypocrite because my bio is very vague right now and this is a tip that i had in one of my other only fans video is to keep your bio vague but specific mine as i'm sure a lot of you know because i've noticed a lot of girls are using my exact bio i'm not mad because plagiarism is like a form of flattery or what is that saying not plagiarism because copying is like a form of flattery so i mean if it's working good for you it's not like i came up with that exact phrase but sorry i had to change the battery but yeah i know my bio is like very vague and not really specific so if i could take my own piece of advice i might want to list the type of photos and content that i make i guess what i'm really trying to say with this one is like use your bio you know because i've seen a lot of girls that don't have anything in their bio or just write down like california living or something like that where it's like you know just something kind of like bigger than i would recommend oh my god the lighting sorry i keep moving the camera so often this video feels a little chaotic so i apologize for that i promise my setup is a lot more professional than this all that i'm trying to really say though about the bio is it's one of very limited things that you can use to utilize advertising for potential fans so make sure that it is saying the right stuff not the wrong stuff and like just the right amount enough to be specific but vague enough to make them want to see more awesome the next tip of advice that i have for a reason why you may not be getting fans is because you may not be posting enough right now i post content multiple times per day and i highly recommend if you are starting out to be posting content at least once a day you want to grow that content and build that foundation keep in mind that like the more content that you have posted the more that you will grow if that makes any sense like when you're first starting out you might get one or two fans and it's awesome and then you might feel like oh i don't want to post right now because i don't have enough fans keep posting because the more that you post the more that they are going to like your content the more that you will build up your feed and then more people will subscribe and it will kind of take off from there oh this ties into the bio thing i've seen a few bios where people will say like posting up to three to four times a week or only posting mondays wednesdays and saturdays that's great but some people are posting like three times a day so as a buyer if you're looking at all these accounts and you see a girl with like a 30 subscription with a this i'm just creating like the ultimate bad profile i'm not calling out anybody and i don't want to say bad just things where it just like might not be as successful so if you see like a profile account with you know a 30 subscription fee a selfie as a profile photo and then a bio that says like small town girl living in a lonely world posting mondays wednesdays and saturdays compared to someone that has like a 10 subscription fee with a list of services that they offer and saying that they post every single day with an example photo of the content that they post as their profile and a hot photo for their banner like i don't know as a buyer like i think i might subscribe to one versus the other the next thing on my list as to why you might not be gaining fans is because in addition to you might not be posting enough you also might not be promoting enough unfortunately really the only way to get your only fans link and like account out there is through promotion this makes it so much harder to grow because there isn't an explore page there isn't some sort of algorithm that will send your account out to potential people that might like it and then have them find you it really is up to you to brand yourself post it get it out there which is why it's so important to promote promote promote do not give up keep going you know let's say you're promoting on reddit or twitter and you get one fan and you're like oh this is devastating it's not working it is working because you got that fan so do not give up highly recommend checking out reddit threads twitter threads instagram but be careful because if you link your only fans link in your instagram i know that instagram tends to delete some accounts so just be super careful with that link tree works best it's basically a way where you can link more than one link in your url on instagram oh i also had someone tell me that i should check out like workout threads to promote my only fans which i thought was a genius idea but try to think about your audience and where most of your audience might be hanging out online and then try to promote to that i also recommended promoting on dating apps be careful with this one again because if you come across as spam a lot of dating apps will delete your account so just be super careful with that but yeah unfortunately the only way to really grow is to promote so do not give up because even if you think you didn't get a fan from something it is still you getting your link out there creating that trail almost of your only fancy link who knows someday someone might find it and subscribe like i mentioned in the beginning of this video i also offer promos so if that's something you want to try definitely dm me on instagram or twitter a lot of people ask me how i've gained most of my fans this is very very specific to my experience but luckily youtube has brought in a ton of audience for me and if that's something that you want to do if you're not staying anonymous highly recommend making a video about it because only fam videos do really well on youtube which makes sense i mean even myself included have looked up only fans videos for research and kind of just curiosity this next one is something that just kills me because you don't even realize that you're doing it until someone tries to use this and then realizes it doesn't work that was so big what i mean is another reason why you might not be getting fans is because your link isn't reachable or it's broken or it doesn't work this is set up in the settings weird so if you don't know what you're turning off in the settings i forget what it's called it might be your geo location or something but there is something in the settings don't mess with it because what it means it basically makes your link private sometimes when i do promos for girls they'll send over their link to their profile and i'll try to click on it and it will say page not available and they won't even realize that this was on meaning that you could be promoting everywhere doing everything right and yet when people try to click on your link it doesn't work so definitely make sure test it yourself go into a new browser or go on your phone if you're using your laptop go somewhere where you aren't logged into your own account and see if you can find your link see if the url that you posted works because if that doesn't work it it's sad because you won't even realize that it's broken and that's why you're not gaining fans the last thing that i have listed for why you may not be gaining fans also is kind of frustrating in my end because it's something that you also don't realize you're doing and i get this a ton in the comments section of my videos and that is you're sharing the wrong link it just breaks my heart but a lot of people instead of commenting their like profile link to their page which is always like onlyfans.com your username a lot of people will post their referral link instead and this is probably caused by them just not really knowing what the referral link is used for or not realizing that there is a different link the referral link is used for people that want to create an account but haven't yet if you already have an account and you click the referral link you'll just be taken to your home page if you don't have an account the referral link will work so if you want to sign up for only fans use mine down below if you are trying to share your account and promote your link you don't want to use this because it won't lead them anywhere they won't find your profile you want to make sure that you are commenting or promoting your only fans profile link i cannot tell you how many comments i've gotten of people commenting follow me and only fans and then it's their referral link instead which it's so sad because it's not even going to work because even if someone wanted to subscribe it's not going to take them to the correct page that's my list of everything that i could think of for reasons that you may not be getting fans i hope that this helped and i did not want to come off as judgmental or like specific to anything in any way like i mentioned these are just my opinions and things that i think may help you so i hope you take this unsolicited advice positively and i really hope that this helped you moving on to an update on my own only fans account at this point it is second week of july i started the last two weeks of january in about a week i will be doing this for exactly six months and in that time i have made drumroll please forty thousand dollars almost to the dot today of course this is my gross income which is you know what i've made only fans takes out 20 which puts me at around 32 000 which is still insane not to mention it's only been six months i got a question on my last only fans video asking how much i make average per month and at the time i really didn't know because every single month was different every single month was more and more and more now i'm starting to notice a pattern so for the last three months i believe i've made around 7 000 per month that seems to be my average right now of course you know things like always are growing bigger and bigger so that may change but for the last three months or so it's been about 7k give or take could be a little more it could be a little less right now i'm at about 4 000 for the month and i'm about two weeks in so if i go at this rate i will hit a thousand for july which is insane i've received almost 500 fans accumulatively throughout these last six months and i am still wavering in the one percent of creators kind of fluctuating between 1.5 1.6 sometimes it goes up to 2 if i'm not selling as much content as the previous week or if i'm having a good week it'll be like 1.3 but that's an update on my only fans account yes i'm still doing it that's how much i'm making the sun is moving everywhere now i always include a personal update on my only fence account and my only fans videos so stay tuned for the next one and we'll see how growth is going and all of that but i really hoped everything in this video helped you if you have any other questions or things that you think i may have forgotten please comment them down below and make sure that you're cut up and have seen the previous only fans videos that i've made as well as checking out my merch down below and following me on instagram for more details on that promo so all that being said though i hope you enjoyed this video and have a wonderful rest of your day i'll see you real soon with my next bye i was so hurt and upset that i never gave him another chance [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [9 likes]: Don't forget, if you're planning to sign up for onlyfans, please use my link!! https://onlyfans.com/?ref=18779765 ❤️
  2. @stephaniereynolds1033 [1 likes]: Steph_rey276
  3. @Joycelove994 [1 likes]: Do you offer one on one consults? I am so confused on how to get started and I've tried making posts and I get flagged, I want some training or a session, I'm not sure how to find a mentor! Lol let me know if you have kind of training, I would happily pay to have you as a mentor
  4. @اوليفراودو: hello
  5. @NOBODYZER0MOBILE: I've never been on only fans and never will any woman selling nudes is not a woman I wanna see naked period good luck in 10 years when u can't take the pictures down
  6. @messorium8520: OF: turtlebaby9 
Just starting out
  7. @CandieKinkie: OF  CandieKinkie ❤️‍🔥
  8. @Muthonitessy: @cocomamu
  9. @fabianodocarmo7501: Vc e top
  10. @SmarAl-c2c: Americans ☕️, don’t normalise this ..do what u want but don’t advertise this to others ppl it’s disgusting
  11. @AdriannaNellis: Why doesn't anybody tell the truth about onlyfans? They charge you to be on there. You, when you first start out, you have to pay to go on there
  12. @lighttightandtan3182: Im so confused ..thanks for the vid
  13. @AmberMcCarthy-q3w: I have promoted everywhere that I have and still nothing 🥺
  14. @susiewatts1982: Are you still doing Onlyfans please ? Xx
  15. @Wavecattt: Do you have some advice for feet content sharing on your paid onlyfans main page? Is it best to send free feet content every day or just 1 or 2 a week and send everyday 2 ppv messages?


Do you send them messages without pics/vids for free of do they pay?

I am new at this and 0 followers i just begon last week🙈
Your vids are very helpful thank you so much!
  16. @All_Things_Pretty: Do y’all show your face in your content or just neck down? I wanna start but worried about ppl recognizing me….
  17. @sebastianarcila5604: hope to get suscriber soon started my only fans 2 months ago
  18. @toddcribbs6844: That's good always be discreet
  19. @toddcribbs6844: You have a beautiful smile
  20. @toddcribbs6844: Don't worry I have a friend on a only fans she is very nice

- Onlyfans Creator Guide to REDDIT | OF without a following | dailyjune: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is not really ava and today is my six months only anniversary so i am finally giving the reddit guide that everyone asks for i can't actually show a lot from reddit because it's really not appropriate for youtube but feel free to go to reddit and the gist of reddit in case you don't know at all is a website where you can post photos and text and they have something called subreddits which are groups that people make for everything and anything uh if you're into it and you think it's insanely niche chances are actually it's not that insane and there's a subreddit with hundreds of people already in it who also love that thing possibly thousands um so it makes it a good selling platform uh because you can post pictures and of course these groups get really r-rated uh reddit doesn't have any policy against nudity or intercourse or anything like that so it's all on there anything and everything and by posting your pictures you get something called post karma and when you comment you get something called comment karma karma goes up when other people upvote so people will either upvote or downvote whatever you post it's kind of like likes and dislikes and so your karma goes up with likes and it goes down with dislikes and both of these are pretty important to get that's because when you go to reddit what you first want to do make your profile and full disclosure i made my reddit profile in advance like a few months before i actually started selling that's because i did a lot of research beforehand but i did immediately make the social media profiles that don't actually take any info on me so i made a reddit i made an instagram i made a twitter and i just let them sit while i decided whether or not i actually wanted to do it and for reddit this is genuinely the best thing to do is to sit and to wait like two weeks before you want to start posting and i recommend this because i never even knew post limits existed and after my last video i got a lot of very upset people messaging me letting me know actually reddit day one is going to review every post you post on that first day um which means it might take hours for it to go up and you'll also have weight limits between posts so you might not be able to post for hours so you can't just get on reddit and post post post if you're starting day one reddit posting now and not you know if you don't want to wait that's up to you you'll just have to deal with time weights which is fine post and take a walk make your lunch have a shower have a wank whatever it is you choose to do in that time sure go ahead i'm just disclosing that it will be a million times easier if you just wait uh two weeks this is also because a lot of reddit groups won't allow you to post if your account is less than two weeks old um that's only because they don't want people trolling obviously they don't want just random accounts they want actual people who mean it this will also apply to groups that have karma limits where you have to have so much karma or so much post karma before you're allowed to post there so be really interactive on reddit but post in groups you can and these first groups that you probably will be able to post in right away will be only fans groups so you'll have your reddit made or you make your reddit and then you'll search i'm just going to talk as though we're all on the app and not on a computer so you're going to make it you signed in and now you're going to search at the top only fans and then hit community and you're going to see lots of communities not just ones with only fans in their name like lingerie women for example always comes up when i search only fans um but you're going to go to the only fans groups and you're going to read the rules you always have to read the rules in every single group because reddit groups are made by individual people they're not you know reddit maintained groups people have made these groups and people moderate these groups people can be lovely and they can be awful so read the rules if you break them once you might get banned permanently and it might have been a huge group that you would have really thrived in and then there's no way to know because you broke the rules so don't break the rules you'll go to an only fans group you'll probably be able to post there right away and you're gonna want your caption to either be basically your of bio like what you're up to or you can keep it really short you can just put your username and your pictures just do not post captions that are like upvote for free nude because it's just not true you can't see who upvotes your post it's also against reddit policy to make any captions that beg for upvotes or ask for up votes in any way so even if the group doesn't shut you down right away reddit eventually will close your account for doing that it's just not allowed it looks bad don't do that also don't ever comment your link on anyone else's post don't try to promote on anyone else's post it's really rude um it doesn't make sense to me to be honest it's not a photo of you why would you put your link there it's yeah when people do that to me i go to their only fans link i block them and then i block them on reddit so yeah don't do it it's common sense it's just etiquette um yeah anyway so you find groups you can post in and then i explain this in my last group i find a girl with something similar to me i go to her page by clicking on her little picture and then i look at the group she posts in so i explicitly say a person about something similar to me and not someone who looks like me because they don't have to look like you to be posting in groups you could also post in so let's say i click on a girl's page and she posts in ebony groups i can't post in ebony groups for obvious reasons but she also posts in you know groups were boobs and curves and thighs and hourglass and you know a body part i never even thought people were into but sure uh and i have those things so i'll click on the first group that i think i would do well in i read the rules and if i meet all the criteria to post i post if i need to include little brackets with f or with oc to state that i'm female it's original content over 18 whatever they say that they need in your caption i put that there and then i hit back and go back to our profile let's say that the next group i click on i i can't post in yet because it says that you need to get verified but it's a lot of people in the group and i want to post there i personally will screenshot the group and i'll join it and then i'll wait until i'm free sometime to you know make a sign with my username the date and the group name and whatever angles they want sometimes they want full body pictures sometimes they need your face sometimes you know they need you to be wearing what you'll generally wear in your in your post um so for me that's normally lingerie and i normally don't do it right away because when i'm posting i normally just want to post quickly so i'll save that i'll go back and then i'll find a group i can post in right away and i repeat this process and my favorite groups i will say are ones that require you to verify that's because you they know it's you so buyers immediately can be certain it's you but you're at least a real person they normally have a lot more followers in groups like that a lot more members a lot more people who are legit who want actual people who want to buy content so normally they're better to join in the long run and it's almost always worth it to verify yourself with a group a lot of groups also will take other group verifications often you'll verify using inger it's an app um you can upload photos there and you can make them private and share them with a link that's the best way to ever send photos on reddit if someone buys a video from you and you're sending video i normally use google drive with a fake email and share overdrive but you'll have to get used to using inger it's really easy you shouldn't have any issues with it i will say groups that require you to post images from ingar i normally don't join and don't bother with unless they're massive because you can't quickly do it and i want to be able to rapid post which means i just use the photo uploader on reddit and i will just continuously go back to that girl's profile and keep posting where she posts until her groups repeat too much or i feel like i'm not getting anything new and then i'll either find another girl by you know going back to an of group or back to one of the groups that i thought i fit really well in and then maybe i will choose a girl who has blue eyes or red hair or pale skin to see where she posts because you you just never know what trait pops and what people like and you might find something you would have never in your life thought of and it works so that's what i do and i find out the best way to find groups and i would say over 75 if not more of my only fan subs comes from reddit or came from reddit so that's kind of the gist of it it's really not hard which is why it doesn't take a long time to explain uh i'm sorry i didn't know about certain limitations when i made my last video that really stumped i think and scared a lot of people away from reddit so that it's not like twitter you can't do it boom boom boom but it's also not like twitter in the way that twitter like i said before really is a bubble you're going to be connecting with other creators which is great but it's a lot harder to get legitimate buyers the same with instagram as it's a lot of fake buyers um so i don't bother i really really focus on reddit yeah uh basically that's the right guide i can give to you it's all algorithm so you can't blame yourself when it's like why are none of my posts getting all these likes because it's not really that up to you try posting at different times try posting different amounts try different groups always try to respond to comments people leave because any sort of comment is algorithm and is going to boost you up so when people comment on your stuff just reply it just gives you that little extra notch um you can figure it out from here champ so now i'll just do a little frequently asked questions about me six month update how much i've made etc on my paid account i have had not at one time but throughout the six months because you can look at who's no longer subbed and it gives you a number at the top to show how many people have ever been subscribed to you and i think on my page it's something around 600 um which is great i'm really proud of that over 600 people or around 600 people paid to see me that's insane i think about that all the time i didn't have a following at all i also want to note that in my six months nobody i know has at least confronted me to tell me that they've seen anything from me on reddit twitter tick tock instagram youtube no one i know has been like i saw you no one has said that to me um and i don't think i'm exactly silent like i will say my of geoblocks my home state and also where my partner's from just because we don't want our old friends looking at us or me so you can do that but obviously i can't do block reddit i can't do a book youtube etc so i am out here and nobody has caught me yet or they haven't told me if they have so hi if you think you know me no you don't um but yeah so people often are concerned about things like that i get questions about that a lot is how do you hide yourself from people finding you well i don't and i just hope and if they're polite they'll say nothing so yes um but this being said at the same time um in six months starting out with absolutely no following i've made 20 grand that's insane like i know that tick tock stars will make one and they'll make you know fifty thousand dollars day one yes okay i can't do that i didn't have a following so it took me six months to make less than half of what you made in a day obviously you pay taxes on that but they built their tick tock for however long or their instagram for however long or they were on a reality tv show or whatever it is they've done they've put the work in just in a different way than i did and i know that i'm insanely lucky and that my experience is not probably the typical experience i know a lot of girls make nothing um so yeah i feel lucky i feel blessed and because of that if someone were to come to me and be like hey real name i saw you and i know what you do i would be like okay and so yeah it's not that you have to be out and proud about it but you can't be ashamed so i'm not ashamed that this is what i do of course i do have the you know i'm an accountant sorry that was really embarrassing i do have that you know this is the job i hide behind and this is the job i tell people i do as a freelancer but if someone were to come to me and say hey we knew each other in elementary and now i know you from this i wouldn't be upset and you need to learn yourself to be comfortable with that i think and to also be like okay i made this amount of money and now i'm comfortable and now i am not so scared to post and i'm not gonna hide as much so yes i i was open about it so i think that's pretty much everything i wanted to say um i'm doing an actual outro this time even though i feel like people click off before the outros i always do but yeah so reddit's easy the guide is not long because it's not hard you'll figure it out i think the two-week weight limit scared a lot of people away from reddit reddit is just as easy if you can post a tweet you can post on reddit and you can find a subreddit if you have ever joined a facebook group like it's not rocket science uh it's basic media literacy you'll figure it out you'll do great just keep going if you don't it doesn't matter if you make two dollars your first month if you get one sub you will if you keep trying get there and success looks different for every person and i also can't ever see myself only doing off as a job i do plan on having a career outside of this because the money is really unstable and i know that i might never make another dollar um and i also know that i'm never going to make 50k in a day that's just not what it's going to be like for me and it's not what it's going to be like for the average person so yeah go at your own pace don't feel bad comparing yourself to what someone else has made just know it could happen uh so yeah that's just my little thing um and i'm planning on maybe making another video about a price guide if people are interested in that because i think a lot of people get confused on or feel feel confused really on how they should price things so i have a really thorough guide that i use on myself that i made looking at lots of reddit groups and googling and various people on twitter and what they just lots of people so i would love to share that to give sort of an idea for those of you who just feel really lost and don't know what your value is and should be so let me know if you're interested in that um yeah bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonja8x [1 likes]: Woah! I’m new to Reddit and been on it for a about a year now but still figuring it out BUT I couldn’t help myself and I HAD to have a quick look at your Reddit and omg you are so fkn gorgeous!!! 😫❤️💯
  2. @metam.2048: If people say "uhmmm I saw you......." just go with "woah what are YOU looking at on the internet!?". If they try belittleing you for showing your body on the internet - just uno reverse them...
  3. @Cwho9ss: M- in my 30s. Just got approved today. Building traction on Reddit. Excited for this journey. I need the bread lol
  4. @1KinkyKween: So if you wait 2weeks you don’t have to worry about post limits?
  5. @alicelawrence7517: 4 years later, how’s this going?
  6. @TheSmokeOnePodcast: Thanks boo ❤️❤️❤️
  7. @FoxiieMistress: amazing you're so real for all of this
  8. @Jenny-thong: do u sell your used clothes u had on ok if u let me no pls
  9. @RealMariaValentine: Omg I created a little following on Reddit with my persona, got my OF going and sent a bunch of messages on Reddit to guys who reached out to me prior. 

Reddit banned me for 3 days 🥺🥺🥺.
  10. @CuriousExplorerTV: i really hate karma on reddit
  11. @realhusky: I guess I need to start an OF, I thought I was ugly
  12. @rabiulahmed3680: Reddit Karma gives videos
  13. @lindokuhlekalolo5377: Hey I'm new just started posting recently and I would appreciate any help or shout out @LadyDoryRules
  14. @mommydaddysexytime-g7f: reddit seems SO confusing to me...I keep going to it but then leave when my head starts spinning trying to figure it out...thx for the info!!
  15. @kayamills2282: I can’t even post videos on Reddit yet so just pics and they take my stuff down and say I violated something wtf am I supposed to do I’m not sending some random moderator three verification pictures
  16. @medicalcorp6629: respect women for more than their body they said...
  17. @JcMykoLabajo: For those who needs redditor, I can help you with it
  18. @bobalooo88: reddit is literally the worst.  You cannot post anywhere if you have no karma (new account).  The only places you CAN post have such little activity, it'll take you months/years to gain enough karma.
  19. @lucyemmah4268: I am a chatter and am looking for a job. Any suggestions?
  20. @therealnoelle1: Thank you!!!!

- Let's Have An Honest Conversation About Only Fans: Kind: captions Language: en hello my dears welcome back to my channel I know I've kind of been all over the place for the last couple of months but we are officially back to a regular upload schedule did you miss me today's topic that I want to discuss with you all is only fans so the reason why I want to talk about Oni fans is because I've noticed that there are a lot of young women who seem to be joining the platform and I think a lot of it is likely motivated by the fact that they're seeing other young women discuss how successful they've managed to be on only fans and the amount of money they've been able to make each month on only fans I'm making 10 grand a month on only fans I was like what the heck get your ass up and work it seems like nobody wants to work these days you have to surround yourself with people that want to work so far this month I made 2540 US dollars November 4 000 October 8 000 September 9000 and August 6 000. because of that I think it is important for us to have a conversation about only fans and the reality of what it can look like to be on only fans because I think that sometimes people only see the more glamorous side of only fans they see that only fans models who are making ridiculous amounts of money a month who are able to travel and have luxurious Lifestyles and so they think that that is what they'll be able to obtain as well if they hop on the platform less is really discussed about the more darker side of only fans or the side that's less glamorous if you will and so that is the purpose of this video is to bring light to more of that side of the platform because I do think that it's important for consent to be fully informed I think that it's important for people to know both the pros and the cons The Good the Bad the Ugly of decisions that they make and what it can look like for them long term so that they don't have to learn the hard way through experience I could already see the comments now patience are you trying to shame only fans workers there are two thought processes that frustrate me about people on the internet the first one is this idea that anytime you try and explain something or try and offer an understanding for something it automatically means that you either condone it or you're trying to justify it which I think is so ridiculous like I can understand why a really hungry person would steal does that mean that I think that stealing is a great thing for people to do no I can explain to you why cancer kills people does that mean that I think that cancer killing people is a Vibe no I think it's important for people to realize that you can offer explanations for something or try and offer understanding for something even if you don't agree with it the second thing that annoys me about the internet is that any time you offer criticisms about something that automatically means that you either are trying to shame it or that you hate it I have a lot of criticisms about people who wear flip-flops instead of practical shoes okay now does that mean that I think that flip-flop wearers should all just be rounded up and thrown into camps yes I'm joking okay I know jokes are illegal now but that was a joke I think people should be allowed to wear whatever Footwear makes them feel the most comfortable even if I personally have concerns about their practicality and their health and safety risks do you know how many accidents and deaths are caused worldwide by flip-flop wearers a lot more than you would think but no one wants to talk about these more pressing issues but anyway enough of that tangent let's actually get into the topic of this video so only fans so for those who don't know only fans is a subscription social media platform it's very similar to other platforms like patreon where you can charge your subscribers money to view your content so you can post any type of content online fans it doesn't have to be explicit or sexual Some people post music content on there cooking videos on there but it kind of blew up in popularity because of the sexual content that people were posting on it and now it's kind of been associated with sexual content so much that if someone says they haven't only fans people automatically assume that that's the type of content that they post subscribers can pay anywhere from five pounds to 20 pounds a month to view content that would be too explicit for say Instagram or other social media platforms and they can also send direct messages to only fans creators and also ask for more personalized content so there are a number of reasons as to why only fans has been appealing to young women the main one being Financial Sky News released an article in August 2022 titled cost of living crisis pushing more women into sex work and unable to refuse dangerous clients the article discussed how due to issues with employment and also due to the cost of living crisis some people's jobs aren't paying them enough for them to sustain themselves so some women have turned to sex work in order to make more income and only fans being one of the main forms of sex work that they're turning to there are many women who may not necessarily be in Desperate Times financially but they will still create only fans accounts usually because they view it as a lucrative job option because they see a lot of only fans models discussing how much money they've been able to make on the platform and so they want to also make that kind of money themselves and so a lot of them think that you know this is essentially a get rich quick scheme men seem to turn to nfts and crypto to get rich quickly women seem to be turning to only fans another appeal that I've heard some people put forward about why only fans is ideal for women is because it gives them the ability to control distribution and it also allows them creative control there are some women who've worked within the mainstream sex industry and they have been open about the fact that they've been in situations where they've been pressured into doing things that they don't want to do during my short stint in porn um they're really extreme acts where what was popular and that's why being the number one performer in the industry at the time everyone wanted to make money off me so they pushed me to do these things and it just gets really extreme like you were saying abusive do I feel like did you ever go through those experiences where you had to do a scene where it was very aggressive and you just felt like yeah I mean I don't want to go into too much detail like honestly some of my experiences are really humiliating for me and I wish that they never happened and so only fans has been seen as a better alternative because to some people it takes the women out of those situations where they could be pressured into doing stuff that they don't necessarily feel comfortable doing so since the financial benefits appear to be the biggest appeal of only fans I think it's important for us to discuss the reality of just how lucrative only fans actually is for an average only fans model so I came across a video by the Creator named Treasures I will be using her Clips throughout this video because I I actually found her video to be very informative and I will also make sure to link it in the description below as well so you can check her out so she herself has worked within the mainstream sex industry as well as on only fans and she was discussing how the money on only fans is not as good as a lot of women think it is the money is not as good as you think it is and you know what for some people maybe high profile people yes there is a lot of money out there but it is hard to make that money and it's not the norm the other thing that's happening is only fans is blowing up right so there is going to be saturation of content creators meaning over time it's just going to get harder and harder it's the same thing we've seen happen not only in amateur porn but in the mainstream porn industry that people had to keep up in their game doing more and more more hardcore content in order to make less money than they were making before this is a reality in the industry the vast majority of women on the only fans don't actually make a lot of money unless they had a following prior so if they had a following on other social media accounts and then they created only fans those are usually the ones who make a lot of money Bella Thorne made news when she made one million dollars within her first day on only fans bad baby also made news when she made over one million dollars within the first night on the platform only fans models have been open about how they dislike when celebrities and high profile influencers join the platform because it makes it even harder for them to compete and make money but if you are just a regular degular schmegular then the likelihood of you making that kind of money is very low Thomas Holland analyzed the economics of only fans and he found that only fans was extremely unequal economically he found that the top one percent of only fans creators make 33 of all of the money and using the genie index he was able to conclude that only fans was more economically unequal than South Africa but most economically unequal country in the world how much money exactly the average only fans content creator makes some have estimated that it's anywhere between a hundred and forty dollars to a hundred and eighty dollars some other sources quoted it being a bit higher so around 160 dollars to two hundred dollars feminist author Louise Perry discussed only fans within her book the case against the sexual Revolution and within it she discussed how the medium only fans Creator only attracts 30 subscribers if they don't have a following from another platform so I guess only fans is kind of like any other social media platform in that it's very very saturated and very competitive so for every one creator that you see doing really well there are thousands who weren't able to however we're only fans and other social media platforms like YouTube differ is in terms of the job prospects if someone creates a YouTube channel and it goes absolutely nowhere then it's not a big deal they can just simply go back to working a regular job whereas with only fans it's a little bit more tricky because if you have naked images of yourself or naked videos of yourself on the internet it could potentially affect your career prospects in terms of what kind of jobs you can go into and what kind of careers you can have especially because now employers care a lot more about your digital footprint and that doesn't just go for only fans content they also care about what kind of things you're tweeting Etc because a lot of them are trying to protect their image and protect their brand another thing to consider about only fans when it comes to job prospects is the longevity of it only fans is not the type of job that you can do for a very long time the main reason being only fans is very very heavily determined by how attractive people find you and so typically younger women are more attractive to men than older women that doesn't mean and of course that if you're an older woman you're not necessarily going to still have a market because the MILF category seems to be quite popular I was trying to find out what is the MILF age and according to male Reddit users the MILF age is 40. so you could still be able to work up until about 40 but that is still a drastically lower age than the average retirement age which is typically around 65. so only fans is definitely not a job that you'd be able to do as long as other jobs piracy happens all the time on only fans only fans creators are regularly having their content screenshot or having their content screen recorded and sometimes distributed to other third-party sites without their knowledge you can get this content taken down though because under you are usually covered under the copyright infringement laws the only problem is you would have to know everywhere where your content has been shared and the likelihood of you being able to know that is not very high so there is always going to be the chance that your content is going to be shared on third-party platforms without your knowledge or shared between people without you being aware of it the Daily Dot released an article titled piracy is constant for only fans creators and there's not much they can do to prevent it within the article they spoke to and only fans Creator who had experienced having her content stolen so what happened was one of her subscribers got angry at her because she didn't respond to his direct message quickly enough and so she believes that in retaliation he was the one who stole her images and shared it across other third-party sites when she'd found that her content had been stolen it had been viewed 200 000 times which is a lot more than she would normally get on her 1000 subscribers on only fans and she states within the article how distressing she found that because she wasn't prepared for that many people to see her content if your content is stolen and shared on a third party site not only do you not get paid for that because it's a third party but also you have no control over who's seeing it so this is something to consider if you are going to try and have an only fans secretly so if you decide that you want to have an only fans but you don't want to tell anyone that you're only fans or you don't want anyone to find out that you're only fans you should be prepared for the fact that that may not be within your control because if someone steals your images and shares it onto a third-party site and it gets a lot of views like hers did there's no ways for you to control who's able to access or see that so there is always the risk that someone you know is going to discover your content so if that's not something something that you are prepared for or that's not something that you would be able to handle that is something definitely to consider if you are contemplating going on only fans having to deal with unpleasant subscribers is hardly uncommon on only fans many have said that sexual harassment is essentially a part of your job description you will have to tolerate men objectifying you and talking to you as if you are nothing more than just a sexual object that exists purely for their sexual gratification because only fans is very transactional they give you money and you perform and you deliver for them what they want and if you don't end up delivering that they can in some cases become quite hostile in more darker cases only fan subscribers have even stalked only fans models and in extreme cases have even murdered them that was the case for only fans model Janae gagnier who was found dead in her Texas home after being strangled by an only fan subscriber he had tracked down where she lived and went to go and see her and then he ended up unfortunately murdering her and then taking his own life as well shortly after he also wrote messages on the wall in lipstick saying I should have stayed in Florida I wish I never loved her and I was used the mirror also released an article discussing how a man had been arrested for stalking and only fans model and hiding in her attic he had been hiding in her attic and he was secretly recording her at night when she was sleeping as well as when she was undressing they knew that because of the images that they found on his phone when they arrested him it turns out that somehow he managed to get access to her keys and then he cut himself a copy so that he could access her property as and when he wanted to now I know what you're thinking patience how did he get the keys listen if I knew I promise you would be the first person I would tell I have no idea if your Google only finds model deaths there's been other stories where only fans models have also been murdered by their boyfriends or by their husbands usually due to jealousy this obviously isn't something that happens all the time I don't think that stalking is something that's limited just to only fans creators I think that anytime you put yourself on the internet and you're able to build a following there's always going to be a chance that some of the people who watch you are a little bit you know cuckoo there's always that risk of stalking which is why I think it's important for you to be very mindful with how much information you share online but I think with only fans I think the reason why it's a bit more extreme to the point of like this kind of stalking and in some cases murder is because compared to tiktok or YouTube or something the type of parasocial relationship you create with the Creator is very different so usually the type of parasocial relationships that people create with YouTubers is more so like friendly whereas with only fans they feel like a digital girlfriend especially because if you remember in my hookup culture is bad for the boys 2 video I actually spoke about how one of the most popular genres on only fans is the girlfriend experience that is exactly what it sounds like women being paid by lonely men to pretend to be their girlfriends so sometimes if if you are having that kind of interaction with someone who maybe struggles to differentiate between fantasy and reality you might find yourself in situations like this because in the first story that I spoke about the woman who was murdered in her Texas home I honestly don't think that he intended to kill her this is my theory as to what probably happened he was interacting with her through only fans having a back and forth you know she was probably giving him the girlfriend experience and he probably started to feel like their connection was more genuine than it actually was so then he then decided that he was going to go and travel across state to go and see her because in his fantasy what was going to happen was he was going to turn up and she was going to oh my God the love of my life has found me and then they were gonna live happily ever Arthur what probably more realistically ended up happening when he turned up to her door was she was like ill and in that moment I think that the fantasy shattered he realized that their relationship was never really a relationship it was always transactional it was artificial intimacy there was nothing genuine about any of the interactions they had had and I think in that moment he probably had like a mental breakdown and strangled her in a crime of passion the reason why I think that is because of all the writings that he put on the wall those writings were very indicative of him spiraling after he'd murdered her very likely like these are the things I were probably going through his head after he killed her I do think there's a conversation to be had about the ethics of the girlfriend experience content on only fans because personally I don't think that it's ethical I don't think it's right to exploit the loneliness of men for profit they're longing for intimacy and connection and I just don't think we're in a healthy Society you guys that this is not healthy it's one thing to be using only fans as like a transactional material platform right but it's another thing to be using it for for intimacy it's very very sad but that's the world we're living in I guess although some women view only fans as better than the mainstream sex industry because of the fact that it gives them more creative control and it gives them control over distribution a lot of funny fans models have actually said that they still feel a lot of pressure from what I've seen it seems as though in the mainstream sex industry you're being pressured by directors on set but on only fans you're being pressured by the subscribers there are subscribers who will send in requests and who will want to get women to do certain things that they may not feel comfortable doing and a lot of women feel pressured to do it in order to appease their subscribers and in order to keep them interested you might get on there and be like you know what I'm only gonna do bikini I'm only going to do lingerie I'm not doing anything more but the sad reality is that there is a dark black hole of demand that is constantly pressuring pressuring pressuring to do more to do more and it's an easy trap to fall into right because you might get a subscriber you might get someone who's paying you at first but once they feel like oh I've already seen everything then they're going to be pressuring you to do more and it's going to be a very difficult thing to keep your boundaries and not push past that and what happens for so many of us is that the money and the pressure gets to us not all of a sudden but sometimes just gradually over time and one day you will wake up and realize that you did more than you ever thought you were that you would and you've gone farther than you ever thought you would I'm sure this is probably the most predictable con about only fans which is that it will have an effect on your dating life dating isn't only fans model is quite challenging I guess to say the least a sex positive as we are most men do not want to date an only fans model if a man is desirable and has options he is not likely going to pick a woman who's on the only fans British only fans model vanilla Fox spoke about this in an interview she said that she loves what she does but it comes at a price and it has ruined her dating life in the interview she detailed how when men find out about her job they expect her to give up sex very easily because of the nature of her work and when she doesn't they lose interest and it seems as though the general common Viewpoint from men when it comes to only fans is that they think that only fans models are fine to play around with but not to actually take seriously if you remember recently I did a poll on my community tab for my own primary research because I am indeed a scientist I am the science because I wanted to know if it made a difference if someone one's only fans was in the past 31 000 of you took part in the poll thank you very much and so the question that I posed was would you commit to someone who used to have an only fans so I did divide the poll between men and women because I wanted to know if there was a difference in attitudes towards dating only fans models between men and women based on the results of the poll it doesn't seem as though there's a big difference between men and women when it comes to their openness to dating only fans models so I was reading some of your comments as well to kind of get an idea as to why people wouldn't want to date the only fans models and so some of the interesting responses I got were dating and only fans model is an instant no for me that's not because sex workers are less than it's simply because we view intimate moments differently someone else said I'm African South African to be specific so perception from my community as well as my family is of great importance if my girl hadn't only fans and it was known my family's reputation would be negatively impacted and someone else said as a woman if I found found out that my man is or has been promiscuous that would be an immediate turn off and another person said if I didn't want to have children I would but because I do I can't kids can be so cruel in school and when your parent has naked images of them all over the Internet you're a walking Target So based on the comments that I saw under that post it seems like the most common reasons as to why people would be uncomfortable dating and only fans model boils down to difference in values so how the person views intimacy there are some people who would just prefer to date someone who views sex as more of a private and more intimate experience as opposed to a commodity that can be shared with the public and the second main reason was very reputation based so a lot of them cared about you know how that would appear to the general public to their family to their community and also the long-term effects they would have on their children and so the final issue that I'll be discussing about only fans is trauma so there are a lot of psychological tolls that come from doing sex work whether you're in the mainstream sex industry or whether you're on only fans the first is the effect it has on your body image so women who have worked within the mainstream sex industry or have worked on only fans have noted that you do need to have quite thick skin because one of the things that happens is that subscribers feel as though they have the right to critique every inch of your body this is also the reason why a lot of women within the sex industry end up getting a lot of plastic surgery because they're always trying to maximize their um their profitability their marketability that is something that can in some cases have a long-term effect on people's self-esteem another issue that a lot of women who only fans have is that they struggle to have healthy relationships with men and one of the biggest reasons for this is because they interact with some of the worst men these women would be interacting with men who were married and have subscribed to their only fans behind their wives back they will be interacting with men who are entitled who objectify them they will be regularly interacting with men who sexually harass them who send them the most degrading sexual requests so naturally because you're going to be interacting with some of the worst men in society it can kind of warp your perception of men it's kind of like if you've ever worked in a call center like a customer service call center it's very easy for you to think that the company you work for is the worst company in the world because all you ever hear is complaints even though the complaints that you have only accounts for maybe like five percent of customers but 95 of customers are usually very happy because you don't interact with those ones you only interact with the ones who call in to complain it's very easy for you to think that the company is so bad and the kind of the same applies for only fans if you interact with the worst types of men it's very easy for you to think that all men are like that so a lot of only fans models end up developing a lot of trust issues and so that can have a detrimental effect on your relationships this also affects women's ability to pair bond because if you you're very guarded and you don't trust men and you have all of these negative views about men it's going to be very hard for you to actually allow yourself to connect and build a bond with someone there's also data that shows that women who work within the sex industry are much more likely to develop psychological issues down the line especially PTSD here's why starting not only fans was the worst decision I made in my life I did not realize that I was literally selling parts of my soul and the money could have never made it worth it I just wish that someone would have warned me and told me that I was going to be later experiencing PTSD from the sexual trauma and the experiences that I was subjecting myself to on a daily basis I did not know that I would later need to be in trauma counseling it brought me into way darker places than I ever could have imagined and I never want to go back there I wish I could go back in time to who I was before I started doing all that stuff and just tell myself that the money is not worth it keep your happiness and that's all I want to tell any girl who's thinking about starting an account I just hope I can save even just one girl from going through the pain and the trauma that I am now going through because I subjected myself to that for the last couple years there was actually a really good Tech Talk account called profit from trauma I'll also link her in my description box as well where she talks quite candidly about her experience within the sex industry and also experiences of other women who she also met while she was doing sex work I find her videos quite interesting and quite informative I will be linking all of the videos that I showed within this video in my description box if you wanted to watch them in their entirety and with that I will bring this video to a close if you made it this far into the video then you may as well like And subscribe I am also on other socials if you'd like to check me out on there and I also make music if you want to hear that I will put links to that as well in my description box I would also like to know what your personal views are on only fans like what do you personally think about the platform so do let me know down in the comments I am interested to read as always thank you very much for giving me your time today and I will see you on Wednesday [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @qwertyrobbo101: To the women who say 'I wish I hadn't done this, I wish someone had warned me about it'. we did and you called us insecure incels
  2. @aporue5893: ''YA NASTY.'' -raven simone
  3. @aporue5893: '' their moms are on it'' poor kids,so embarassing for them!
  4. @parryjrtimothytwo: I don't wanna hear it anymore, you chose to do the job, whether it be porn or OF/porn or both. No one is making you do that in most cases and a lot of stars enjoy and love what they do in the industry and aren't broken people, they just love having relations in front of a camera, they really do and also in most cases, they'll never, ever live it down.
  5. @jdoghollywoodundeadfp1787: If i had picked a girl from of because they are still humans
  6. @americankid7782: I am proud to say that I have never spent any money on OnlyFans. 
Well, except for that one time. But it was Markiplier so it was worth it.
  7. @Skater901: AS A FLIP-FLOP (or thongs, as we call them in Australia) WEARER I AM HIGHLY OFFENDED. I also don't believe you about the deaths world wide from flip flops; are you saying Big Flip Flop is covering up the truth?!
  8. @Jimitrious: I was in a relationship with a beautiful young women and after 3 years we broke up.
We still loved each other so after a couple of months we stsrted seeing each other again... it was then she revealed that she had stated an onlyfans account to make money.
I pretended that i was ok with it, so she showed me the money she was making and how easy it was.
I felt sick and never felt pain like it in my life.
The woman i love is now prostituting herself. It all ended.
She sctualy thought it wss ok.
  9. @thecrampler100: It is IMPOSSIBLE to feel bad for women like this: 13:27

Like WTF are you doing
  10. @KENTAURUS-ff9yh: Superman
  11. @Shakicast: A lot of women who go into sex work were already dealing with mental health issues. It’s a chicken and an egg situation. Anyways, okay, hear me out, what if we started encouraging porn from couples and people that are genuinely enjoying themselves? I am an online adult content creator and I try to focus on my own pleasure and portraying it online. I think it’s important to see people who like to have sex and enjoy each other as well. Porn can definitely have a dark side but I don’t think it’s so black and white, I think there is a healthy way to make and watch it
  12. @nymphinthewind: sigh. opinions opinions opinions from girls who are ill informed and have never had any experience with online sw. girl anayway
  13. @basilhenry-eyo6522: Fr... OnlyFans models will always have a bad perception of men and that is why OnlyFans is terrible to society. It is also a warning to younger females because models also experience trauma and PTSD.
  14. @basilhenry-eyo6522: Exactly, doing OnlyFans takes a significant toll on your dating life.
  15. @basilhenry-eyo6522: You are so right about the theory, it makes sense and very sad because he thought they had a genuine connection!
  16. @basilhenry-eyo6522: Exactly, that is the problem, we have gotten so used to seeing sex workers on OnlyFans that we assume that is the only people who use OnlyFans.
  17. @WastelandPuppy: One thing I'd like to add is how normal predatory and manipulative business practices are on Onlyfans. I have bought content and chatted with some models. No sexting or "girlfriend experience", basically just small talk. Regular conversations are quite rare, most models will hire agencies and networks which will handle most of their interactions with customers. Severely overpriced content, misleading content decriptions and all kinds of psychological tricks (for example FOMO, alleged "exclusive prizes" and "bonus gifts", all that nice stuff) are the norm. Onlyfans as a company doesn't seem to have any regulations or policies on how models treat customers, there is no way to get refunds whatsoever, and apart from distributing actually illegal content models are basically free to do and say anything they want.
  18. @Coffee42-k2g: Only fans 😷😷😷
  19. @tlflowers85: Flop life! We steadi flopping while you flipping.
  20. @kenonerboy: Selling your body aka selling thirst traps on OF: bad

Selling your body by being a model :"good"

Selling your body to a company doing manual labour until your body breaks down due to overwork while the company doesnt give u any compensation:GOOD

99% of these pressures arent exclusive to onlyfans. Every digital creator faces piracy models also get plastic surgery and do more than their comfortable with. Having issue finding a partner/ family issues are because of the attidues we have toward sexwork. Besides, noone is entitled to a partner right? Its what you tell incels, so why is it different here? There are sexworkers which are completely fine with the job and enjoy doing it. Theres nothing inherently wrong with sexwork and plenty of 1st world countries think so aswell.

- Onlyfans judgement and Tips dating online: Kind: captions Language: en Hey goodbye I prepared future husbands I have drifts in place Town for against organized to mitigate lightly choose him Sports brings Last Night I wake up in park with the first fights and in the 8 cm tray here cries feed someone else but the second the second that Nemo in my my that would be Kid Bravo native my with saint poetes as I see that absolutely falls I took a we have you know we have enough fun or start new riwax you give kiss Pa man a part here disease beige ugly that pa Oli fennsik to a Wall is to chat page you of an a new fund cocoa bet photo trees have to go look in meaning my and a rhythm employed or extra long Cast m s q creatsa mode found Elijah either mode or abuse Nike of boeuf liked my feet you cova took and I for years Kinder Neva maybe I'm looking for him well in the palm we protect at mother at infinity towards sunrise was at the doctor leave for matins Ev the second had a store online lingerie store Tempera button weakened across the border was lived who was successful long time another wordpress.com that the Truth is taken water with SIM insert now this I wanted How to the home wash yourself mohrr m is not things that can be modified oful please hofgut Sleep I could still refrain moment so much wood ice accessory without getting a be fear Touch and then you can love is alone you Ignat alone a like and until the coat allergies or for climbed drank a little I from purple of new protests you can't Strange Offensive this guide attentive in here purple after Ion called alone through you Yes mekdad son an incoming training tennis field and going to each of you to a God of War IKEA cococi wekan icloud.com from attentive should said I'm going with her to everything m other with exactly I'm ugly from you repeater August three eyes we'll find here to place less at the old man I was standing in front of neither The Lost my Market and white and the Beast show my teacher at Houston My love is your IP man foot I have battery I wanted to do and other Volkswagen was if you Click on White of tablets We have code Vasile Dumitru editions say quickly well you where is and the foot on 9 lite My Talking Tom 2 are and please I'll be at Ghiuri face Trump and an object no cement of should be you can be download Talking Tom Hack wild tali If I don't like it down codecheck vapez know Explain the phonetic role of usually to be beautiful find the sum knowing that the sum the next day being appropriate romaniatv.net puff yes Come finally and George Libra come night perfect over the tricks Moni aspects included in the new onișor and methods and a second find here appear panties.with man cult and naked of the face like a still looking for boots nor hormonal fanfic Drift by Klaus Sebi Stay quiet Beyond which Can Be all about you song a plan when you have time can you software gen8 a foot what disease have you projects we try the assembly test and I was I was driving rhythm second creates the mode a you were you were not Or we liquid note before bouts new full pancake abuse or through a mine is more fresh more regardless what a season taught me of water maticiuc psychotherapist to be yes I had something Mommy can Maia olifant Midnight PMP Project of that please write this that the mode one part came a year is invaluable noun harlan Ford in Africa add have after more you nose Cut cut face keep Walking on the following points of my life and he can be a One am new happy and to come me Come [ __ ] me in the head again smoke come ok they met in the way in your part to be at the cabin Secu budget system authors were really not have but fame sweetheart No files pipa established mode infants with me and nights something else than a lack was tricky now them Find out whether I Click on the boy who don't cha element took place is and the glasses and 2 office pink a piloiu from the same ears and biblical provoke so take Sports Mircea of if you're right in the middle He made a pee directbooking.ro It is sought to take any Life sell public It is trivial Yes I have thoughts the fact that I [ __ ] and will be online under easy at eMAG Buzau Expo guide can see or I have a unique system for cancer patients treatment regardless of what a [ __ ] [ __ ] an alley Botta usual a who pice If I take your fans Can you please drink pancakes of success glue fo of How to make another soft the same another pair ny.ro media I could fix this local policemen you could forget now man let's create type carbine Knife as so it will stop being boil until no difference top coat can conclude tricks Income is alone It's a space seven Well I kept and Giurgiu taxi merchandise elevation I make mommy's pleasure that I have here web this gave of Project giftig rhythmic movements feedback I folio Small banal of of Any feedback humira functions Pony mommy is kind I make it be good share close me8 bold french guy who is to give What is being recent or perfect and new girls and give me symbolism business let's go of People named these and give you apply it to me I am sleep my habit a where can I get indeed.ch from the blog tout entier suav both a poet iPhone Yes it's simplistic and supports fanatic Pustan Jesus media to eat offer drive mediamarkt.de Swap immobilizations and Mountain Bike break Actually I will be drinking Kino live distribution neither on website sunrise see consciousness put in fridge end software nights as it was possible road we have a place that I did nothing not divide conflict by baking notes until him if he admits forget that you are too many figures in Egypt Lebanon Yes I know I think you said that existence in air at SC a 9th I observe and know Green club give fond of if you like and foot place Gumball at Forever time like head vaccine new on they pushed towards trying so if of the gift of the fall of the republic the Sand attended the Boss me enough to a change little media candy keep you all about it will keep us and long enough sell Nike Elite lateral and you but rather baptism of son band made again new love you could change over average of Livada energy suav stupid love Stoica us you tagged I liftissime hand we know beija [Music] more efficient home and food time and lift this thing OnePlus One x supra le or or 8.6 a it Consulting am here to stay alone air Tiki and I hope to our again final I continued and here I am Mircea mihaies image mti.hu son hypnotique in the field so that they no longer have to be in over their heads kite meaning or give me a call in excl where you get me all to yourself subscribed You can't live my message cabinetul pic autocomo trees such as either to them we offer you can find on Skype to be at Exact you have

- Top 5 ONLYFANS tips for beginners (How to make thousands as a beginner): Kind: captions Language: en hi welcome back to my channel I'm Rebecca and this is my second video so if you have not seen my first video go back to my Channel watch that one first and then come back to this one I talk about why I started our only fans and how much money you can make in your first few months and why you should make one too with having zero following in this video I'll talk about five tips for beginners on only fans and what you need to know getting started these are things that I wish I would have known day one okay so the first tip is to not post all of your content for free on Reddit so when you first make an only fans one of the main ways that you can promote your only fans is on Reddit you can do this because Reddit is a very different social media and I think it's harder for people that you know to see your content on Reddit however you're going to be seeing a lot of different information from different women saying how much you should post on Reddit and how much you shouldn't posted on Reddit and I have learned from experience it is best to not over share on Reddit and don't post all of your content only post a few images that you are okay with everybody seeing on Reddit you'll see women posting fully explicit content on Reddit and you'll say well if that works for them it must work for me but I think it's best to not give away all your content on Reddit only post content that you are comfortable with everybody seeing in post fully clothed photos or photos in lingerie on Reddit and promote that way you're going to find different pages and you can find pages that are appropriate for those type of content and just post those same pictures on Reddit do not give away free content because if you're giving away so much free content then it's going to be harder for men to want to subscribe to your paid page okay so my second tip would be to promote on Tinder if you are a beginner that does not have a large social media following and you may be a little bit shy about posting on Tick Tock or not know what to post on Tick Tock or maybe you're posting on Tick Tock but your videos are not getting any views I think it's a great idea to just start small and promote on Tinder this way people who maybe you don't want to see your videos on tick tock to see you can just more discreetly promote on Tinder so what you're going to do is just make a Tinder as you normally would and post some of your best photos that you have on Instagram and then you're just going to match with every every man and then that's up to you from there if you want to message anyone I think it's okay with just having your Instagram and your bio have your Instagram on your Tinder profile and then the men will come to you they'll click on your Instagram and then you'll have your link Tree on your Instagram and then you're gonna get subscribers that way personally I don't message any men sending them my link on Tinder but what you can do is if they message you on Instagram and then you're not responding they're probably gonna reach out again they're gonna try to talk to you if you're not responding then you can just send them the link and say hey I respond quicker on here and then send them their link to your exclusive content and that's what works for me but if you are comfortable messaging them and getting more fans that way I'm sure that it would work well and I found that this is a way to get loyal fans I found that men who find you attractive on Tinder then they're going to want more they're going to subscribe to your exclusive page and they're gonna ask for more photos and they're going to be loyal fans so I find that this is a way to promote for beginners if you're not big on Tick Tock or you don't have a large following anywhere else it's easy to just get a few followers from Tinder okay so my next tip my third tip would be to make sure as soon as you set up your only fans the next thing you're gonna do is make sure you have your welcome message set up so when creating an only fans you can set up a welcome message so as soon as you get a new fan they're gonna automatically get a welcome message from you and you want to make sure that you have paid content in that message and most of the time men they're gonna subscribe to your page and then they're also going to pay for that welcome message so then that's an easy way that you can make 10 more dollars every time somebody subscribes so do that right away so you're not missing out on anything and that message can say whatever you want you can say hey I'm new to only fans let me know what you want to see let me know what you like and let me know where you found me from so that that's a way that you can see where you're getting your new fans from and then you'll know where you should be posting more and what's working for you and that message can be anywhere from five dollars fifteen dollars mine's ten dollars I think that ten dollars is a good price and when sending messages make sure you're always responding with a message so with a question so ask them tell me more what would you like to see so that they respond and then they'll tell you what they want to see and then that's another way to keep the conversation going and getting them to spend more money so the more you're talking the more they're going to be spending and then that's more messages that you can send them in pay-per-view okay so my next tip tip number four would be to interact with all of your fans remember that these are paying customers so you want to make them happy you want them to keep their rebuild on so you need to be friendly you need to be nice you need to talk to everybody so when somebody messages you don't ignore them always respond and respond with a question keep the conversation going so what I do and I would recommend doing every time I get a new fund they're automatically going to get the automatic message but I also think it's best to send them a personal message send them a message that they know is personally from you because they're getting a lot of automatic messages so send them a message using their name so that's directed towards them and just say thank you so much for subscribing I'm so happy you're here and just try to keep the conversation going so send a personal message to every new fan if they have a profile where they're more discreeted it doesn't say their name or is this a funny nickname or just user and the numbers then you can ask them what's your name what would you like me to call you and that just sounds very personal and they're definitely going to respond to that and that's the goal you want them to respond you want them to be talking this will make you seem more likable more personable and this is going to make them more attracted to you more familiar with you they're going to be wanting to talk to you they're going to want to keep their rebuild on and that's the goal you want more subscribers with their rebuild on so that they engage in the conversation and you can build a connection with them and the longer they're there the more they're going to spend okay so my fifth tip and my final tip for beginners and this is an easy one you're going to want to like all of your own posts on only fans it is more discreet so you can't see who likes your posts or who likes anyone else's posts so you're going to want to like all your posts at the top of your page there is going to be a small bar with analytics and the more likes you have the more your page is going to seem popular and you want people to people are going to want to subscribe to a page that has a lot of likes has a lot of Engagement so it's easy to just like all of your photos and it just adds more likes at the top of your page more analytics and it's good for beginners because if your post has no likes which may be at the beginning because not a lot of men are going to be liking the posts they're going to want to be more discreet and not accommodating so just like the post and you're going to have more engagement at the top of your page and then we'll see that and your page will look more fun more engaging and you're going to get more fans if a new subscriber a new potential subscriber goes to your page and they don't see that you have a lot of content or a lot of likes they may not want to buy your page because it looks like it's not an active page so you need to just easily like all of your posts so those are my top five tips for beginners who have just made their only fans page and they want to make thousands of dollars a month they want to quit their job we can do this and good luck to everyone out there and you can also reach out if you have any questions you can follow me on Instagram I'd be happy to help if you haven't made your page yet you can do that using my referral link I would really appreciate that I don't take any of your money the money that I would get from that only comes out from the cut from only fans so we can all just help each other out thank you so much and please subscribe this is only my second video so I'm still getting used to this I'm still learning but I'd love to keep making videos and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Feetthrills [12 likes]: Absolutely you’re spot on. As a brand new Redditter and OnlyFans creator I wonder we’ll if they’ve got all these explicit content, what are they selling on their private page🤷🏽‍♀️
  2. @SindisoGenge [7 likes]: How can I join and be a creator anonymously. What is the best step by step process.
  3. @bonnieleeweiss [6 likes]: I’ve just created my page and I was just wondering what’s the best way to set up the profile with the photos etc?
  4. @bonnieleeweiss [3 likes]: This was very helpful thank you
  5. @Rose-w9k9f [2 likes]: Tinder is such a good idea! Thank you x
  6. @vanci1111 [2 likes]: Your so cute !!
  7. @innas.properties [1 likes]: Does Tinder allow that?
  8. @erfanpoison7618 [1 likes]: how's your father's disappointment?
  9. @TheCalvinHackett [1 likes]: Thank you for the information you provided. Very helpful.
  10. @HaileyNadine [1 likes]: How to I put on the money for messages to let ppl pay to message me
  11. @fotofan9795: Better read Influprofit if you want to incrrase your profit
  12. @LonelyFanss6: Top 5 tip OF fr
  13. @TheRealAvaaBunny: just wanted to say hi and see how your day’s going
  14. @DTHRILLS.DANIEL.THRILLRIDETV: Cool channel
  15. @familiacosmica777: Fantastic information you rock thank you 👑💕👑
  16. @guranjeleffue1577: But why seriously why come on lady please stop making this stuff its wrong, kids are getting addicted to this stuff seriously theres no age restriction. Please stop your feeding of peoples vulnerabilitys and addiction. Seriously please this life is not for you. you dont deserve to be seen as a sexual tool your a human being worthy of love and respect.
  17. @Stella-e6b6j: Thanks for the tips!!!
  18. @Stella-e6b6j: Thanks for the tips!!!
  19. @Stella-e6b6j: Thank you for these tips 🙏
  20. @martasouso8244: @mf4you thank you sweatie

- Onlyfans verification for couples, how to, AND have up to 4 paid subscription pages.: Kind: captions Language: en so you want to start and only fans as a couple with your spouse or girlfriend honestly i wouldn't recommend girlfriend maybe more so your spouse that way nobody can just turn tail and run when money starts pouring in because you're going to love this because i'm going to show you how to not only make a only fans account as a couple easy breezy but also have up to four accounts and still fall within the legal terms of service of only fans okay first and foremost you need to start from scratch just stop everything and just start from scratch create an email with your only fan's name okay second create a twitter with your only fan's name third create an instagram with your only okay the reason being is because you're going to want to use twitter and instagram for advertisement okay uh we we do this and it's still a little bit rocky for us with the advertisement on instagram and twitter because uh a lot of you may already know we have uh we started out on posting videos on pub okay and um that's a free to view venue okay we any anybody can go there and view our content while our exposure got immense from there we have almost 16 000 followers i think on p hub uh with about eight million video views um and we've never even had any videos featured okay we're making money from that too so look into that uh i can provide you a uh url or a link for a referral so that to fast track you on to p hub and you can start making money that way too um talk about that on another video okay but back to the only fans okay so we had a little bit of trouble with that since we were on a free to view venue but once we realized that people still want to see us in a manner that where we can chat um where they can buy custom videos because as a lot of you know bob p hub isn't accepting credit cards and you can't sell anything on there anymore okay um the whole thing with visa and mastercard but um they come over there so that they can have chat uh uh uh buy custom videos buy panties um polaroids um all sorts of things you know um it turns out there was much bigger marking on that we had that that we thought there would be so we went ahead and we got on board um long story short we had a hard time getting verified okay and the reason being is because we were a couple okay um because our name was couple next door and we registered as a couple we had to verify as a couple okay and only fan makes that difficult because they do not outline in any way how to do this okay you have to have a picture of both of your ids but they only give you an option to be able to upload one photo okay you have to have a picture of both of you holding your ids but they only give you a place to upload one photo if you only upload a photo of one of you and an idea of one of you they'll deny it okay we found this out uh we we tried to get verified probably six or seven times and we kept getting booted out once we figured out that you know okay you take a picture of both of you together standing next to each other with your id's up okay in one photograph and you lay down both of your ids together and you take a picture of that in one photograph which i mean that's pretty obvious we figured that part out pretty quick the other part was the links they need alternative verification links so that they can verify you're a real person that's where your joint twitter and instagram and facebook come into play okay you need one of you need to create a new facebook okay and uh either that or just add your name to it you know like we changed ours to uh uh mine was dante last name i chained it to dante darla last name and kept it original they don't look at that they don't post that nobody's ever gonna see it that is only for verification purposes so you can feel confident with that okay go ahead and use that one but as far as your twitter and your instagram goes use your new ones your joint also use your new joint email that keeps everything in line keeps it out of your other email it makes it very easy to keep track of everything okay um now here's where it gets fun once we got verified within only a couple hours after using that method we started reading the terms of services and realized that we can have two only fans pages per person okay so when we first started up our only fans page we put it in my name okay and then the verification process the i9 and all that stuff comes our i-99 and all that stuff that comes to me in my name we started a second page from scratch using the same verification photographs the same verification links but we started it in darla's name okay so per the terms of service you're only allowed to have two only fans pages per creator even though we were performing as a couple we were verified as a couple we're only listed as a creator on one a single creator on the page she's listed as a single creator on her page she was able to create a second page and i was able to create a second page now we have four linked streams of revenue coming from only fans that fall within the terms of service and they won't boot you for it so uh i i mean i hope you take that information and use it because we're all in here together i want to see you guys make money i i hope you want to see me make money and so you know it's like you scratch my back and i'll scratch yours you know and that being said uh i'm gonna provide links at the bottom of this to be able to uh they're in the comments however i gotta figure that out this is my first video um on youtube so i gotta figure out how to do that yet but i'm gonna put links in the comments or in the description with our p hub both are free to subscribe and are paid to subscribe only fans okay and uh we'll get into in another video because we will be making more videos i want to tell you about uh p hub i want to tell you about our um our success of our only fans we've only been doing it for going on four weeks now we've had only fans up and we've made over two thousand dollars there's people out there that make a lot more uh in their first month but uh we're not we're not adult entertainers we're warriors and exhibitionists and we just found out that we enjoyed liking to uh uh put our videos up on p-hub and it it did wonders for our drive and our lust for each other and and our our our sex life you know i mean so we we got on board with that and then one thing led to another and we found out that we can make money at this and we start doing it so we're we're pretty much virgins to the whole uh only fans and making money and tips and uh and and how to work for tips and things like that neither one of us have ever worked in a uh an entertainment club let's put it that way so um we're gonna document our journey uh we're gonna let everybody watch it there will be more videos to come on um on how to on how we're learning how to get tips and uh how we're learning how to um uh advertise with uh different venues like our twitter and our instagram and we're also using reddit um we don't post on our facebook uh but we post on all the rest of those and things have been going well we could use a little bit of help on that but um and so with that being said if anybody if any marketing people want to get a hold of us check out our stuff we're we're we're we're fresh to be molded and i think you'd appreciate that so check us out let's see if we can make some money together i'm on another note we're always looking for uh collaborators uh so if anybody's you know in the east coast usa looking for uh people to collaborate with say hi visit our pages and say hi that pretty much about covers it except for i really hope that you uh give this video a thumbs up um and that it helped you and that you subscribe to my new channel um we're gonna have lots of cool content up here we're gonna um darla and i are also gonna be doing everyday stuff on this so um you know her hobbies you know we do fish tanks and you know this and then we're gonna do maintenance videos and stuff on that too so i hope there's something here for everybody but mainly i hope this video helped couples that are trying to get involved with only fans and that want to make the most money that they can with using four accounts uh just remember you know when you first start signing up sign up with one spouse's name and then verify as a couple okay and on the second count sign up with the other spouse's name verify as a couple with all the same information uh you may have to start another a second email for that i'm not sure we did so i'm not sure but uh again oh i i hope to see you again and i hope you guys come by and watch our videos pretty good um and uh i don't know ciao

  Top Comments:
  1. @demetriusdupont9228 [1 likes]: My wife and I need your help setting up
  2. @XGenhondatech [1 likes]: Hey so do you need a couples Instagram? Or if they see the wife's ig with me on her ig will that work? Or do you need to create a ig for the couples onlyfans? I read there needs to be posts with the both of you on that said Instagram.... Is that true?
  3. @Plant_bae_tv [1 likes]: Ahhh thankyou so much!! We have been rejected countless times, now we have the answer!! This was golden 💪💪
  4. @crippledtalk [1 likes]: Can I verify for myself and let my wife be on my account? Or do we absolutely have to verify together
  5. @The_Gypsy_Harts [1 likes]: Thank you for this me and the wife been getting denied over and over! Can you help me get the OF to grow?
  6. @randy7418: Did you mean user name or our real names?
  7. @payasita777: thank you
  8. @demetriusdupont9228: Thanks so much
  9. @spicykim430: Thank you for info!  We are a bit late to the party but jumping in anyway.
  10. @GunHudson: Can you answer specifically what needs to be uploaded into which area?

I have put my name in the first details part
> my ID in the ID submission 1st area
> me holding my ID in the holding photo submission 2nd area
> picture of a printed & signed release document + photo of both ID's + photo of both of us holding our ID's in the 3rd upload area

and I've tried a few different combinations of this that I could think of but still gettgin rejected
  11. @omertalhadogan5467: Only4feet  90% of profit and not ban
  12. @muhammetadag8431: Only4feet I see many girls
  13. @efetongel: only4feet seems better
  14. @mehmetcanyldrm5840: Only4feet works the same as OF but with more features and 90% profit
  15. @furkancalskan7420: Only4feet earn 90% the registration is simple and they don't ban
  16. @nazlcancinklc8761: only4feet much better no ban and 90%  is like OF
  17. @bolkankayar2849: yes better only4feet 90 % and really they don't ban
  18. @VegasDaniDee: I have to know how it is that all these home made vids of people hooking up from grndr and in the park or in a car etc with various people and strangers, you are telling me that all those random hookups provided I'd and signed releases? There's thousands if random hookups videos of random hookups so how is that working? It's a serious question!!
  19. @teamsammy44: Hello. I would love to get ahold of you!!! Me and my fiancee decided to start an onlyfans. I am only on day 3 of research phase. I found your video extremely helpful. We also live on the east coast.
  20. @jasong5430: Hey! Is it possible for myself to be a co performer on multiple girls accounts? I can't find information on this anywhere

- How I Made $200,000+ on OnlyFans WITHOUT Showing EVERYTHING: My BIGGEST TIPS, Advice, Hacks + MORE!: Kind: captions Language: en guess who's back welcome back to my channel Luna you have no idea how exciting this is only fans content 2023 let's go no the title isn't click bait or scam back in January 2020 I started my only fans account on a whim with no idea what was about to explode but my life very quickly changed and I found myself being a top zero percent Creator on the only fans platform this success didn't happen overnight but with consistency I soon began to make about 15K monthly on the platform with a grand total of over two hundred thousand dollars made within the last two to three years part of me has no idea how this even happened and the other part of me understands it was a combination of a lot but broken down into my best tips here's how I think I did it foreign [Music] welcome back I am so excited to be making this video This is my first only fans related like dedicated video since December 2021 I think I took a very long break and I'm sure many of you are familiar so I won't spend too much time talking about that but I'm so excited to be back and talking more about updated only fans advice tips and my progress with you so much has changed we have so many updates to get through and I want to hear about your updates as well because I do keep up with like comments of people that are also doing only fans and I'm sure that the last update you gave me in 2020 or 2021 may not reflect what's going on now so if you're still doing only fans if it's progressed if you took a break if you stopped like let me know I'd love to hear it and of course all comment sections on my only fans related videos feel free to plug your link your info this is a great way to promote not on all of my videos please but anything only fans you are more than welcome to leave your info down below I'm also going to be doing an updated only fans q a so if you have any questions relevant to only fans today or questions I never answered in my previous only fans videos please leave those down below as well I'll be gathering those for a q a soon so subscribe so you don't miss that I also will be asking I think on Instagram so please make sure that you're following me on Instagram and watching those stories so you do not miss your opportunity to send in a question for a video but I figured for my first video back I would do kind of a big overview of just hey here's how much I've made this is how I did it here are the best of the best tips that I have for how you can achieve and earn a lot of money on only fans as well and we're just gonna be really chill on the couch today it feels weird not filming one of these in my home office that I used to film every single one in back in my apartment something that only fans gave me that I'm grateful for is this house and I have not filmed a lot of only fans videos in here yet so I don't know the best space But I wanted it to feel very chill and look at ketchup so we're on the Couch today I made a huge note of my biggest tips for only fans broken down into like 10 bullet notes and we're just gonna go through them all hopefully these don't sound too repetitive but I am compiling my best advice into one video so some of them may overlap with some older videos but keep in mind that you know it's a new era now social media is very different only fans has changed a lot so these are the pieces of advice that I think have outlived the changes in algorithm in Trends in social media and what I still believe will take you very far in success on the platform everything that I've written down in preparation for this video is based off of an article that I actually wrote on medium about how I earned two hundred thousand dollars on the platform I'm going to link that article down below I'm trying to grow my medium and I'm making a video on how to earn money on medium as well so please follow my medium account check out the article subscribe to me over on there it would mean a lot because I'm also my cats it would mean a lot because I'm planning on writing a lot of articles about only fans on that platform so if you prefer to read rather than watch you the first thing I need to say though is you do not need to show everything to be on only fans will it change how much money you make potentially could you make more if you did maybe but being comfortable with what you're posting and creating boundaries for yourself that don't make you uncomfortable that is what's most important and everyone will have different boundaries everyone will feel comfortable with different things and that's okay and that's what makes only fans such a diverse platform every single Creator is posting something different that they prefer to make I will admit that my boundaries have expanded since when I first started it if you watch those first videos I did have specific boundaries with myself and over time naturally those have expanded I still have my comfort zone and my own boundaries but I'm a lot more comfortable with things that younger me might have been iffy about but now I think I just realize it's not a big deal and as long as I'm okay with it that's all that matters but I still do not consider myself as someone on the platform that shows everything so like I've referred to this before as noodles on older videos just to remain within guidelines but we all know new noodles the good stuff um there are so many different kinds and to me like everything implies everything I don't know it's such a weird thing to try to explain but I just like to say that as long as you have boundaries and are comfortable with what you're posting you're good there are still some requests outside of my comfort zone that I'm not okay with but there are also a lot within my comfort zone that I'm completely fine with follow my only fans to see more but I just wanted to make sure to cover that with the title because I don't want anyone to think that you have to show specific things in order to be successful you can show whatever the heck you want the most important thing is that you're comfortable and you have boundaries for yourself and you don't feel like you've let yourself down or that you're doing anything that you are uncomfortable with because you should never feel pressured on the platform there is so much to cover it would be impossible to get through it all within this first video but I'm gonna do my best and as always please sign up for only fans using my referral link down below subscribe to my only fans page if you're curious going off of that though my only fans page is just my name Michaela country sort of linked down below if you want to sign up for and only fans page please use my referral sign up link down below I still offer shout outs on my only fans page you can DM me on Instagram or Twitter for this and if you're looking for more one-on-one help I do offer Zoom consultations it's a 30 minute session you and me going over whatever you want just to help you on your own page reach out to me on Instagram or Twitter for that as well the last thing that I really need to update you guys on is that I've released new merch if you have been watching these videos you know the base of this whole journey has been if you've got it monetize it if you got it monetize it really got me through 2020 it got me to where I am today the whole concept of that that I came up with is focusing on what you are good at what your talents are and figuring out a way to monetize it if you're talented with music there are ways to monetize that if you're talented with like DIYs crafting there's ways to monetize that if you are a intuitive card reader you can monetize it whatever it is that you've got nobody else has that specific tool or Talent so figuring out how to monetize it is key the last merch drop of it was in 2020 but you know a lot has changed and I figured it was time for a fresh look it's so fresh that mine haven't even arrived yet I literally just created and dropped these but it's a lot more of a cleaner minimal simple look my old merch is made from the same material so I know that these are so cozy but definitely a time for a fresh start it would mean the world to me so please check out my merch go buy yourself a soft crew neck or hoodie I also do have a discount code for you if you use the code only fans you'll get 10 off so check out the new merch very exciting merch drop it just feels right now with all that being said it would take days to cover like everything that I have so I'm going to do my best in this first video just to focus on the bigger ideas I have the rest of the year really to break it all down but it just feels like a time to start fresh with this first video back and do a video on like my biggest tips on how to earn money on on the platform so I've broken it down into 10 tips here we go number one set yourself up for Success the foundation is so crucial don't be afraid to take time to do the little things in fact it's important that you do make sure that you have a clear profile picture and a good cover photo that shows the type of content that you post these are two sellers because it's the only visual content that people can see before they subscribe to your page so if they're immediately turned off by it or just not interested like people are literally judging a book by its cover here and that first impression matters but if your profile picture or cover photo makes them want to see more that's the idea I should also say here like do as I say not as I do because I know some of these don't reflect my own page but I've kind of taken a step back because I'm here to help you and I could also listen to my own advice but I just feel like my page because of the platform that has grown here it's fine but if you're looking to like really set yourself up for success or things that I did in the beginning this is it right out that thorough bio including information about you not too much though like privacy for sure don't tell them like where you live even how old you are I think is sometimes too much unless it's part of your brand because I know some people will put like 18 or 19 because it'll help them get fans but more so like what type of content you post how often you post what you're into services that you offer any deals that you have like that type of information is really helpful I also recommend hiding your fan count because that will always be subjective to who's looking at it but keeping your likes public and you're also able to like your own posts but we'll get into that in a little bit now look at your profile as if it is not your own page and ask yourself would I subscribe to this page if the answer is no figure out why and fix it number two create new accounts now this isn't something that I did in the beginning but if I were to create a second only fans page or do it again I would definitely follow this technique because social media media platforms are not that friendly when it comes to only fans links and integrating only fans into your personal social media accounts puts everything at risk if you lose your Instagram that's connected to Facebook if you promote on like a dating app it's deleted I lost my Snapchat account the first night that I created only fans and to this day I miss it sometimes because I just stopped using SnapChat it was too much I lost everything it was just too hard not the biggest deal but if you want to protect your personal social media as well as your privacy and personal life do not promote your only fans on it create a new account treat this like a new business one with its own separate social media accounts like I mentioned most social media platforms don't really like only fans but if they do delete your account at least it's the separate only fans page and not your personal one this can also help create a separate like work and personal life while spending time online create a new Instagram Twitter Tick Tock twitch Reddit Etc to promote your only fans on make sure it has your only fans info your username handle a link tree some websites are more friendly than others like on Reddit and Twitter you can do the only fans like Instagram use linktree it's just better to be careful too so if you want to stick to link tree or just the tagged at handle that could work as well just make sure that it has your only fans link info and some only fans photos on it to help promote your page but creating separate accounts now I think is crucial number three be consistent nothing happens overnight success takes determination motivation perseverance grit and so many other factors to make it happen as you can see from my earnings listed it took a while before I started making 10K a month but consistency helps keep your page relevant which will attract people to your page and consistency helps keep your fans active and subscribe to your page for longer than just one month as well you can't make an only fans page and expect to make thousands that first month it will take time it will take dedication it will take you staying with it for a long time and then being proud of like the success I've had so many DMS of people complaining because they've only made a couple hundred dollars but that's a couple hundred dollars that you didn't have before and if your attitude toward money is that negative not everyone will believe this but I do if your attitude toward money is negative it won't attract more the universe listens and if you have a blockage there and you have a negative attitude toward that energy the frequency the energy it's not going to align with the frequency of money so how could you earn more if you're not even grateful for the money that you received but going off of being consistent my fourth tip is to promote every day everywhere the only way to grow your page is by promoting your page this can prove to be so tricky and I think it's one of the biggest challenges with an only fans account if you don't have a following already a lot of people complain that the only reason I made money is because of my following but I only have a follow following because I made these videos so when I first started my only fans account I was literally just like you I had a very small YouTube channel it brought in a couple of fans but I put in the hard work I didn't have this following like this came after slash because of it there is no right or wrong way to promote your page and every platform will work differently for everyone so something that worked really well for one Creator might not work for you but that's why it's important to promote on everything as often as you can to figure out which like fishing lines you're getting bites from and then using that platform that's most successful more often to bring in more fans I personally think Twitter is awesome because they're so friendly with only fans and you can post more explicit content there to promote your page Reddit is great if you can get one of your posts to kind of be seen a lot that helps with promotion and your target audience is probably on Reddit not going to lie Instagram can work really well if you create a brand for yourself on there but it can be tricky if you're just starting out out because you have to build up Instagram at the same time that you're building up only fans but again perseverance consistency posting and promoting every single day number five I've kind of touched on this a little bit but find your Niche find what works best for you find your brand this is so important like what type of content are you going to make everyone is in the different categories I've received requests from a wide range form of content but if you can master your Niche I guarantee you will make a lot number six oh my gosh I wish I knew this one sooner send out Mass DMs I think I was like five six months into my journey on only fans before discovering this and I realized I had lost the opportunity to make so much more had I done this in the beginning so only fans gives you the option to send out a mass DM to all of your fans at the same time before this I would just post a preview pick and tell them to DM me if they want to see more but that is more of a passive approach active approach would be sending them the message with the photos already hiding behind a price lock so you take all the content you send it in a mass DM to everyone you have a price attached to it and they unlock it to view use one photo or a censored version post it on your feed to promote it tell them that the full bundle the full pick whatever is in their DM waiting for them to open it this will help fans open it especially fans that wouldn't be actively like reaching out to you being like hey can I see that picture that you said to DM you about it just helps this is the biggest difference and it truly doubles earnings I swear going off of this number seven create bundles there are two types of bundles that I'm referring to subscription bundles and photo bundles subscription bundles only fans allows you to create these bundles of memberships where instead of subscribing for one month you can subscribe for three or six months up front at once to save 10 15 you choose in the settings please do this set it up on your page even if you're skeptical that someone will do this it's great to have as an option up there because I've had it up there for years and two times people have done it and it helped because you get a lot of money at once it's also a sign that a fan likes your account and is sticking around for a long time because they enjoy what you're posting now photo bundles I also recommend instead of trying to sell one photo for 30 bucks take three sell it as a bundle and sell that for 30 bucks like you know the style of how most people take photos now it used to be like okay one two three except now when we say can you take a photo for me or if you're taking a photo it's like click click click click click click click and then hoping that you get one good one so do this with only fans photos create a bundle of similar photos slightly different it's like a carousel on Instagram when like girls post two photos and they look so similar but her hand is like slightly different I'm guilty of this too like I'm just bringing up how it can be like the same photo shoot bundle but instead of choosing one to sell at a time fans feel like they're getting more for their money which they are when you sell them as a bundle and if a fan sees that there are 10 photos in there rather than two for the same price they're more likely to purchase it so bundles are your best friend here number eight I touched on this a little bit but like your own posts this isn't like Instagram or Facebook it's not weird to do this and it helps your page improve and increase the light count that again like I mentioned earlier is visible at the top of your page so let's say you have 30 posts and like 40 likes 40 likes is visible right now you go back and you like all of your posts and your light count increased from 40 to 70 and if you get one more fan and they like 30 posts that brings you up to 100 likes which you helped get there by 30 does that make sense it just improves the light count it makes it look higher especially when you're starting your own page out and you post like your first 10 photos and you're just waiting to get fans a potential subscriber might come to your page but see that you have zero likes and feel skeptical because no one has liked your posts it has nothing to do with what the posts are but it might make them not as likely to subscribe whereas if they clicked on the link and saw that you're a new page and you already have 10 likes they're gonna try it out more the point here is that you want that number to be as high as possible number nine don't forget listen to and engage with your audience they're the whole reason why you're making money they're the whole reason why your page is working like they're subscribed to you without an audience you don't have an income simple as that so say thank you be polite ask what they want to see ask how they're doing and create that relationship that makes fans feel special in their own specific way if fans are telling you the price is too high modify it give them a discount if a fan requests content consider it if you're comfortable with it and if it doesn't go outside of your boundaries that you've made for yourself make that content specifically for that fan that asked it's really important to earn trust with your audience and this helps them stay subscribed now the last tip that I have in this video is make your own opportunities never let judgment or fear get in the way of your success there are a lot of opinions about only fans but at the end of the day do what is best for you and your situation I firmly believe in any situation or decision that you're doing as long as you're not hurting yourself or others then who cares if I let fear control my situation or the Judgment of those that didn't approve with what I was doing I would not be where I am today like not even close just sitting on this couch in this living room at 2PM on a Wednesday I'm always grateful for that and I know that I only have only fans and you that watch my videos to think and I also know that it is so possible for YouTube because years ago I was watching girls that did this on YouTube before I started thinking wow that's crazy and that's what made me start so I know from the other side of the mirror that this can be you as well it seems impossible I know but I am here to tell you that it's not I firmly believe this I believe in you you got this over these last three years those are the biggest tips that I have broken down if you're ready to start the journey sign up now using my link let me know any questions for that only fans video down below check out my merch to get amped about you know monetizing what you've got again the merch doesn't have to reflect only fans I have friends that bought the merch that run Etsy shops or build Furniture it really is just monetizing your own skill and being successful with that but I hope you liked the first video back I tried really hard to kind of fill as much information in here as possible I want to do a full video on like promoting in 2023 and how the algorithm has changed how I would do things differently this year versus 2020 so a lot of only fans content is in the works and will come soon please subscribe I'll link the full only fans playlist down below check it out even if you think you've watched them all make sure you haven't missed a video I hope you're as excited as I am to be back this is this is the best feeling shoot me a DM if you want to do a shout out or a zoom meeting and I'll see you real soon with my next video bye [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakaylaSamountry [51 likes]: Don’t forget!! if you're planning to sign up, please use my link!! https://onlyfans.com/?ref=18779765 thanks for watching! 🤍
  2. @kadijakallon2533 [1 likes]: Loved it @monifamcqueen
  3. @Ghostietapsasmr [1 likes]: These tips are helpful!
  4. @Angel_youtube120 [1 likes]: Thank youuuu ❤
  5. @incognito8448 [1 likes]: Prostitution is prostitution whether its  hands on ,video, retail or  membership ... whether it marks your soul or not is how you lie to yourself to sleep well at the end of the day
  6. @samanthaoary518: Just started mine a few days ago💕☺️ @yourgoodgirllx
  7. @SeleneMerlot: 11:07 I'd even add; Have a different phone for that business. And personally my spicy persona helps me explore that world and remain myself.
  8. @SeleneMerlot: I love how you mention that the most important part is to find your personal zone with what you want to show. Onlyfans greatest quality is giving the power to the creator instead of a producer giving options for people to achieve a kind of freedom never heard of in the SW industry before
  9. @sonicmax7: My OF doesn't make much i can only make enough for rent and bills
  10. @kellimccann1846: Definitely super excited to start my journey  I’m definitely a GILF and would love help to get started
  11. @joshuadakin4247: Hit me up trying to start an only fans
  12. @Itsryleygaffey: Thanks for helping me
  13. @irachoi8944: I started a few months ago but don’t really have ways to promote, i’m also a biker with a bike-insta, but i have family members that follow me so i’ve been trying to do everything subtly, also not very consistently, i have moments where things go well, but then life gets in the way and i lose focus, 

I had an accident a few weeks back, lost my job the day after, had a concussion, had to take care of my mom who’s dealing with hernia pains

I want to do this shit
I wanna go for it, i want to be financially independent, i want to LIVE man
  14. @briandaestala5139: Tu_mamabri
  15. @brooklynblack6503: find me anywhere my user is bunnyholezz 🥰
  16. @theinfamouspropagandalf: Damn seems it's so much easier for real girls on OF. I have an AI girl on a similar site. After 2 years it's up to about 2k per month but nothing like those OF numbers. Even with over 200k instagram followers.
  17. @palmtoptiger421: How do you deal with leaks?
  18. @MissEvaRose021: Started my journey last year 
Took me 4 months before I started getting some sort of income 
I am faceless on my content 
But I am wanting to change the narrative of my page 
Was led to believe I should only do xxx but now I want to venture into more hobbies showcasing my life etc 

Do you recommend that?
  19. @kittykattzz01: Tips Start at 8:28
  20. @bilhajepyegon: Created mine today am totally confused, I need a guider

- How to start Onlyfans from scratch in 2025 | Everything you need to know: Kind: captions Language: en so you want to know how to start only fans in 2024 so you can make a lot of money online have all your time back this is the video you need to watch Now setting up only fans it's a nice simple process but not a lot of people understand the process I mean that's probably why you're here just to get a breakdown of how everything should flow so you can start making a lot of money online so the first thing you need to do if you haven't already got an account is of course set it up and get it verified so all you have to do is just go on the only fans website go to become a Creator and verify so you need to upload your ID that type of thing it normally takes about one two days to verify if it does get rejected it's not a problem at all just go to your email see why they rejected it fix what you did and then redo it then you'll be verified nice and simple so as soon as you get verified you need to figure out what your page is going to be about so the first things when people come on to your page to subscribe what they're going to see obviously is your profile picture the cover photo the bio and then how much it costs to subscribe so let's start off with the profile and cover picture these need to be some of your best photos there are this is what's going to attract people to see if they want to see more these got to be a little bit teasy they cannot be sexual at all in terms of non-nude they have to be non-nude can't be nude at all but they need to be teasy very sexy very hot just so it makes subscribers want to subscribe Then followed by this it's your bio your bio there's either two ways you can go about this either you make it very about you who you are your age where you're from what you like doing and that means fans can get bought into your brand even more or on the other hand you can make it very sexual so you on there you could have what you offer like Joys ppvs nude content what goes on you feed how often you post that type of thing so you can even go both ways or maybe you want to make a little blend normally we find a little bit more of a blend will help with conversion because subscribers are not there just to see you naked they're there to build a little bit of a connection now the final thing fanss are going to see before subscribing is your price of course so with only fans you can set your price between 3 $4 or all the way up to $40 $50 a month I mean typically you're not going to be up there and you don't want to be so low that you're not making any money where I suggest to be is between the $7 month a month Mark and the $15 a month Mark and that's where you're going to be most profitable most of you should be around that $10 Mark some of you might go up to $15 and run a discount so it doesn't hurt the conversion and that means subscribers will just pay a higher rate it's all going to depend depend on what you're offering really I would recommend go around $9.99 $1.99 13.99 you don't really want to be down at the sevens because of the money and you don't want to go too high like $15 because that might put people off so that's step one of setting up your only fans account actually set the account up get your profile picture get your cover picture your bio and set up the pricing so the second thing you need to do when setting up your account everything set up now in terms of what the subscriber could see before buying is what happens when the subscriber Buys so on your only fans account just before they subscribe they can see how much media you got so photos and videos how many posts you actually have up and that's going to be a big factor if someone subscribes because if they're going to pay you $10 a month and there's only one picture up is it worth it to them or if there's 100 photos up and it's $10 they're more likely to buy it's more worth it for them there's a lot more value now with that being said the minimum requirement you need to do to set up your account you need to have 100 photos and 20 videos now I know that does sound like a lot of content but you can do that within a few hours just change a few outfits move around the house make it look like it all wasn't taken on one day it will take you maybe two hours maximum nice simple so just have a little photo shoot get maybe five outfits six six outfits a bit of lingerie C outfits do a few sexual poses now in terms of the 100 photos and the 20 videos these all can't be nuded it is going to really depend on what you're in your account but you're charging say around $10 a month these nude photos can sell for a lot more so I really recommend you don't post nude on your page at all if you want to post say a boo picture every now and then that's fine but 90 % of your content should be non-nude so this would be cloth photos lingerie photos maybe you've just got out the shower and you've WRA the tower around most your body that's fine as well it needs to be really teasing very hard teasing very sexual very sexually implicit but not nude at all this is very important for when you're selling extra to make most of the money it's very very important now the Third step what you need to do your account is fully set up now so it's ready to go people can subscribe there's plenty of content on the page but you've got no subscribers so what do you have to do you got to get your name out there you got to start marketing so you're going to set up every social media platform there is Facebook Instagram Twitter Tik Tok Reddit everything that's what you need to do you need to understand what creators are already doing out there as well and you need to understand what's working well on platform so for example on Instagram at the moment as I'm recording this what's going well is Instagram reals so have a mixture of feed post and real post for Tik Tok Tik Tok lives are going well for Twitter a bit more hard teasing on there retweetou groups do well as well so you might retweet other creators that type of thing but you need to figure out what's going to do well for you your Niche and for the platform as well now as Pablo Picasso said good artist copy great artist still what you need to do you need to find creators in your Niche you need to find what content they're making what content has gone viral and then you're going to understand what performs well what you're going to have to do to start with is copy their ideas you can change them a little but to start start from fresh I'd recommend just copy what they did exactly it has a proven structure of why it went viral to just copy as you get more developed you can add your own ideas incorporate your niche more your personality even more too this is very key now your videos that do go viral not a lot of creators do this but it's super important you need to be able to break down why exactly this went viral what did well in it what made people stop what made people watch the whole video and what made people actually engage and it is on the same as the flip side if the video did super bad you need to figure out why this could be because the video is bad no one clicked it there's no reaction to give out there or it could be simple you're' being Shadow banned so either way you're winning you're winning that situation you're either figuring out what's doing better and doing more of it or you're figuring out what's doing bad and avoiding it or figuring out oh You' being shadowbanned how can I take it off now these are the four main processes you need to start only fans so step one set up the account verify it add a profile picture cover picture a good bio and set your price right now step two is about what actually goes on your page have at least 100 photos at least 20 videos and make it very hard teasing but not nude at all three of course is getting yourself out there marketing getting yourself on social platforms and seeing what's does well and four is looking at other creators copying and analyzing what's done well for you and what's done bad now if you did like this video what I would recommend is searching on YouTube even more in depth with these steps so for example what should go on my only fans feed look at what other creators put on their feed with the marketing look at marketing strategies for certain platforms and then also seeing what other creators are doing if you want even more information so you can scale fast we do have a telegram link if you just click it below and that will bring you into a telegram link where I just give a lot more information out and that's going to help you grow and make even more money

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnlyBlissOF [6 likes]: Join the Telegram group to learn INSIDER information about becoming a Top OF Creator: https://t.me/OnlyBlissOF
  2. @kaydee7493 [3 likes]: Why are you so helpful and soothing lol
  3. @OnlyGigii-v1n [2 likes]: Thank you for these informations! 😇
I already found a few errors on my page 🤔🤭😇🤓
  4. @lauraperez5526 [2 likes]: thanks for the advice
  5. @josephm7606 [2 likes]: Do you actually run an OF page? Because it doesn’t appear that you do. So why should we listen to you?
  6. @GwenRoquemoqe [1 likes]: This is so helpful
  7. @VALKYRAESBBLGOFUNDME [1 likes]: @hasanAbi @QTCinderella @AustinShow @valkyrae @WillNeff @TheCarolineKwan  @Pokimane @kkataminaTV @Fuslie @Cinna @Ludwig @MayaHiga  @JasonTheWeenie @Faze  IF THE GOVERNMENT SHUTS TWITCH DOWN RAE THE RAT WILL HAVE TO GO BACK TO SELLING WEED TO 12 YEAR OLDS OUT OF GAMESTOP ON THE BRIGHT SIDE NO MORE OF HER MID IG PHOTO SPAMMING LMFAOOOOO
  8. @stargatepuma9561 [1 likes]: hard truth. very informative thank you
  9. @Thefanauditor: How much mone have you nade?
  10. @8pumpum-al-day-xd686: No this is the devils work capitalising on a man's weakness is wrong and makes me sick. Go to church
  11. @AdriannaNellis: He's the only person that has gotten on here. So far that did a video that I understood, and he itemized everything I like that very good, very great creator a lot of prosperity to your son
  12. @anastasiadr5583: As a wife at her 44 & with 6hrs of free time daily, I need to start asap. Thank you for your advices! One last question, i do not want to show my face and be known, therefore can I do it by myself or do i need a photgrapher? @OnlyBliss
  13. @heresmee9661: hard accent to follow
  14. @Value.K: It keeps rejecting my Identification
  15. @DeborahHorne-go6dy: What if you want to be anonymous what picture do you use?
  16. @TheMrshefner: Best video hands down I am clueless where to start but you helped tremendously and I subscribed
  17. @CerpinTaxt666: How come bro is tellin' all this as if its meant for girls? Aren't OF with dudes way more popular?
  18. @Multi-Christo: Pls how can I setup an only fans account someone please how me out
  19. @Ninanaplesxxx: I’m shadow banned on twitter, can you help me remove that
  20. @Ninanaplesxxx: Add meeeee @ninanaples ❤

- HOW TO MAKE MONEY ON ONLYFANS AS A COUPLE: Kind: captions Language: en How to make money on Only Fans as a couple. What is going on guys? Welcome back to my channel. So today we are going over how you can make money on OAF as a couple. But before we get started, make sure you subscribe down below or at least just give the video a thumbs up as it absolutely helps the channel so I can continue to make as much useful content for you guys as possible. And if you are in need of any services to grow your OAF page, reach out to me on Instagram. That direct link is in the video description down below. I have so many services to help you guys out. But if you are ready to get started right now, right this second to really learn how to grow, run, manage your page correctly to make the most money, then you need to get into the coaching course. That direct link is also in the video description down below. Before we get too deep into the video, guys, I apologize about the lighting. You will see it will start getting a little dark, a little light. I have not found the best position in my place right now. I am currently in the Mexican Caribbean for 30 days, and I haven't really found a spot that is um, you know, kind of the best spot in the apartment for lighting. Obviously, the lighting is decent, but you will kind of see some fluctuations in the lighting. So, bear with me um during the video, and I apologize ahead of time, but let's get into it. So, I am starting with the truth, okay? The absolute truth about couples pages and if they can be successful and how to make money on the page. Okay, the most important information is going to be a little bit towards the end on how you guys are really going to be able to make money. So, make sure you stick all the way until the end of the video to get every single piece of information. So, now let's talk about the truth. I have been in the O of space for over 5 years. I have helped thousands of people grow their only fans and fansly businesses on top of so many of you guys here helping you on YouTube with the multiple YouTube pages that I have around and fansly. And the one thing that I have really come across is that couples pages can be successful. But the real truth that I give a lot of my clients in my one-to-one coaching calls is that it's better off to kind of focus around one partner and then just include couples content within the page. Now, I'm not saying that a couple's page cannot be successful, but what I have seen over the years is that it is more successful when you focus on one person and then integrate that couple's content. Okay? So, this is something that a lot of my couples clients have seen over the years and you know, I will give them advice and I give you guys professional advice all the time, but obviously it is your business, your page, your content. You guys do what you feel is right and what you want to do. But a lot of the times what happens is that we will start as a couple's page. I will be doing promotional work for them, driving traffic to their page, doing guaranteed fans promo for them, marketing, doing their Twitter accounts. And what they always realize is that one couple, and mostly this is with the heterosexual um clients, is that one couple, especially the female couple, one person in the couple, especially the female partner, is the one getting the most attention, is the one getting the most likes when we are marketing their Twitter or their blue sky accounts. And then kind of during that process, the couple will come to terms and not just really terms, but they will see it themselves that they would rather focus on one partner in their, you know, couple content and then just integrate it. So, this is not something that I'm just saying. This is actually kind of been tested throughout the years with my clients that are couples and they want to start off as couples, but they do realize because statistics don't lie, guys. your fans will show you exactly what they're looking for if you actually pay attention. So after working with them, they realize that obviously they should be focusing on one person more and then just integrating that couple's content. So that is the truth that I want to say to you guys when you are looking at creating a couple's page. Now that does not mean that a couple's page cannot be successful. I still have other coupled clients that do a full couples page and they are making great money as well, but there is a few specifics that we still need to go over for you to really be able to achieve a full successful couple couples page. There you go. Now, this piece of information, if you decide to kind of stick with one partner and then just integrate your coup's um you know, content together or you strictly want to do couples content, the biggest piece of advice on how you're going to make money on Only Fans doing that is by making sure that all of your exclusive couples content is going to be as ppbs and is going to be for extra sale and prices. Now, a lot of my clients ask me, "Okay, so should we do a free page? Should we do a paid page?" And honestly, you guys can make money with both. So, in my coaching course, I extensively go over this and I extensively go over how you guys can make money on your page. Now, is the course more kind of concentrated uh around just one solo content creator? Yes. But the structure, the bones, and how you should be running your business is still the same. Whether you have one person, a couple, or you are doing, you know, um, a ton of content with a a bunch of different models, you still need to be running your page the same exact way. And that's what the coaching course goes over. So whether you have a free page or a paid page, there is still a specific way to run and manage the page to be making the most money. Okay, so having that extra exclusive content as PPVS is one of them. Now, there actually is a dozen different ways how you can make money on your OAF page outside of just the subscription price that again is thoroughly explained in the course. But if you guys just start following some of the tips that I'm even giving you in this video and if you go to my channel, there is so much content for you guys. I will be tagging a lot of the videos here on this video that will be helpful for you that you can watch after this one. So that way you guys can get some more information about that. But having your exclusive couples content as PPVS for an extra cost on your page is how you are really going to be able to make the most money on your page. And again, that's only one out of 12 ways that I explain in the course. But this is definitely something that you should be doing. Now, that doesn't mean that you are going to have nothing on your page and when they subscribe, it's kind of just like crickets. I am talking about those fulllength videos, those exclusive exclusive videos that you guys made 20 minutes, 25 minute long videos. Those should be the videos that you are exclusively selling as your couple's content as PPDs. Okay. Now, also let's go back a little bit about our clients that end up focusing on one partner and then just integrating the couple's content. So, with the welcome message, if you guys have not yet, I say this in all of my videos, this is your business. You guys should be figuring out the OAF platform front and back, okay? And the back end of OAF is really where you guys need to be searching around because this is where you guys are going to understand how to run your page properly. All of the different tools and resources that the platform has for you guys to be able to really set up your page correctly, which again I go over in the course, but if you guys are wanting to do this, you have to make sure that you put your best foot forward and you go through this. So if you do not know, you guys have the capabilities of a welcome message. So that welcome message should be set up. This is the easiest way for you guys to get passive income on your page. So now let's say you are only focusing on one content creator. So that content that is going to be in your welcome message is going to be the one content creator of the couple. Okay? because that is what they are subscribing to. If you guys are strictly sticking with couples content, then that welcome message is going to be your couple's content. But that content has to be exclusive content just for your welcome message. You aren't going to end up posting this as a PPV at some point, sending it out as a PPV. You aren't going to be putting this on your wall. You have to make exclusive content just for your welcome message. Because if you do not do that and you are unorganized, it's going to be very unprofessional. Fans get very upset when they bought something and then you send something out and they already bought it. It makes you look very unorganized. It makes customers, which are your fans, feel as if they're being taken advantage of because they already saw the content and you're just trying to resell them the same thing and make money out of them. So, you really want to make sure you're organized. So, what I always say to my clients is making sure that you guys have separate content for separate things. So, you'd have content for your welcome message that you would have locked as your PPV, right? A locked welcome message is still technically considered a PPV because they have to pay to view it. All right? Then you'd have separate content that you would have on your wall that you would be giving to the subscribers that first subscribed that initially subscribed. Okay? Now, let's discuss that if you have a free page, you aren't going to be putting every type of exclusive content on that wall. You are going to have your unlocked posts and your locked posts. But if you have a paid page, you guys need to make sure that you are at least giving them kind of like a medium level of exclusive content on your wall. So that way they feel as if they've gotten something extra for subscribing and paying for that subscription price. Then once you guys have that content, then you want to make your super exclusive content that is going to be for PPVs. And one step further than that is making content for your promotions, okay? For marketing yourself, advertising yourself. Now, yes, I do guaranteed fans promotional services, but I would still need content for that. And that's how you guys really should be organizing your content and your page. So that way you guys are not reselling things and you also have content that is going to be enticing enough to have people go to your page and want to subscribe. Speaking about marketing and promotional services. So for all of my couples that want to make money on Only Fans as a strict couple page, this is possible. As I said, you can be successful. But with that being said, the way that any page is successful is by your marketing. Okay? It is by how you are going to be advertising yourself and promoting yourself. All right? So, you have to make sure that if you want to stick strictly with a couple's page, which again, you are able to do that. You can still make money off of it. And everything that I teach in the course is still things that you can utilize on your page to make the most money. But the biggest thing is making sure that you are advertising yourselves correctly. Okay? If you are going to stick as a couple's page, then you need to stick with a couple's page. You are never going to put content of one partner alone or the other partner alone. You guys always have to be together so that way your fan base does not in a sense almost try to separate you guys just by choice. Okay? You have to make sure that if you are going to be sticking with a couple's page, you have to have all of your content as a couple. Okay? Now, to take this one step further, the biggest success that I've had with my clients that are couples is the content that we are using to market you guys. All right? So, obviously, you just heard me say that your most exclusive content is going to be locked for a price. That is where you're going to have your PPVs. You are going to utilize your exclusive coup's content in your PPVs. But if you are strictly sticking with a couple's page, you need to use some of that really enticing content to be able to heav he heavily market yourselves to get fans even more excited, more enticed, more wanting to see you guys than ever. Okay? But you obviously will not be sharing your fulllength videos because then what are we doing, right? You're not making any money off of that. Your marketing tactic should be though is to take the most almost spiciest part only a five to 10 second clip of that 20 or 25 minute video and make smaller videos on it and that is what you are going to be marketing yourself on. Okay? Because if you want to stick with a couple's page, you absolutely can and you can get a very very loyal fan base. But you have to make sure that the content that you are utilizing to advertise yourselves is going to be the most spicy, exclusive, enticing, exciting content that you guys have. Okay? Because content does matter. I have seen it throughout the years with all of my Twitter management clients. I have some clients that send me subpar content and they literally get subpar results. And then I have other clients that send me the most amazing content, exciting, good quality, and they get amazing results. The work that my team and I do does not change. You have to understand that the quality of your content does matter and that is what will give you your results either in a negative light or in the most positive way possible. So please keep that in mind because that is literally the biggest piece of success that will basically the biggest piece of success. The biggest piece of advice for your success that I can give you. There you go. Is that you guys need to understand that you absolutely can make it successful. You can make money on the platform. You have to understand that the way that you are going to be advertising yourself is really what is going to be the results of your success or not. All right? So, please keep this in mind. Now, lastly, let's discuss two different ways that you can make money on your Only Fans page as a couple. And this is right out of the course. Okay. So, there is two different ways. And I'm maybe positive you guys heard of this. you may not have, but I'm also going to give you some pricing which will help you. Okay, so custom content is one of them. Now, I know a bunch of you may have heard about it, but a lot of you beginners have not or you really don't understand the concept. So, custom content is when you have a specific fan that wants you guys to make a specific piece of content just for them. Okay? it is going to be exclusive just for them. Now with this and the other mention that I am about to discuss is that you should be promoting this on your page guys. Okay. So what does that mean? In your bio in your welcome message on your post you should be discussing that you guys will offer and make custom content for your fans. Okay? This is a business. We should be marketing and advertising even on our page because that's where the real heavy work begins so you can milk and drain your fans properly. So it is something that they want customized and personal to them. The biggest two pieces of advice that I have for you to look out for. Number one, you always get your money first. But that is after you discuss extensively with the fan what they are looking for. Okay? It is your page, your business, your content. So, you are going to do the things that you feel comfortable with and agree with. Yes, we are happy to have fans on our page, which yes, they are our customers, but that does not mean that this is still not your business and you decide what you guys are going to do on your page and in your business. But once you guys discuss exactly what they're looking for and you guys discuss a pricing is when you always always always get your money first when you are offering any type of one-to-one services like that. Okay. Now pricing for custom content. You can start anywhere as a baseline for a couple as from anywhere from $50 to $60 US. The entire OAF platform is in US dollars. Whether you're in Australia, whether you're in the UK, Europe, it does not matter. It is always in US dollars. So, you're going to start at a base price of 50 to 60 USD. Now, what that will get them is several pictures in a picture package or it will get them a couple minutes of a video. Now, if they want more pictures or they want more time on a video, then obviously the pricing of the video will go up. And another very important thing is that let's say they want a specific prop in this custom content. You guys need to make sure that you are going to be charging for that because if you do not charge for that then that $50 you know custom and let's say the prop was $20 you are now only going to be getting 30 and then on top of it takes their 20% if you guys do not know. So now you are making even less. So with that, you guys need to make sure that you are charging correctly for your custom content and you are getting it all at once. A great way to make money on Only Fans as a couple is by doing lives. Okay guys, so a lot of you may not know that you can do live streaming on the OAF platform. And this is something that so many of my clients, even my clients that have been on the platform for a while that jump on, you know, a one-to-one call with me and they always kind of don't realize or have utilized the live option. But with this is a great way to make extra money because in your lives, while you are doing your lives, your fans have the opportunity and the option to send you guys tips. So you guys should be doing lives and lives is actually a twofold. Okay. So it's not about just making extra money which obviously we all want to do but it's also about connecting with your fans. All right. The reason why OAF is so popular and has blown up the way it has is because there is a platform now that can kind of connect you guys with your favorite followers on social media. You know, for years, people have just seen, you know, models and content creators only on strict on strict platforms and they were never able to kind of have direct access to them where now they do. They finally have direct access with their favorite models, their favorite influencers, and any favorite adult content creator. So, this bridging of the gap is what makes so much more successful. And how that's going to help you in your lives is by connecting with your fans. They see you guys are live. They're able to see you. You guys are able to talk to them, right? So that really also helps on top of just your lives, right? So yes, we are going on a live because we want to make sure that we're going to get tipped. But even let's say Joemo doesn't tip you on that live, but they really felt connected with you guys after you did your live. right now. He messages a couple of days later and he wants custom content for you. You now just need extra money on your page because of that. This is a business. You need to kind of warm up your customers first. Statistically, in sales, you need anywhere from five to seven interactions with someone before you can really make a sale. So, keep that in mind. Yes, there is obviously fans that as soon as they see you guys, they love you. And on OAF, we call them whales like Shmu. They their spout just rains money when they come onto your page and they will pay and they will purchase everything and they will unlock everything. And we love whales, but whales are almost like unicorns, okay? So, you always want to make sure that you understand that and kind of not get ahead of yourself when someone may not purchase. But with that being said, you guys should be advertising your lives for an entire week. So, if you go live at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on Friday, by Sunday of that week, before that Friday, you should be advertising that you're going on that live the entire week to make sure that you guys get a good headcount on that live so you guys can make the most money on Only Fans with your couple's page. Okay, so I really hope that this video was helpful. If you have any questions, comment down below. If you guys are ready to take your business to the next level, get into the coaching course. It is lifetime access, so you guys can always go back to all the information that you need at any point during your OAF business journey. Or if you want one-to-one services, reach out to me on IG. Until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShannonHusson [1 likes]: My husband and I will try this! I am hoping that we can start making some money with the PPV's. Do those types of videos get viewed a lot?
  2. @punkrapgirl [1 likes]: Omg this is perfect for me and my boyfriend! Thank you!
  3. @reinermbivz3278: 😎
  4. @blimages2: i will try this idea

- How Much Money I Made After 1 Year of OnlyFans Starting With ZERO FOLLOWING: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up I'm that ER nurse and today's video is finally here it's the one year anniversary of me starting and only fans I can't believe it I can't believe it's been a year so here is the video that you guys have been highly highly requesting how much money I made and how I made it after one year of doing only fans starting with zero following meaning my Twitter my Reddit Instagram Tick Tock YouTube only fans obviously had no following how I built that up how much money I made and how I did it also as a side note guys I am sick again I've been sick so many times this year so My Voice normally doesn't sound like this and it's kind of yucky and I might have to cough a lot you'll see me drinking a lot of fizzy water we're gonna get through this let's talk numbers so I have two different pages on my only fans I've got my pay-per-view content page where I don't do any messaging I don't do anything like that it's basically just a warehouse that houses all of my pay-per-view content free to subscribe but you have to pay to unlock the content there's that page and then there's my main only fans page which is like paid to subscribe you can message me directly you get Daily Posts a lot of benefits like a discounted pay-per-view content free videos every month if your rebuilds on etc etc those are my two different pages so this is the combined total between those two I went live with my only fans page on June 27th of 2022 and I'm taking this up to June 30th of 2023 just because I prefer a round little number there so basically from the end of June of 22 to the end of June of 2023. gross meaning the number total prior to only fans taking out their 20 percent between the two pages I made and 23 cents net meaning what I brought home after only fans takes out their chunk ninety five thousand two hundred ninety two dollars and thirty four cents true true real real talk I did not imagine ever that it would get to this point obviously I hoped that it would and I have this like ambition to be like a major hustler in the game and like kill it like some of the big names do but I also realized that probably wouldn't happen number one I didn't think I was attractive enough number two I knew like I work full time in the ER like I wasn't going to be able to make this my full-time thing number three I suck at social media still suck at social media trying to get better trying to get better but I still suck at it if it's going to be a big money maker it's got to be a full-time thing and it is 24 7. like if you've ever run your own job like your own business bro it's 24 7 all the time there are no days off it's just you you're the boss you're on call it's about you you're the content you are the business so I just didn't think that I would make that kind of money because I was working full-time in the ER I really thought that I if we can make like two thousand dollars a month that would be so great so helpful it would be such a relief to our family and give us so much more Breathing Room between our two mortgages our two student loans the car payment our utilities groceries whatever you name it like I just thought that if I can get two thousand a month and only doing it poor time but I'll tell you what I never did it part time ever it was never a part-time thing when I was first starting especially dude I was always on the I was always online checking all my messages like at work and I'd be like every time I go to the bathroom or I'd like sneak it really quick on my lunch it was like full time while I was working full-time and it's a lot it's a lot how did I do it how did I make almost a hundred seventeen thousand dollars in 12 months with zero following zero experience I had no idea what I was doing I was terrible at promoting myself on social media platforms and so many creators bread and butter is the short form media the Instagram reels and tick tocks they say it's just like candy they're just like popping out those guys just to like it doesn't even matter about quality they just want to get as much stuff out there because that's how they drive traffic to their only fans so how did I do it before I go into this I just want to preface this by saying there is no right way there is no one way obviously you can tell by me because so many people think oh I just have to go and like pump out all these tick tocks and Instagram reels and shorts and whatever obviously that's not what I did and I was still like what I think is successful in my first year on my only fans so even though you've probably watched multiple videos from only fans content creators telling you how they did it what works for them what the recipe is for them it's not a one size fits all and just because something works for somebody doesn't mean that it's going to work for you I don't want you to hear what I say and think that's what I'm going to do this is what I have to do you do you you do what is best for you but this is what I did the real reason that my only fans was successful is because of my YouTube page I don't think that's very typical usually it's from the short forms again Tick Tock Instagram reels that's usually where people are driving their traffic through I stupidly didn't even like do Tick Tock like I literally like created one posted one picture of myself with like a song in the background and that was it and it was really really foolish of me if I would have just like tried and given a damn about tick tock I could have made maybe a lot more money than what I did that being said my advice and what I think works and what worked in my case is to cast a wide net be on all those socials be on all of them be active on all of them and know the restrictions know what the restrictions are because if you post something that Instagram is like they will sequester your page meaning they will they can even like Shadow ban you and not tell you so you'll be making all this content doing these stupid like shorts and reels and tick tocks whatever and they're not even putting it out there they're not even going to push it because you're a shadow band so even though you're putting all this like time and effort into it it's not going anywhere and that's like madaming to think of isn't it spread a wide net but put your main focus and energies into what you are best at and what you like to do most because I was true to myself and stuck with something that spoke to me that I'm good at that is what drove traffic because I'm not like a typical adult star because I'm not a tick tock social media Queen I had to stick with what I knew I was good at which is like teaching and I knew I could draw people in with personality so basically cast a wide net but Focus your energies of what you're good at focus it on your Niche focus it on your personality on what you're good at because that's what people want to see because that's what differentiates only fans from just like adult content that they can find for free online everywhere but only fans is personal and that's what people are wanting they want that personal connection or they want something specific that they can't find anywhere else and that's why they're there and paying you money all right guys that's it that's how much money I made and how I made it in one year starting with zero following unreal if you would like to see my only fans I've got my link tree link down below give it a click and click on my only fans link it'll take you right to it also if you are inspired by this video you want to create your own only fans I have a referral code as well click the link tree click the referral code link and it will take you to only fans where you would set up your profile and your account as you normally would and only fans gives me a kickback for referring you and please do follow me on all the social medias that I have I have them all listed on the top of my link tree for you I've got Instagram I've got Twitter I've got Tick Tock I got Reddit I got threads I got it all I've got it all dude I've got all of them so go ahead give those a click give those a follow I'd love to hear from you guys if you enjoyed the video if you have any other questions if you have requests for other videos please do leave them down in the comments below I read through each and every comment it's been a blast you guys thanks so much for watching this video and for all of your questions and support and comments really do appreciate it alright guys stay safe be well I'll see you next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @2020Bookworm [2 likes]: Who does you're income taxes?
  2. @LifeSmellsSoGood: People coming over here to judge are funny. Keep scrolling. Why are you so interested in this content?
  3. @katrinarobin4034: You need to repent and find Christ. You may be making money now but you’re not storing up riches in Heaven and I pity you.
  4. @Fififarfall: I see some of the girls making money doing this and am convinced men just like the average white girl next door, maybe it’s more attainable and seems more realistic to them? You’d think they would pay for something they could never get in real life. She looks 35 too, and then you have all these self proclaimed alpha males say women hit the wall at 25 lol and then see this. Truthfully men want whatever they can get, as long as you’re not obese or physically very unhealthy . I’m genuinely baffled as to how this lady makes any money, I see more beautiful women every day and I live in a boring bland city…
  5. @Fififarfall: I see what some of the women who look like make money off OF and realize you don’t have to be pretty, you just have to look like the attainable girl next door… I’ve seen 8 women today who look way better than this.
  6. @beigemauve: She looks like an old lady.... i really hope you dont have children already or will. You can make easy money, but at the cost of the dignity of your child.
  7. @alexnorth3393: Why bother with university then? Might as well do prostitution, no? It's the pathetic men that pay for this garbage that I blame
  8. @nasalies1292: A lot of people on the path to no peace in here. Repent of your ways or it won't end well.
  9. @GreatRetro: I just feel like I'm retarded at this point... why the fk should i work my ass off when there is such an easy and pleasent way to make so much money?!
  10. @abominablesnowman99: Damn.... and you're a 4/10 at best. That's not bad. Good for your hussle lady.
  11. @huleshoney: Good for you lady, Thank you for sharing xxx
  12. @datther: It doesn't matter if you suck at social media, if you suck.  A key skill of the female.
  13. @datther: Aren't you fortunate that simps abound, paying you for nothing.  But max out while you're hot.  The money dries up when you're not
  14. @PieterdeGreef-j9i: Dear girl, how about giving your body, soul and spirit to your husband only? You'll not get many rewards, but one big one.
  15. @XKXKIXKXK: Fortunately, 95+% of women that sell their bodies on OF fail after selling their souls.
  16. @hankpatteraon: Where can i find this work and is there hardcore
  17. @eduardochantos1573: 🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
  18. @timinthesun: Your pimp Leonid Radvinsky recently died from cancer. God is trying to tell you something.
  19. @timinthesun: But how much has it cost you?
  20. @ellier21: After reading so many hateful comments…… people! Someone pays those people and they do make money. If no sick people watch porn, there will be no porn industry and the website so…. Who do you blame for? Her? Really? Always a woman??? No audience, no money so simple

- My Top 5 Tips for Starting OnlyFans (from someone who made $100k in the first 3 months): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel so good to see you i want to very quickly before i even say my introduction just let you guys know i did change my name on social media across all platforms to protect my privacy a little bit more in the future did not anticipate the growth that i've experienced so welcome back to my channel i want to introduce myself as marie you guys can call me marie d marie and on my nsfw content i go by marie with double d i just love it today i want to talk about my top tips to getting started on only fans to maximize your profit in the first few months a lot of you have already seen my video how i made 100k in three months on only fans and i just want to give you guys really simple easy to follow basic tips to get started on only fans at the end full transparency i'm going to give you a little sales pitch to join my fansly blog which includes all of my only fans advice and way more than that i actually give like ppv examples tip menu examples methods to retain subs methods to get subs that automatically subscribe with renewal even like how to sell underwear just anything and everything to do with only fans i go through it detail by detail screenshots every day of what i'm actually doing and so much more i'll go into that a little bit more at the end ultimately i just want this to be a really quick and fun video to give you a few things you can do to get started today if you're thinking about getting into only fans so let's get into it my first tip is even if you think you might want to do only fans in the future it is just a little thought in your mind you are not sure and if you're just considering it very lightly i want you to do the following do you start twitter account i want you to start a reddit account i want you to start a tick tock account and an instagram account if you already have any of these accounts focus on them more post more consistently put some time even if it's just two or three hours every week making content for them put some time into the content on these platforms start now a lot of people assume that i had a huge following when i started only fans i didn't maybe a little more than 15k on instagram i didn't have any followers on twitter i didn't even have a reddit account and my tick tock account was banned had zero ticked followers furthermore when i did get my account back weeks later i did not post about of on it because jesus i'm scared of getting banned again i don't think people give me credit for the effort i put into to really bump my my following up once i did start only fans i wish i had started all of this sooner all of my growth sooner on the other platforms like twitter and reddit and even instagram i just didn't take it seriously i didn't think it would turn anything it was so hard to monetize my social medias i still think it's really hard to monetize social media so start today do twitter you don't have to post sexy chit just start growing your following start going on reddit and learning how it works because it is so complicated but it's worth learning so go on reddit start using it casually on subjects that you care about build your karma build your following on twitter start posting consistently on instagram give yourself a challenge to post one tick tock a day for 30 days and see how much you grow it will work tik tok is is a really great platform to grow on that's my tip number one start growing your social medias today even if you don't know if you want to start online just start today second tip that i have for you is invest in yourself and invest in your business once you decided you do want to start onlyfam obviously you need to get verified on the platform more importantly you need to be in a place where you feel confident and empowered so that you can make beautiful content that people are going to want to pay for get yourself a new skincare routine a new makeup routine get your hair done whatever you want to do to give yourself kind of like a rebranding moment really kick start your confidence whatever style you want to take give yourself that little boost of confidence by investing in yourself i also mean investing in your business which would be your tripod your camera or if you want just to use your iphone make sure you upgrade upgraded to the new iphone invest in some ring lights i suggest multiple i suggest panel lights once you get more experience some soft box lights i have all this information on my family too invest in your outfits invest in whatever's going to make you feel sexy because that's going to give you the motivation to start so that's my second tip invest in yourself and your business to get started it's like anything in life you get out of it what you put in so put in something valuable take yourself seriously and go ahead and invest in yourself my third tip is to find successful creators that align with your brand and follow them and subscribe to their only fans as well this is just me personally i have more of a girl next door brand i followed a bunch of creators that i felt like aligned with my brand and i subscribed to the only fan so i paid for their only fans i received their ppv so i'm able to see what kind of ppvs they're sending out i get to see what they're posting on their account i get to see what kind of content they have and it's really really beneficial anybody who is successful is going to say something to the effect of i had a mentor or i had someone i looked up to and i followed exactly what they did do that even if you just want to follow me someone who's only been successful for a little while but i'm very very generous with information follow me on social media see what i'm posting see what i'm tweeting follow my reddit everything whatever you want to follow of mine and most importantly my fansly because i give very very detailed and very thorough explanations of everything i post and why even numbers like we talk numbers a lot on my fancy and it's very very beneficial my next tip i have for getting started is just setting your subscription price after you get verified on only fans i really think an important tip that people don't take into consideration i suggest that you set your subscription price to something extremely affordable with the mindset that this is not where you will be earning the majority of your income the majority of your income will come from your ppv your subscribers they will want to buy your content a la carte or they will want to tip you whatever it is so set your subscription price to something that is really really welcoming really affordable do a sale to get started welcome people in have a beautiful gallery of photos and videos for them to enjoy just remember that you also want to focus on your ppv in a la carte content or tip menu content to earn the majority of your income i do understand not everybody is comfortable having a lower subscription price but when you think about it from a business standpoint from a marketing standpoint just keep in mind there there are methods that can make you far more successful than just your personal and emotional feeling of how much it should cost and then my final tip i want to give everybody just be very smart about your online subscription business it is in fact a business everything you post on there is your product or your service be prideful of that budget get a cpa if you need to i know i did get a business partner i have one whoever you feel like would be comfortable helping you run the business i definitely suggest like even just having them to help you manage the site or to manage the expenses be smart and hire a copyright company to scan the internet every day of your images to keep your copyrighted material safe i use realta also be smart and get a mentor or just get some sort of resource that you can use to help you be successful at it rather than just go into it blindly that's where my little sales pitch comes in you guys my fansly blog i'm really really proud of it it is a great resource for my girls to have and i see my girls because i do have a little handful of girls on there who are using my family blog and taking my advice it is something i'm passionate about helping people and giving them some sort of guidance and help because i didn't have that when i gets got started i was completely inexperienced and just hit with so much judgment and so much doubt it really almost stopped me from getting where i'm at now i always say this there's no guarantee that my tips and tricks will make you as successful as me but i will promise you i'll give you a lot of guidance and i will prevent you from making huge mistakes that i had to make i really wish i had a resource like this my family is 15 a month that is very inexpensive for the amount of knowledge i offer i have posts about how i use social media to get my subscribers what social media account has gotten me the most subscribers i talk directly about numbers about how much ppvs make me i can even get you an example if you are verified on fansly um as your identity so i only send those to verified women on fansly obviously i do all my modeling examples video content inspiration posing ideas man i talk about everything selling underwear all my tip menus i talk about how to get leaks taken down because you have access to the only phantom's legal team so i teach you how to use that resource i teach you how to almost guarantee that a sub will keep his renew on how to retain subs i have like a very very high retention rate with my subs i just have a really solid method of being my authentic self and staying true to that and i teach people how to do that too and also if you subscribe to my family i'll give you a shout out on twitter or reddit whichever you prefer with your only fans link if you'd like and then people who use my referral code actually get introduced to my only fan sub so i'm excited to do that for my first girl ever i hope that this video was helpful those are my top tips for people just getting started even if you just have in the back of your mind that you might want to do it go ahead and just start looking at my videos subscribe to my family watch my social medias see what i'm doing and if you have any questions message me on fancy i would love to help you out but yeah i hope this was helpful and thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @KamsnewNfkeem [2 likes]: This was unexpectedly good.
  2. @JacobWalkthroughs [1 likes]: Absolutely disgusting you should take this video down cause onlyfans is the devil and it should have never blown up during covid 19
  3. @jeanetteg5197 [1 likes]: Do mid size woman make money on onlyfans??
  4. @NEUTRO_68 [1 likes]: WTF
  5. @sierraprang504 [1 likes]: If I hear another person, explain how all of this works and say go grow your account. How do we do that? How do we grow our accounts? What kind of content do we post if we’re not posting Smacky stuff like that to start out if we’re trying to grow our socials how do we do that?
  6. @AvaGabrielle00: an assistant has been a game changer, i genuinely hate responding to people lol
  7. @fatinmasturah48: BODOOHH ONLYFANSS!!
  8. @LonelyFanss6: Useful tips marie❤
  9. @quotespower9911: This only fans business is for those who don't have any skills other then showing their meat
  10. @KSITrading: My wife and I just started an OF as well as Fansly accounts... thanks for the info!
  11. @DavidDicicco-y1e3n: O
  12. @Ginamarie115: I have been following you and love your advice.
  13. @МухаммадАлиибн: You beautiful,,, you super Marie my love Marie 🫅🏻🫅🏻🫅🏻♥️♥️♥️💘💘💘🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😘😘😘
  14. @WeLoveWaffles-e8n: Thank you for your video and tips
  15. @greg-o5o4u: My name is Greg and my girlfriend is Lindsi.  Our money situation is very poor,  so she wanted to become a 
 creator or something to make money with her looks and figure. She is hot with a huge heart  , great personality.  We been together for over 20 yrs. She 42. We have 16 yr old daughter.  We know nothing about all this platform stuff.  Saw some of your videos and many more before.  She picked you hoping for advice because we kidda need something to work .  Like yesterday 
  Can you please help us?
  16. @jennifer9995: What's your OF link?
  17. @YosufPollara: We're at near end of times folks, this is so sad, women mostly suck now, their mostly all lost and broken thanks to social media and stupid smart phones, and the fact that losers would pay for this nonsense blows my mind! humans no longer have knowledge and wisdom, we no longer build beautiful amazing architecture, our food is crap, we're just a completely broken and lost civilization...
  18. @J3wlz24: I am working on starting my own OF. I would love to have an agency but I have a HUGE issue with how they treat their models though. I've heard from a couple people so far that basically the agency "owns" you for a set period of time and they want to make sure your not selling your content behind their backs so they basically don't let you have any kind of privacy no cell phone without them watching everything your doing they won't allow you to leave your home without having an escort follow you around like it's insane. If all this is really true I want nothing to do with those agencies so it is like a catch 22 lol.
  19. @BrokeGenXR: I thought onlyfans was only about sex.
  20. @tinatupper2282: Now that twitter is “X” should that still be one to start?

- How Top 1% Creators Actually Make Money on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en The harsh truth about Only Fans earnings is that the average median creator earns somewhere between $150 and $180 per month on the platform. That's it. And the top 1% of creators make over a third of the platform revenue, while most are hustling super hard for minimum returns. If you are frustrated with your earnings, you are not alone, and this video is for you. We're going to cover why fan sites are a tough business model, how to make your content work smarter and not harder, and specific strategies to boost your income on platforms like Only Fans, Fansly, Venentro, and more. So, first off, why are subscription platforms so tough for creators? Well, they're overcrowded. It is a saturated market with millions of creators and limited fan budgets. Standing out is hard and you have to consider that earnings are uneven. A small fraction of creators make majority of the money, leaving most earning below minimum wage for the actual time they spent making content. Then there's the fact that there's no built-in audience on platforms like this. the platforms themselves don't promote you and you have to have a big enough following and bring your fan base to the platform itself. Then you need to consider that it's a high churn kind of business. Fans often subscribe for like one month or another and then disappear which means bringing fans to your platform is constant work. And there's other verticals in the adult industry. There's production shoots, there's camming, there's phone sex operation, clip sites and more. and a lot of them with more immediate income and less ongoing maintenance. So, you have to really consider the business model you want to be in an adult because they're not all created equal. So, first things first, shift your mindset. Start to think about content as a digital asset. Every photo you create can keep making you money. Every clip the same thing. So, here's how we do this. First, you're going to want to recycle your content. what's old to you is very new to a new subscriber. Then you can consider creating bundles or cross-selling things. So package similar content together and sell it as a themed bundle. Maybe this is your JOI bundle or your dom bundle. Then consider multiplatform sales. You can sell that same content across multiple sites to earn money in a lot more ways. Last, there is this idea of promotional repurposing. So, splicing up your content for social media teasers to bring in new fans. This is how you fill the top of that funnel we're always talking about. Then, last long-term strategy. You can always license or bulk sell your content as a part of your retirement or exit strategy from adults. You can sell your library of content or license it to make money off of it either once in a bulk sale or recurring revenue for the rest of your life. I want you to really consider this idea of thinking about your content as a digital asset. Think of it like a piece of real estate, even something that you can own that you can make money on every single month, like a rental property. And the more rental properties you have, the more passive income you can stand to make. This is the difference and the philosophy I want you to take away from this video. Because the fancy business model is not for the faint of heart. It's a really difficult nugget to crack, but if you are committed to it and if this is where you want to be, here are some tips to help. Driving traffic like a marketer is key. You want to be promoting yourself on Twitter or X, on Reddit, on Tik Tok, on Instagram, on Clapper, on Telegram groups. Literally anywhere you can, you should be. You want to use link in bio tools or landing page platforms to link out safely from social platforms. You want to collaborate with other creators so that you can cross-pollinate your audiences. And the real kicker, you have to stay consistent. If you are a creator, creating is a key part of your job. Now, to level up your content strategy, you should definitely consider building out a niche and a unique style. You want to build a brand to last long term. Then, you need to have a consistent posting schedule. Fans need to know when they can expect your next photo, live stream, video, audio clip, etc. And as always, your fans are your customers. So listen to their feedback. Take it into consideration and then execute on it. If that's what they want, that's what they'll buy. Now, you want to reward those fans with perks and loyalty and exclusive things. You want to engage with them. You want them to feel connected to you. And hosting live streams and events really help rebuild or build that connection to start with. Now, you can also run promos and subscription offers and sales. You'll see a lot of creators doing that. But the real substance to being successful is using PPV DMs, locked PPVs, and messages that will make up majority of your revenue. You want to do those bundles or giveaways even that we talked about. And then you want to upsell. You want to either upsell off of prepage to a subscription page or you want to upsell content on your feed by having it there locked available for unlock. And the biggest thing I want you to consider is making sure you're tracking how your content performs. If you don't know what kind of content performs best on your fan site, you don't know what to make more of. Most creators really benefit from being on more than just one platform. Just don't spread yourself too thin and especially not too fast. Focus on one or two platforms, a home platform and then a backup platform. and then just mirror or cascade your content to all the rest when you have that capacity. Making only fans or a fan site worth it means you have to treat it like a business. You have to market yourself, repurpose your content, retain your fans, and diversify your income streams. It's honestly a huge grind, but with the right systems or at least knowing what you're getting yourself into and then pursuing it on a long enough time horizon, you can make it work. I'm a top 1% creator and Only Fans has been pivotal in my career, but it's also not where I got my start. I spent eight years in live cams building an audience and a following that I could then bring to my fan site platform. So, consider that when you're wondering, hey, I've been at this three or six or, you know, 9 months and it still isn't popping off for me. Well, you probably just haven't done it long enough. So the the creators out there that are really succeeding, they have a huge audience already. They have people who have bought into who they are and the kind of stuff that they make. And that's going to take you a lot of time to develop if you don't have that going for you. If this video helped you watching it, hit that like and subscribe button. then please consider turning on that bell notification so that you never miss anything we put out because we drop real actionable content and courses for adult creators and entrepreneurs on this channel every single week. And pro tip because you deserve it if you've stayed watching the video for this long. If you want to save a lot of time and earn more money on your fan site, check out gpts.ai. It's like Chat GBT, but it's built specifically for adult content creators. It's going to help you write your captions, come up with content ideas, texting sequences, or spicy video scripts, and just so much more, whatever you can think of. It's basically your cheat code to fan site success. And it's completely free to use at its most basic level, and the link to it is in the description of this video. Thank you so much for watching, CEO Squad, and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VinceroAlpha [7 likes]: This is definitely been eye-opening and educational. Nice work.
  2. @henryfernandezphd [6 likes]: How many fans did you start with in your first year of being a Creator?
  3. @littleapplepilatesco.3448 [3 likes]: Hey girl this was the re motivation I needed! I get overwhelmed with making the choices of what to say and responding. Excited to use AI to help
  4. @marycatherinehayesintennes1956 [2 likes]: Great Content!
  5. @james.b_762 [1 likes]: She is fucking beautiful. 💯👋
  6. @thewellnesssworker [1 likes]: thank you 🫶
  7. @zahirmillard8205: Imagine watching this video as  your last line of hope lmaoo. I mean, if I wasted my youth staying home and being a virgin I'd probably be taking notes from a 35yr old onlyfans childless, ringless "content creator" too. At this point, your hope at your age is to be someones new wife after a divorce with step kids.
  8. @ChandanRaj0007: thats y alwaya diverify insta,fb , tik threads etc.....yes audience is main :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape: first to crack is views followers
  9. @SexCoachHeather: I also find that it’s normal to have an up and down business when it comes to the adult space. The key is to stay consistent no matter what with marketing and engagement with paying fans. ❤❤❤

- OF Creator Replies to Brett Cooper's Statement "Onlyfans Should Be Banned": Kind: captions Language: en Brett Cooper, she recently said, >> "You are selling like the most biologically intimate thing that you can do and you're putting like a price tag on." Like after that, what else do you have to give? I will never say that that is objectively healthy. >> She would just like completely stop Only Fans and like she thinks it's like harmful to men and can do all of these different, you know, is leading to a lot of divorce or problems in marriages. What's like your take on a statement like that? >> There's bad in everything, right? And Only Fans is an escape. It's an escape for people that are missing something in their life. And it's an outlet. You know, having a sex drive and using sex as a distraction is a distraction. It's no different than being an alcoholic andor a drug addict, right? At the end of the day, if you're using it for a an emotional escape, and I think that this can get skewed where people are crossing the line and they're in a divorce that they're or they're excuse me, they're in a marriage that they're not happy with and they're looking for an escape. and this is their escape instead of alcohol, instead of drinking or whatever your escape is, this is their escape. And um I think it it it brings up and shows that something in a marriage might be missing. If something if if you're happy in your marriage, you wouldn't be going to this. Now, am I saying that's right or wrong? No. But that's why like I really try to get to know them and be like, you know, why why are you here? Like what brings you here? What's your story? And obviously sometimes like you don't get the truth. Um, but I saved a marriage on Only Fans. Um, I there was this guy that I really got to know and um, he him and his wife weren't having sex and he said to me that his wife knew that he was on here and that he was communicating specifically with me and that it was okay and all this stuff and they, you know, they got married very young. They have a lot of kids and he he's never gotten to really have his fantasies. So, this was all allowed. So, um, basically, you know, he was using me as like an outlet and basically his wife was not being faithful in the relationship. So, um, and when he found that out, he broke and was like, I'm divorcing her. I'm leaving her. And I was like, listen, this this you don't have to go that far because clearly both of you guys have not been communicating with each other and you know that you guys were both looking for an outlet somewhere else. like you escaped to me on Only Fans. She escaped to somebody in real life. I'm not saying one's worse or one's better or whatever, but both of you guys were escaping and not communicating and something's missing. And I said to him, I was like, "You need to have an honest, open conversation about about what that is, you know, and they and I encourage him to have to talk to her, to work on it, and they did." And from what I know to this day, they're still together. Um, and he sent me a crazy long message saying like, you know, you were the best thing that ever happened to me. If it wasn't for you, I'd be I would have gotten divorced and I would be so I would end up regretting my decision when I'm older. We, you know, figured out our differences, communicated, and a relationship couldn't be better than ever, and all this is because of you. And so, you know, people can blame Only Fans, girls for this all they want. But the at the end of the day, you know, if somebody's choosing to do something, if someone's choosing to do drugs, if someone's choosing to do something, that's what they're choosing. But sometimes it's that's not the case. They just they're single and they just this is an outlet for them. This makes them feel good, you know. So, I don't know. I know that's contradicting and people could hear one side or the other, but it's um you know, there's strip clubs still exist. You know, there's the guys are guys at the end of the day and um this is just another way to have that outlet. >> Yeah. >> Whether it's good or bad for you. >> Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And it strikes me too, right, of the what your point is of like, you know, if people are going here unhappily in a marriage, like that has more to do with the marriage probably than it does the um the Only Fans or the potential outlet in the same way that like most drug addicts like it's often less about the specific chemical and much more to do with like the underlying like enjoyment of their life and how miserable or happy they are, right? And so it's like because people can be addicted to running. Like you can find so many things that you can, you know, harbor on to if you want to. >> I was addicted to working. That was my distraction. I worked too much. I wasn't taking care of myself and it was just work work. We all have our own distractions. And it's like like you said, like it's just figuring out there's there's always something deeper. And that's what I I try to teach everybody in my life. And again, it it doesn't have to always be bad. It doesn't have to mean just because you're on Only Fans that you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. and something's wrong with you by any means, but if it is something where it's harming, you know, the the definition of addiction that I've that I've heard is that if it's harming you other people in in your life or it's harming yourself, right? That's addiction. So, if Only Fans isn't harming you and it's not affecting any relationships and you're enjoying it and it's not, you know, um doing negative things to you, then then okay, that's great. But if it is causing a negative impact, there's something deeper there. and and it should be explored. >> Yeah. Why do you think with only defense, why do you think there like so much of it ends up being this relational component or this safe space for a man to to be and be vulnerable? Like why do you think that it's that space that they end up going to versus a therapist or a friend or another outlet? Yeah, I think it's just um similar to similar question you might ask like why does a heroin act heroin addict go to heroin, right? Like it's just their vice that they choose to go to. But I think um you know they it's it it's they get to have this emotional connection with somebody or this even if it's sexual it feels good to feel wanted you know like this person even though it may be pretend this person is you know in the dance room or lap or whatever that this person's like all over you. It feels good to be touched. It feel good to be desired. And that might be um something that they're lagging in their relationship or their real life. They haven't really been touched in a while. they haven't been cared for, they haven't been looked to right in the eyes or like, you know, or they haven't had sex in a long time and they, you know, we're we're humans. We want sex. We want to be, you know, we want to be touched. We want to be told that we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot and that we're the best thing to exist. And so, um, I I think it's a lot of that. And when we look at the suicide rates, 75% are men and they're usually in their 30s and 40s. And men, you know, women, it's okay for a woman to cry, but it's not okay for a man to cry in the world today. And we need to change that because men are emotional, too. And it's a beautiful thing for emot for emotions, for a man to have emotions and um to express his feelings. And so um there's there's not we haven't created a world for that yet and a safe space for that yet. And I think that that's all they're doing. >> Yeah, >> that's all they're doing. that creating that safe space for the guy to actually be able to express his emotions and let that stuff out. >> Yeah. And I think like you know men too, this is going to take a different take on it, but men too are have a higher sex drive than most women and they, you know, they can just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and not have it be emotional. And um I think that when they're able to I I think sometimes in relationships women try to control the man a lot. And I think for that pushes men away. And I and I'm not saying this is the case for everything. Um but it also pushes men to want to be secretive and to want to um go online and and have this other world. For example, like if if all your men all all his friends are going to the strip club and you're like, "You can't go to the strip club. You don't go there. You don't go there." Men especially don't like being told what to do. And um a lot of people don't. No, none of us really do, right? We want to be free creatures. So, when you're trying to control somebody, it could cause for things to come out of control. And I'm not saying that's right, but that's just the mindset of human nature. For example, just as kids, right? If if if a kid is told not to turn around, all of a sudden, they were never thinking about turning around, but now that they're told that they can't, now they want it. Now they want to turn around. Well, what's behind me? And you don't have to be a kid. If I told you right now, Cameron, don't turn around. Don't look. Don't go behind you. You're like, you didn't Sorry, you didn't even think about turning around, but now that I told you that you can't, you're like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is she talking about? Now you're curious. Now you might be scared, you know? So, I I'm not blaming women at all for that, but I I definitely feel that um you you can't you you I try to create a safe space for everybody in my life to express whatever their desires are, regardless if it's like, you know, a guy that I'm dating that's like, yo, like I saw this girl today and I I had all these like sexual desires and I was thinking about in my head to I wanted to have sex with her and I and I didn't. But I'm telling you, and I I would rather a relationship where my partner feels so open that he feels he can tell me that because we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] human. We're going to have these crazy weird thoughts. We're going to maybe miss an ex for a minute. we're going to, you know.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tom-ment-Capybara [1 likes]: Ban onlyFans and all porn

- Onlyfans advice for couples starting Onlyfans: Kind: captions Language: en the eternal struggle that Sierra and I always have which is um on one hand you have the things that you're passionate about the things that you want to do that don't necessarily get views or fans and then on the other hand you have a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that sucks you don't want to do it but that's what works that's what gets views and that's what gets fans um yeah so I work I work with like a lot of the top creators and software developers and stuff like that so I have a lot of access to like you know the data of what everybody's doing that gets really big results so I'll so I'll look at this data and like it's just such a clear path like all right if we just do this like this is like the you know it's such an easy path like in my mind's eye and then I'll be like I'll get super excited I'll bring it to Sierra she's like I don't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do that like what exactly that happened great time I guess I always have to remind myself that we're doing this for fun yeah and if we get to a point she really doesn't want to do something then don't do it because it's going to the whole thing now but there's a difference between her all wanting to do something not understanding right if you say Okay bad example but we'll go outside and you do a Tik Tock dance which she doesn't do right but you do it and you know you'll get 1.1 million impressions or whatever and that will equate to so many new fans then she'll go H let me think about it and she show me go no but she thinks about right then she puts on her business hat so a lot of times when I'm trying to explain Trends and all that that's relevant to her she really pauses and puts her business hat on and if it's big enough she'll do it so and if not I don't want to make her uncomfortable it's not worth it because her fans will see that she's uncomfortable yeah I definitely agree that like it has to be cuz that's always the balance that we're trying to find like I'm you know again just a huge data guy looking at all the stats looking at all the stuff working with different people and and then so I'm trying to like figure out all right how can I take this stuff that's working and bridge that Gap to where she's actually going to want to do it uh to to some degree in a way that it still works and stuff like that so that's something that I'm sure like a lot of couples probably deal with to where one is like you know the data the data one and then the other one is the talent and then it's hard to kind of like bridge the gap between the two a lot of times um I still do Reddit um but you know so we had to add in another person to look at those numbers and figure out the Tik toks figure out the reals and those things um and it and it helps you know because I got to a point where I couldn't keep up with it so we've had to add on people and that's helped right so it's been what three months what you've had yeah it's worked out well and sier it's a new person too I think it's different doing something like this you we're in relationships let's face it like I'm pissed you didn't do the why didn't you empty the dishwasher no get sexy I mean yeah you have a lot lot going on here this isn't just a regular job and so um having somebody else shoot is amazing it's a totally different vibe um because we fly her to where we are about one week a month matter of fact she comeing here tomorrow and we'll spend three or four days um just filming content m and it makes a huge difference of me going um I need this I need this versus her that you know says you know here's what I need here's the shot and she's like okay done I love that idea of yeah having somebody else kind of film it and do it because I'm like really like my natural personality is like really kind of stoic and Bland so I struggle to like you know to do that and be like oh yeah you work it girl yeah no he's shooting he's shooting and then he's silent and I'm like I need you to talk to me what's going on like tell me you know I can't see myself so

  Top Comments:
  1. @CS.AfterHours: Join the community & learn the BEST Onlyfans growth secrets
https://skillkwest.click/AfterHours-Secrets
  2. @616Saved_blessed: What if you guys did a couple daily routine video?  That would be sweet.

- Doing OnlyFans full time as a couple (Answering YOUR questions): Kind: captions Language: en know good morning good morning we GS and we've been in a relationship for 4 years now for 3 years we've been working as full-time adult content creators which means that basically we get to make six videos for a living and so recently we made a post on social media so that you guys could ask us any questions you might have about this because it's a pretty unique situation and uh today we're answering those questions and we are going on a mission it's 5:00 a.m. we're still in Costa Rica and uh we're taking a little bit of an adventure it's the last weekend we have so we want to do something something a bit different yeah woke up good got myself together my life a mess but my health together stepped out and felt the weather before I meditate I swept and put some tea on do what I love cuz we don't want to be chasing we forever pay no attention to the drama people overthink I got my boat up on the water I would never sink you got your right to F away I got my right to stay away if you ain't with me we can talk another day because my vibe strong you've probably encountered some people who recognize you if so do you have any funny bizarre Story related to it we're not like that famous so it doesn't happen super fun but but yeah sometimes sometimes it happens we were surfing yeah I went on the beach and I met uh a guy and then after maybe 2 minutes chatting he asked me I think I've I've seen you I've seen you before before probably you've seen me like here surfing or I don't know in town and he was like no but somewhere else I was like oh do you travel a lot maybe no I never left Costa Rica I like huh okay weird and maybe 10 minutes later I realized like oh maybe maybe that's where that this happened that somewhere people get understand oh I feel like I know you from somewhere that makes sense uh remember you like telling me we need to start right now because the light is good is per right now I was like but I'm not ready let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] woman that was not working yeah that's the same thing for every step of the process there is no way we can force anything we must have perfect communication because otherwise it's just chaos we I think some people might be able to force it a little bit but we have personalities where if anything is slightly off we just cannot be intimate and connected and and make a good video it's really about capturing all the things we love in our relationship because we truly find them beautiful and we want to share them and so if if we don't make the right choices then this disappears and then there's no point still makes sense [Music] this should be about like having re having fun yeah having fun yeah so it cannot come from a place of need yeah you never want to mix any kind of pressure and stress with your personal sex life so if it's just like you have this great sex life and you want to capture some of it maybe share some of it because you really enjoy the process you want to make something beautiful all that turns you on and it add something to your your sex life then great guess would be come uh before you start make sure that whatever happen whoever might find the content videos you're more than happy with it this just like for us like anyone parents brothers sisters anyone can find them we're very proud of what we do even if we split up and the video stay online anything can happen and everything might happen so you have to be just fine with all the options and not uh never do from a place of fear okay so then we had a few questions like are you polyamorous uh how do you find other couples to collaborate meaning finding couples to have sex with and record with basically the answer is that we we don't we're not polyamorous we basically have a very boring sex life this you it's just it's just us but it's interesting because we record and share our sex lives people tend to assume that we must have this kind of crazy sex life with so many like new people all the time open relationship yeah like we're not normal humans anymore we different kind of person but we just like a very regular couple with a very very regular sex life so slow maybe slowly getting there one day but at the moment not give me a crown full of Palm leaves no the Palm Springs Child at the Village my daddy Wasing yes for us it probably depends it really depends I mean if you don't care how you look on the video it's easy it's just fun you know if you want to have something aesthetic it's not that easy and if you want to have like something aesthetic and be able to have a really authentic sex like not thinking about it all the time it's really difficult very difficult making sure that you're perfectly in frame that the light is just as you intended it's hard to just have sex and be connected and have like a be in the moment be completely in the moment and so and so yeah definitely took us a while to figure this out but we finally I think have this balance where we know thech technical enough that we can just find something that looks good put the camera on a tripod and just forget about it and kind of have the best of both works one interesting thing that people don't think about is the editing part of things in the beginning you see yourself in all these kind of positions and it's very vulnerable you've never seen yourself like this before no definitely not remember the first one I spent maybe two hours looking at it and looking at every moment to make sure I wanted to show everything really yeah now we don't really care no yeah I don't care anymore you get you get very very comfortable with your own buddy and naked buddy first this a verse for my Fallen Soldiers all the Bros are going to be for us get the Tor is going I thought we grow together in my heart I show it that man makes plans but only God can know it I keep praying is he listening why they keep praying on the innocent I'm waiting on the images man this is waiting on my innocence God knows I can either wait or turn militant Crossroads either divisive or be diligent do we ever disconnect no not not not in a bad way yeah I think our life is just flowing organically between what we film and what we do and what we live we tried having a a planning where we have hours where we work and time where we don't but then life is just doesn't happen like that so it ends up changing all the time and the only way we can do it is kind of live the life and every time something cool happens or we feel like making a video then we make it I think we kind of know when to stop usually we're just like okay I think it's going to be too much and we both agree and we just don't put pressure on it and don't do it and that's okay we're good with that yeah not force it knowing that maybe the business could be better but being very happy knowing that uh every time we make a video it's uh it comes from a really good place of just wanting to make it second iay a blessing on my other sisters those who got real issues and are so persistent I had someone tell me to really go the distance means you got a sacrifice and truly hold the vision off for what just standing up on your own feeling weary in your bones while you go a feel alone mental health playing hearing voices of your Dome now they load

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarceloAuba [3 likes]: 1:44 😂😂😂😂
  2. @TomRoverland1001 [2 likes]: Ngl the idea is appealing. I met a couple in Bali a couple years ago that talked about how great it was and they made a ton of money while traveling. I'm not attractive enough to get on camera tho 😭🤣
  3. @EinMann123 [2 likes]: sounds like you need a cameraman and editor! where can i apply? can even do livestreams for you irl with my setup :D
  4. @GaryKing762 [2 likes]: may i ask how old are you guys?
  5. @DavidHaney1 [1 likes]: ❤ GR8 VID ~ LOVED IT ❤
  6. @luckyluke1503 [1 likes]: Only a weak man would sell his wife online and only a W*ore is OK with showing her body to any men other than her BF or husband.
  7. @jaygarcia7807 [1 likes]: this was awesome, thanks for the tips guys. Quick question though, what camera setup do you guys have?
  8. @eddieffblog2006 [1 likes]: Like your authenticity. Look forward to more videos.
  9. @felixblancovenegas403 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing this side of you, its quite nice to meet the person behind a s#x video
  10. @thomasalchimiste8589 [1 likes]: Sympa de mieux vous connaitre! :)
  11. @scottbeautyworld: Thanks for sharing - love Scott beauty world
  12. @juliagottswinter1448: ❤
  13. @jamesdeano8093: vraiment simpas

- How to Create Couples OnlyFans Account 2025?: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to our channel in&nbsp; today's video I'm going to show you how to&nbsp;&nbsp; create a couple's onlyfans account so let's&nbsp; get started first of all head to the onlyfans&nbsp;&nbsp; website and click on the sign up button you'll&nbsp; need to provide a valid email address create a&nbsp;&nbsp; password and set your username once your&nbsp; account is created you can set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; profile by uploading a picture and writing a&nbsp; sort by that reflects your couple's identity&nbsp;&nbsp; next to create content as couple you'll need to&nbsp; decide what type of content you'll be sharing you&nbsp;&nbsp; can upload photos videos and even live stream&nbsp; your experience together make sure to set your&nbsp;&nbsp; subscription price and decide if you'll offer&nbsp; pay-per-view content after this you can start&nbsp;&nbsp; promoting your page through social media or other&nbsp; channels to gain followers and that's it now you&nbsp;&nbsp; know how to create a couple on defense account if&nbsp; you found this video helpful don't forget to like&nbsp;&nbsp; share and subscribe for more tech tips thanks&nbsp; for watching and I'll see you in the next one

- OnlyFans and Marital Outcomes  2 min Deep Dive.: Kind: captions Language: en has anyone ever wondered about the long-term marital outcomes of only fans creators a thought-provoking question indeed other men willing to put a ring on their finger truly virtuous are they the kind who would stay for the Long Haul stay tuned as we delve into this fascinating subject scene script hear it straight from the horse's mouth listen to the experiences of only fans creators in the world of only fans these women aren't just creators they're navigating relationships love and the Quest for long-term commitment let's delve into their stories one Creator shares I'm 21 and yes there are men who'd gladly put a ring on this finger but are they the men who will stand by me in the long run are they virtuous that's the real question another Creator Echoes this sentiment we are not just beautiful women we're looking for solid men men who want more than just our looks we desire relationships that stand the test of time but it's not just about finding a partner as one Creator explains C the man I dream of marrying needs to see me as more than a partner he needs to see me as the mother of his children interesting isn't it their experiences really make you think so what have we learned from these candid conversations we've heard the voices of only fans creators young women navigating the complexities of relationships and their Futures they've shared their experiences their hopes and their concerns we've learned that while there's no shortage of sutors the quality of this these potential Partners is a vital factor it's not just about finding someone who wants to marry them but finding someone who is a solid Dependable partner someone who sees them not just as an object of Desire but as a partner a confident and the potential mother of their [Music] children

  Top Comments:
  1. @haroldmendoza8909: 🌈 Promo>SM

- "OnlyFans Ruined My Marriage… What should I do?"(Real Story) 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I read a story that made me scratch my head and tide. You know those situations where you ask your man what is the problem and uncle will not give a reasonable answer. This is one of those stories right here. A young marriage rocked by social media ghost only fans. It's a circle of I'm sorry and I won't do it again. Then, surprise, he's still doing it. Now, our sister is at a major crossroads. She loves him, no doubt. He's her best friend. He cleans the house. He drives her everywhere. In fact, he does most of the chores. But he cannot stop paying other women for private nude content. even after she said it's a deal breakaker for her. Let's read the story exactly as she wrote it. I got married when I was 19 and my husband was 20. Now I'm 25 and he's 26. We have two kids, 5 and 3 years old. Four years ago, while I was pregnant with my second son, I found out he had an Only Fans account, and it really upset me. I made my boundaries clear and explained that I was not okay with it because he's paying them, but I was okay with him watching porn. Then a couple of months later, I found out he was still using Only Fans. And on top of it, he had subscribed to one of my friends Only Fans channel. Wow. I spoke to him again and explained that I would leave him over this. Another couple months go by and he's still using Only Fans. At this point, he had spent like $500 on it and I was obviously upset. I ended up leaving him and moving out with my two kids. A year went by of co-arenting and eventually we talked it through and ended up back together. A couple months into being together, I saw he had subscribed to Only Fans again. So, I confronted him. He apologized and I was so confused because I literally just moved back with him. So, I ignored it at that time. It's been 1 year since then, and earlier this week, I found out that he got an email from Only Fans. The email said his subscription was ending. So, I ended up changing the password and getting into his account. Turns out for all of 2023, he's been subscribing to Only Fans. When I confronted him, he was just kind of listening, but had nothing to say. I told him I needed to think and I have not confronted him since then. The issue is in all other ways he's a pretty decent partner. He drives me everywhere because he knows I don't like to. He cleans the house, takes care of the kids, and walks. But I just can't understand why he keeps doing this. And at this point, I feel like I almost have to leave him because he clearly is not respecting me or my boundaries. On the other hand, it would suck to leave because he's my best friend and I love him so much and I and I've never really had to do life without him. Let's look at the level to this. The wife said she was okay with him watching her. Most people would say she gave him a very long group. But only fans is different. Only fans is personal. It is a direct transaction for specific attention. And the wicked part, he subscribed to her own friend. But the man mind that was not a mistake. That's a direct insult to her. He isn't looking at random people. He isn't looking at random girls. Maybe for a particular kind of entertainment. He went for her friend. This is where the confusion comes in. She says he is a decent partner. In a Nigerian setting, people would tell her, "Sister, just manage it. At least he's not hitting you. But this is the trap. A man can be a good roommate, but a bad husband. Doing chores doesn't give you a license to disrespect your wife. It's like a beautiful cake with small pebbles inside. The cake is sweet, but will you break your teeth eventually because you want to eat cake with pebbles in it? She had left before for a whole year, one year. That was loud message. But he only waited a few months before clicking and subscribing again. He doesn't think she will actually stay gone. He thinks her love is a safety net that will always catch him back. He thinks he can apologize his way out of anything. That silence during the last confrontation says it all. That wasn't regrets. That was exhaustion from being caught. Make we talk true. This brother has an addiction to the chase. It's the secret, the thrill of pain, the interaction. M to the wife. Stop calling him your best friend, auntie, for a moment. Stop it. A best friend doesn't watch you cry. A best friend doesn't promise to stop. Then do it again while you're sleeping. That's a cohabitant, not a best friend. Separate his good deeds from his betrayal, and you will realize that decent is the bare minimum. A househel can claim a bus driver drives. Stay because there's trust. Right now trust is in pieces. The ultimatum has expired. You already left once. If you stay now without a drastic change, you teaching him your boundaries are suggestions. Face the fear of doing life alone. You've been with him since you were 19. You don't know who you are without him. But I beg it. It's better to be alone than to be a detective checking email notifications all the time. This story is a 2026 reality for many young couples. Now, this is for you. Is only fans different from regular porn? Does being a great dad excuse breaking boundaries and $500 on only Only Fans? That money could buy plenty Pampers and milk. You know what would you do? Drop your thoughts in the comments. If this story triggered something, hit that subscribe button. I am Wy Brown. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @papyjoe4529: Hi Owoya
  2. @chiomaojobo886: ONLYFANS again!! 
If this is real, then there is no decency in  him. 
She should use her tongue to count her teeth….

- What does Singapore law say about uploading obscene content on OnlyFans? | THE BIG STORY: Kind: captions Language: en only fans content creators uploading UPS scene material on the platform could be breaching laws in Singapore even if they're based overseas subscribers who download obene videos and photos and share them also risk being arrested the spotlight was turned on the online site here when Singaporean Titus LW was accused last month of uploading obscene material to his only fans account between April and October 2021 t chin a partner in the criminal litigation team at law firm with us Kata Wong joins me to discuss this further welcome to the show Tanya Tanya what does the law say about uploading or Distributing obscene material on platforms like only fans the law states that it is an offense under Section 292 of the Pino code um to transmit obsene material electronically in Singapore so transmission of obscene material would not just include uploading any obscene material on platforms like only fans uh but it would also include sending a friend an obscene video or image through telegram or Whatsapp um certainly receiving profits from such Transmissions is also an offense um so is advertising the fact that one can procure such obsene materials from certain channels or platforms um the penalties for this offense would be up to three months imprisonment or fine or both Tanya only fence content creators they know what they are sharing and users are subscribing to particular creators for specific reasons this points to a consensual relationship of sorts so help us understand what's the crime then for these two parties even if consent was given in such a situation um it is still an offense under Section 292 of the penal code um and the offense is still made out because the offense is in the transmission of the obscene material itself so that said Tel what can the authorities do to stop users from using on only fans as a platform to publish obscene material and to profit from it the authorities um can raise awareness through issuing advisories online as they have um although I believe Titus Low's case has generated significant awareness uh surrounding this issue um ultimately the choice remains with the user uh to decide whether or not they should flout the rules um and if there is a significant number of users who who are found flouting the rules then of course the authorities may choose to ban only fans altogether Tanya thank you for your insights Tanya chin from Law Firm withis Kwang all

  Top Comments:
  1. @edenassos [8 likes]: More babysitting
  2. @SprinkleofWilly [6 likes]: 2022 already you need to update your law.
  3. @SShiJie [4 likes]: meanwhile there's bathwater on sale
  4. @Zayanyyy [3 likes]: Can sell body at geylang but can't send a picture >.<
  5. @FreshSmog [2 likes]: All tourists entering Singapore need to be searched for OnlyFans accounts. If they upload obscene content, they get arrested! We need to extradite filthy foreign OnlyFans creators to Singapore too. This is a religious country and we need to uphold high morals!
  6. @krisnanstravelvlogscomings3893 [1 likes]: This is getting so lame 😒 wonder how many ppl the authorities going arrest change the law it’s 2022
  7. @anziar3038: Law breakers have to be brought to justice. Distributing obscene material on online platforms - perverts!

- OnlyFans Model Murder: Alleged Toxic Relationship, Abuse, and Human Trafficking: Kind: captions Language: en 26 year-old Courtney clenney is a social media. >> Starr she has over 2 million followers and has built a very successful career while she's very visible on instagram she also has an only fans page there this is a place where her fans can pay her through the app for access to videos and images you will never ever you see on instagram she was so successful that she was living in a plush apartment in Miami where monthly rents are between 1012 $1000 a month she was living with her boyfriend Christian obumseli until April 3rd of 2022 when Courtney, used a knife, you know she is claiming self-defense but process Qatar say she was the aggressor the day she killed Christian just like she was the aggressor in this elevator 2 months before the killing what exactly was going on in this volatile relationship. >> Who was the victim and who was the abuser and how did that night end up killing Christian will take a closer look as we investigate the Courtney clenney only fans murder case. >> I've been involved in thanks for joining us. >> There are a lot of young people who are making a lot of money online. >> And they do it as influencers Courtney clenney whose name online was Courtney Taylor, made a lot of money doing that. Here's some of her instagram pictures in an instagram you're an influencer you get a big following and then want to hey you to influence your followers to buy certain products or go to certain restaurants. It's a real business and it's for real money. Courtney clenney also made money. Taking her clothes off. And performing certain acts sometimes alone and sometimes with her boyfriend been selling. Now this wasn't on instagram this is an only fans and this is a a place where fans of her can pay money and then have access to these images and she made all a whole lot more money doing that. 7 figures worth of money. Money that led to a lifestyle where she and Christian which travel around go to Vegas live in Miami beautiful apartment all of that. But it all ended when Courtney took a knife and took the life of Christian. Here's your mug shot from that day. Let me get to the autopsy because I want to 0 in and focus in right now. On how Christian open Sally died. Doctor Hutchins determined that the cause of death was a stab wound to the chest and the manner of death was homicide, okay. Specifically though he found that the victim was stabbed and the knife punctured the sub clady an artery in his right chest, the knife entered in the Dow word angle to a depth of 8 centimeters. For most of us looking at that reading that it's like OK so she had a knife and she stabbed him. But that's not what she said happened I want you to take a listen to her police interview. Where she is describing what she says happened and how that knife ended up in Christian obumseli and ended up taking his life. >> So I got my story I grab my eyes. I don't come in your question I have no intention of using it. Well in the fall, I'm on a huge coming at you like you can grab the knife or something else I was just lie. I was like I don't have any closure. We have 2, 2, And I meant for it to go far away it was. It was by my fridge and he was like I said just one of the Church of the show when I turn I'm I'm trying to think in my head. >> Saying that she threw the knife. That she threw the knife at him and that's how he died. But that he was coming out or write so she's coming out and then he throws tonight, here's what the scene and doctor who did the autopsy testified to hearing about weather or not he believes that this knife could have been thrown. >> Based on the information you received that the defendant was the alleged to have thrown this night. Know your observations support that. >> I'm not an expert in knife throwing if the person. Supposedly did this is a expert knife thrower and the knife is the type of knife that he can throw I guess that could have happened. >> So let's get to the bottom of this question which is is it possible that didn't make any sense. That Courtney clenney could have roan the knife at Christian and that's how the knife ends up in his chest. Let's bring in our own expert joining us distinguished scholar of applied forensics host of the body bags podcast and professor of forensics at Jacksonville State University, Joseph Scott Morgan is with us I just great to see you tonight thanks so much let's talk about how that knife could possibly end up in his chest does this story this story that she's telling investigators make any sense to you based upon what we learn from the autopsy. >> No no it doesn't And keep in mind. The forensic pathologists that you guys had up on the stand. In that to motion are hearing he's talking about a downward angle of this knife, so. Downward means that she would have been in a dominant position relative to him. If if she was even capable of throwing this not and exerting enough velocity. And proper release point this knife that you guys have done a great job production always does a great job of Court TV by the way. This image this knife is actually a kitchen knife. This is not a throwing 9, which has a certain balance to it people that throw knives know this and so I think she's kind of reaching for something here if you this knife actually clips the sub Clayton Lee sub covid kular artery and folks that home will find your collarbone right here your clavicle okay there's a major artery that runs right beneath here and I don't know if you recall, then you could hear him I think on the 9.11 call happened memory of this where he's kind of drifting. And I can tell you this though we see a lot of blood at the scene. He would have had probably a chest full of blood as well. He would have literally been drowning internally on he's in his within his chest. And it's a slow kind of a slow death. And you can hear him kind of gradually fading out losing consciousness. How much force does it take. And again. The knife punctured. >> The orders right chest, the knife entered in a downward angle to the depth of 8 Z 10 meters. >> So it it's going to take quite a bit of. Of energy in order to do this and you have to think about in the folks at home, we'll just envision holding a knife and if you're in a defensive position for somebody it's not trained with night you might grip it. So the delay is running in this direction and yours stabbing I just think of the old movie psycho and so you're you're stabbing like this this gives you a downward trajectory. Even though in the image that you see of the 2 of them side by side he's dominant he's and even in the image an elevator in that moving image. He significantly taller and heard she's reaching up to us to punch him and hit him and that sort of thing even in that motion like that when she swings at him you can see that is kind of demonstrative of a downward strike, so she's holding a knife and she goes in like this and she can do quite a bit of damage holding a knife. Not throwing a knife so it's going to be superficial at best. And certainly for somebody that might have her strength in order lack of strength in order to be able to facilitate this he's a big guy been and he's very 6 or the chest to she would have comet him in a rage and I work a lot of cases over the course of my with it kind of familial you know relationship violence things like this and knives are always the worse and it's a very intimate form. >> of of homicide. >> Because they're trying to rip the person apart. >> Do you see any significance though in this case where it seems there's. >> The one stab wound we're not talking and tire series of stab wounds you mentioned the movie psycho. >> The images, multiple multiple multiple. And that's not necessarily what we're hearing here. >> No hand I think that it's been kind of progression in this case we've got what at least appears to be some. >> Level of domestic disturbance within their relationship over period of time. It's just that this one point in time she chooses allegedly to arm herself with the snide and this is another in domestic events like this. As investigators we look for were referred to as weapons of opportunity, those things that are at your fingertips, it's not like she would have been walking around with us are rated kitchen blade in her in her hand. She essentially grabs this thing and from the shelf or maybe send a knife block who knows. And begins to will this thing an issue striking at him, you know we can see her throwing throw enhances as in these in moving images that are there. All you got to do is put a knife in her hand and that will get the job done. >> And before we run out of time we have less than a minute right now. The 911 call is made. Emergency responders get there he doesn't make it. Are you surprised that they weren't able to save him here. >> No he would have had to have been at an emergency room they would have had to open his chest in gone in and tie that vessel law. It's it's one of the most lethal areas other than perhaps the and I'm talking about that this road that chess other than maybe a strike today or depaul mayor artery hitting the sub clay you're in a real dangerous area there been. >> Joseph Scott Morgan Jacksonville State University, the body bags podcast always great to have your insight, thank you so much we appreciate it. ♪ Okay when we come back. >> Is Courtney >> clenney a victim herself. We'll try to answer that >> It was very toxic. And them I knew from the beginning. And that and he was not treated correctly. I saw with my own eyes. Calls to my life. Things that father got its start. Very deeply should never have to put up with. >> That's Courtney clenney father testifying at a pre-trial hearing. But what he's saying is absolutely true. This was a toxic relationship. I've compared these to to Johnny Depp and amber heard that it's it's it's to that level where things get really bad really violent and You know. Certain things that they're ingesting into their bodies that. And vilifying some of these feelings and actions so it's clear that this was toxic the question though is is in fact. A victim of Christian obumseli take a look at this is this all this will make you scratch your head a little bit. This was a statement from Frank 3 her attorney. After she was arrested Courtney was seeking treatment for her PTSD and related issues to this case and it is an absolute injustice to charge a victim of domestic violence and human trafficking with a crime. Courtney was clearly defending herself we will vigorously defend Courtney and clear her of this unfounded and baseless charge. Some of that is normal stuff that it is said by defense attorneys it will clear they are innocent all of that, but. Claiming she's a victim of tree thinking we know what she was doing an only fan, it's so what is the allegation here is not the only time we have this allegation. We also have it from Courtney clenney herself. 2 days before that knife ends up in They've been having a lot of incidents at the place where they live the neighbors wanted him out because of all the fights. But take a look at what happens in the lobby and listen to what Courtney clenney is asking for. I want a restraining order against Christian. Why Courts should I do that first because I know. We've got to get their first 5. Way. So your question is a new strain or against it. Who's on the phone with my dad, OK well let me I let me explain to you something with you're not on the force you to show you you can hear me. You asked me how can I get a restraining order against I answer you we don't issue those tests to court. You asked me I need to get one before have I told you the only way to get to court. The newest is the only >> ask you I didn't even know he looks like you understand. >> I am I like I'm not always going to be My daughter has you I just switched position to get you. >> She's the one who rented the part of her apartment he's he's living in there with her. But it's her apartment she spending 10 to $12,000 summer that range per month to live in this very posh apartment complex. Again the neighbors want him out because of all the fighting. So what's going on here, let's bring in some more experts to answer this question criminal defense attorney former prosecutor certified domestic violence expert and registered nurse Marie Perez with us also joining us forensic psychiatrist trial expert witness in comments doctor, Carol Lieberman great to have you both here. >> Murray what it what are you seeing what are you hearing. >> This in this moment because this is you know less than really less than 2 days from when a knife ends up in Christian obumseli she's talking to police about want to get a restraining order. >> I think she in this instance appears to be using the system. Courtney clenney doesn't strike me as a person who is truly a battered woman because typically women want battered to this extent where they're claiming they have some sort of PTSD battered woman related central. They have low self efficacy I'm not in charge yourself us. is low then not in control, she seemed to be the person in control of that relationship went wild. I agree that there had to be some bilateral toxicity and mutual abuse. She and the videos that we still have guts far seem to be in charge of that relationship which is at odds with a woman who was a battered woman and I had no self-esteem no control in this situation, doctor. Carol Lieberman. What are you. >> Seeing and hearing from Courtney clenney again this is 2 days before Christian open celie gets a knife in his chest. >> I see a woman who knows that she has to provide an alibi beforehand similar to how after the killing. She went to Hawaii check yourself in for PTSD and end abuse substance abuse. >> You know she presumably told them that the PTSD was from domestic violence from Christian. But I think that this was all setting it up I'm not saying that 2 days before she knew she was going to kill him. but she was trying to set her up herself up in general as a victim and I clearly shoes, she's not going to be she's doesn't fit the profile of an abused woman. She is I'm very entitled you know she feels that she is entitled to to to everything you know people who are in who are influences. Have this kind of strange psyche, a strange sort of way of relating to the world. They are sort of caught up in their So called fame or influence. And they live in that world and that it's hard for them to sort of operate in the real world that they're kind of still you know expected to be worshiped but everyone like feeling like they are on camera still and I think you know we've seen this before I agree that she's a like amber heard I was thinking of that she's a more violent amber heard. >> I'm looking at her and I'm looking at the the nature of this structure of the relationship, she's the one bringing in all the money. How much if at all do you think that impact. >> This whole situation in this relationship. >> It impacted a lot and I agree doctor Lieberman because she was in control she made all the money and he was sort of like to me a boy toy to her and most of the arguments they had were centered around him looking at all the women. She was jealous, she's insecure but she was the one doing you know all of what he was doing on only fans, let's face it he can the been doing it by himself. She was the dream on to the money into the views so she felt like you know what he had no right to look at anybody else talk to anybody else. And if he did he would face around and most of the arguments would like talking to her you DMV her it was all about control jealousy and rage is not a defense to murdering someone so Inc I will that she comes up with something better than that because if we're going up, according to a video is in videos really sometimes they don't love I she was the one controlling that she's just a job, it's manipulative person and she killed him because he was check and other women out in that. >> Our guests are staying with us when we come back we're goin g to t >> All right tonight. I mean we shouldn't be together. What history of domestic violence. >> asked to so many many engines you think I don't I don't know that we can you get. We say the homeowner to order. So many to so my guy. All right guys. >> There she is being interviewed after. Putting a knife and Christian obumseli she doesn't know that he's dead at that moment, I don't thank but you can see the questions I have any incidences. >> I don't know it's a lot folks will go through a timeline of the incidents in the attacks on Christian open so that we have been able to uncover but they're they're obviously more but these are some that we've been able to uncover. Let's begin July 27th 20 21 while in Las Vegas. Courtney clenney is arrested for domestic battery. While she and open celie Christian were staying at the cosmopolitan casino this came after she threw a glass a Christian while he was laying on the couch at 5 in the morning. When police came to interview both take a listen. >> Well the story by homes on the couch or has. I you know. >> how. >> She did you remember throwing a glass know. But that sounds like to me. >> That sounds like me, you know it sounds like her October 9 2021 Courtney stabs Christian in the leg. Like in this case, this is not the only time. That she is stabbed him stabbed him in the leg 10/9/2021 next day following night. Courtney clenney locks Christian out of the room after hitting him in the head with hair phone there's a whole bunch of a text messages back and forth. Take a listen as our producers read them. >> The crazy thing about all of this is that yesterday when that means me and you saw how bad it was hurting me and that could. >> couldn't do. >> And you would tell me I wish I could take your pain away I wish it was me and not you. The next morning they woke up at the I still give you a good day even though my leg was hard because my golf instead so you're telling me you can't do the same thing the next day. >> And say whatever happened last night today. The new date because that's what I do for you I woke up happy to get a Vegas to get you. All right back up the chute drink with you the blow with you just having a great day do all of this while hurt so and did I make you feel the stabbing me know I deceptive up and hope tomorrow be better. >> If you decide to get security com. I will tell them exactly. It's OK cannot. >> I I know you said 5 minutes but I've been in the restroom, my nose bleeding and the back of my head hurts that really hurts I don't know. >> If it was your hand or the phone. But I'm really >> and putting your stuff up you can come get it when I say you can. Go to first aid they have to take me somewhere. >> A shot was of walking through the casino thought when you give blood an open door please and you are pounding the phone. My head when I was done it's okay with the Libyan I don't feel good plea. Courtney he opened the door. I don't feel good and as a bump on the back of my head and he just let me and I'll be on the couch. Why you in the bed, I don't want my nose to bleed and going back and forth now says to the restroom is making me nauseous I'm getting you know how I get he please let me in and help me please we don't need to say a word. I have 8 and running at 2 hours of sleep and drugs he's opened the door. >> Feel-good opened the door for real this isn't cool. >> I haven't up on the back of my head and I'm busy and anxious that can't keep walking up and down with my Lakers come on. Courtney can you come get me, too hot and they need to lay down with this ice fact I can see straight I've been sitting in the restroom fund our Courtney, this is. >> I haven't up on my head and I believe it. >> And have anxiety can you answer your phone. Faced with the phone they continue to hit the back of my head with the phone now I have a lump, I'm bleeding. Following up think I've got a mild concussion and have anxiety I step in the rest of the 2 hours now just beyond words all the hope for is a better tomorrow. He let me in or not I Ida's before you say you're kicking me out and use but I mean no matter how many itself gets. You don't treat the one that you love that way. State fair is tomorrow be ready. >> Well, I'm sorry Christian I hope you're OK, I'm sorry for hitting you in the face and the back of your head and spitting I knew is that right. Now just kiss me off, but I still love you, I don't know about the fair anymore maybe I'll have a change of heart after some rest, the latter will be off. I'm going to bed don't say anything until the morning you can talk then. I just read this text and I'm truly very sorry for respond and like that well you are in pain. I should have let you in clearly I didn't realize you might have a mild concussion I should have just come back with the medicine. I love you I'll be back soon. >> Doctor Carol Lieberman, what's going on here. >> Well if we didn't know who is saying what you would think that it was he was the woman that he was the he was the victim of domestic violence, I mean, but I want to make sure it's clear then actually are victims of domestic violence. So much more than then people really was because they don't want to report it because they're embarrassed to admit that they're taking this abuse. but just looking at those tax. He's playing the role of the victim, this is those are typically you know what what what what will win. But typically what the victim of abuse as >> you know if the week it's clear that he has been long time. >> The victim was it is it's it's really amazing just like but it is a woman who is the victim. She keeps coming back and people always ask why does she stay with him one could say the same thing with him. It was he stay with her I don't think it's just a money thing. I mean he was doing crypto com coin and I think he was making money to I don't know who was maybe she's making more but she's making a lot more trust me. >> A lot more a lot lot lot more. >> OK but I don't think it was just about the money I think it was a sick that relationship that they need and she by the way it's borderline just like amber Hurd was borderline and so what they are most afraid of is abandon it. >> Murray they're in there in Vegas in July, she's throwing a glass and then police come. Then we go to October stabs him in the leg. He's complaining about that and then smacks him in the head with the phone and then out all what are you hearing from from Christian all of this. >> He's a and like doctor Lieberman says again people think that you have to be a woman to be battered to have low self-esteem. He has no self-esteem and he is suffering from them battered man syndrome she locked him out he beat him up. He's begging to come back in these text messages all going to come back to haunt her for him in every didn't hear the standpoint they're going to use it against her to show that she had to be the aggressor she was the one abusing him, so therefore she cannot turn around and say she was an abuse person because none of those and you punch me first huge Brad might bear around or you scratch, mean you buy and they did me that's why I hit you there's not even anything there to even show that it was mutual physical abuse may be mental the tormented her, but the physical abuse based on the sticks that Court TV is revealing she was the aggressor she was in charge she beat Hill out of him in treated him like he was a battered woman. >> And again. We know that. >> She is making the allegation that she is the victim not only of the domestic abuse, but the initial statement released when she was first arrested that she was also being. >> Trafficked a victim of trafficking by him, I'm still trying to understand where that is coming But we'll see here's what we're going to do we've got more of this timeline to go through fall. >> This is not all of the abuse that we've been able to track down that is document >> What is You know person, but he didn't do it. >> You know all the right thing to do to help. >> Yes, and I'm so sorry. >> Shut up and let me slap, you know we don't have the date of that particular recording but we have more or to get through as we take a look at the toxic relationship and the attacks on Christian obumseli by Courtney clenney these are things that are documented you can see it you can hear it. We go to January of 2022. Christian obumseli goes to the hospital because he needs stitches. Courtney stays out and then cheats on him. There is some text messages back and forth about all that let's take a listen as our producers read them. >> Hopefully this will give you time to think about your action, let's enjoy the hospital. Tell them your side Menaul tell them what happened. I'm not saying anything. Lm am. >> I'm going now. I must say football is to be. >> And then leave may have been alone. >> Maybe can you come >> with me I lost a lot of blood let me know how it goes. See later I really really hope he did cheat on me Courtney, I really really hope so. >> Skid I don't know whether you are and you slept or you're somewhere 4 in the morning. Don't contact I was in the hospital looking forward to seeing you and you go drink and the with someone. When your boyfriend is passed on the beginning of this stuff because I lost too much blood, I love you so much Christian. >> I should have been at the hospital with you and I should have slept next to you as I always have. I'm truly genuinely sorry that my actions are you so deeply that was not my intention. But it's reality and I have to do what I can to make it right. I don't think something like that deserves a second chance. >> But if you do stick around I think we can be happy and make each other happy if we just try harder. I don't think either of us wants to do life without the other person, I'm so sorry. And have deep regret for putting you and us in this position. >> And it continues to be go on to February of 2022. And this is the infamous elevator incident that we have seen. Plenty is seen attacking Christian in the elevator another so then it goes directly to the apartment and in my interview with the defense attorney here saying listen. She was trying to get away from him here and want to keep him out of her apartment and he kept following her in to the elevator to get into her apartment that's their explanation for what you're seeing here. But obviously a lot of people have a different. Take on what's taking place inside of the we move further in February 2022. They didn't take a trip to Aspen. Courtney clenney again can be seen attacking Christian in Aspen while they're on content trip so they're creating content for social media let's take a look. >> Over 2 weeks >> we slept go, let it go let And those looking. >> So. >> seeing. >> to the same when it It does that say. >> 2 Rest as they went. he just wouldn't do it. >> Well >> 3 girls >> officials say she say get your man is. >> On >> by the way that's not behind closed doors because there's someone else there who is Rick Hardin that with video and she knows there's someone else there. Incredibly toxic relationship April first 2022. There's another altercation this is the one where she's asking for. That protective order. She's trying to get a restraining order against him but she's just talking to police about it her dad's on the phone with the Mets in the lobby and then you move forward to April 3rd that's when a Christian is killed. And gets a knife in the chest and again she is claiming self-defense in all of this. Let's bring back in our guest Marie for Carole Lieberman. Murray I'm just looking at your reaction to what you've just seen I mean the one in Aspen is not even behind closed doors. There's someone else sitting there watching it and then recording it. >> It's heartbreaking because you see the love bombing you see the gaslighting you see the disrespect she actually call this grown man a boy she slapped him in the face and said get out of year. The lack of respect to me is has I mean I I want to use the black and white thing. But I wonder if this and was a white boyfriend if she would have called him boy I take that so personally to call a grown man a boy speaker one him ordered him out of the room to me he was so the victim he was so the traumatize one my heart breaks for him his family because this woman was the abuser in this case and like doctor Lieberman said most men are not the appeal. There's so get too embarrassed to talk about it and here we are looking at the end I your thing thank you Kohr to people what you do because this is a lesson that men could be of use to my God. Doctor Carol Lieberman. >> Yes and it teaches manners should he should teach men to speak out, you know to to get help to not be ashamed, but you know I could picking up on the boy's I was thinking the same thing she treats him like a slave. And when she said you're fired. You know she that it's like he's her servant Ashley than just fire him, but what's so interesting is that she's first of all she's like sadistic with him, you know in the in the Texan has she acts and so on. I think that a lot of that is at least consciously for her her way of doing the absolute worst she Ken in words and actions, you know. >> Beating them up all of that because she's really getting back to the abandonment is a borderline she's so afraid that he's going to a bed and in her if she does the very worst to him to try to proved herself that that he's going to stay with her she she's testing him each time. And you know that the top and that he was that was when he went to a sandwich shop and he was too long for her liking and she suspected that he was. >> Learning with somebody having sex with somebody doing something with somebody some other woman. >> And. >> Is she the incident happened 13 minutes after he got in the door. She was there before that you know building up the He's doing this he's doing that he's cheating on me and then he wants it in 30 minutes later she stabbed >> Murray will look at what's going on here. I think there's there's a lot going on obviously but. Some of the factors a look at. >> Young age lots of money lots of drugs. I see that combination kind of amplifying everything that is happening in all of these situations because she does not strike Newsom one who is is is not under the influence of something in all of these moments that we're watching even this moment in the lobby, she seems like there's something something is off. >> Yes, nothing off with 30 feels entitled and again I don't want to use the race card. But she's just like a blond-haired white girl who's with a black and and she feels like you know what she's entitled and he should be all over her kissing her all over doing everything she says following orders and be almost like or love slip and if anybody was being traffic maybe it was him because clearly he was not in control of this situation and he is the victim here the video's don't mind that Hicks don't like Apple. She takes the stand because the prosecutor of going to have a field day with for her own words about own actions. >> I'd like to thank both of you for your insight and your time Sir I worry Pereira expert doctor, in board certified forensic psychiatrist I know your time is valuable so we appreciate it, thank you so much before we go tonight, folks please take a look at your television screens we have a missing child this is Bertha. >> Eventually Rhonda is missing out of El Paso Texas. >> Only 14 years old. Here's what you need to do take a look. If you see Bertha please pick up the phone make the call 911 1, 800 the lost or you can call the El Paso Police Department in Texas that phone numbers on your screen. Let's see if we can give birth to a safe place Anthony polity and thank you so much for watching have a great night and as always please don't forget to help the kids.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CourtTV [73 likes]: #CourtTV - If you or someone you know is experiencing Domestic Violence: CALL 1.800.799.SAFE or TEXT "START" to 88788
MORE HERE: https://www.courttv.com/tag/courtney-clenney/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=comment
  2. @ss0890 [2 likes]: Without their blonde hair bleach and makeup, these women are really nothing special.
  3. @GwenPidgeon [1 likes]: The knife entered in a downward angle to a depth of 8 cm, about 3 in.  That's called a "stabbing"
  4. @Beth1973-y9t [1 likes]: I cannot believe what this came to, a waste of a young healthy life!
  5. @suzanneroberge494: Justice for Christian Obumseli.  You can't be "trafficked" when prostituting yourself.
  6. @chosenonebygod: I’ve been in a relationship like this. That woman definitely has Borderline Personality Disorder. As soon as I saw what she was saying at 32:00 and on, it was evident. I was in Vietnam and suffered from PTSD. Fortunately, God has been there for me. Without God, you cannot survive these kinds of disorders. I hate to be dramatic, but this is what a demon-possessed person looks like.
  7. @erinIreland01: She’s always in a bra just walking around like it’s normal.
  8. @bebala7848: She always chose well to do black men...
  9. @bebala7848: She admits to the abuse
  10. @bebala7848: My understanding was that there were multiple times she was reported of abusing him. No human trafficking and violence  is a lie. She was toxic
  11. @bebala7848: She called her parents first!
  12. @bebala7848: She has to think about what she did... to see if it made since?
  13. @bebala7848: She's trying to think in her head... she means trying to keep her lies sorted out.
  14. @bebala7848: She was a on line pornstar..
  15. @roxannsheesley8447: Wow! This girl...
  16. @ellenhird9658: She needs to stay in jail for life. She not only called him boy she also called him the N word. She is a psychopathic, narcissist, egotistic, drug fked murder..
  17. @Marcycat7: Those Only Fans females are dropping like flies.
  18. @trommelbiel: OF  is demonic
  19. @JaqueciaRooks: Once the black man realize no race is better than the other under god we all the same
  20. @shawnnichole231: But the media crucified him..the police let her go home at first, calling her the victim. We ALL know why.

- OnlyFans Model’s Dubai Horror Story Raises Questions About Disappearance: Kind: captions Language: en A young Ukrainian model looking to advance her career traveled to one of the world's most glamorous cities. But now she says her dream vacation turned into a nightmare and she agreed to spend time with a young Russian man and his friends. We're digging into her recovery after being found nearly dead on the side of the road in Dubai and what she says happened to her back in the spring. Welcome to Sidebar presented by Law and Crime. I'm Elizabeth Milner in for Jesse Weber. We have new information in a case we first told you about a few months ago involving 20-year-old Only Fans model Maria Kovchuk. She was missing for 10 days back in March after reportedly attending a party in Dubai. The Ukrainian model was found battered along the side of the road with medical personnel cataloging a slew of injuries including shattered limbs, bruising, and lacerations and even a broken spine. She was in a coma for a while in the hospital and reportedly underwent multiple major surgeries. After a few months in recovery with her mother, Anna in Norway, Maria, known to her friends and many online fans as Mary Lou, relies on crutches in a wheelchair as she learns to walk again. And in the meantime, she is speaking about what she says really happened to her. And that's providing a better timeline for what happened, when, and who may have been involved. Maria sat down for an interview with high-profile Russian TV presenter Zena Sochuk. Promotional footage of the interview shows a large scar across Maria's forehead, allegedly obtained when she was attacked while in Dubai. When Maria was first reported missing, there was a lot of speculation about what happened to her, whether she had been kidnapped and sold into sexual slavery, perhaps after attending what was referred to as Porter Potty parties. And yes, you heard that right. These are evidently lavish parties thrown by some of the richest men in Dubai, where young women are paid huge sums of money to be degraded and abused. They got their names because the women lured to these events are often treated as human toilets. They were reported rapes, beatings, and even deaths. But Maria told the reporter, "Men from the United Arab Emirates weren't involved in that harrowing ordeal." According to Maria's interview, she was traveling in Dubai to try to push forward her modeling career. She overslept and missed a flight to Thailand, where she was supposed to be meeting with her friends. At her hotel, she says she bumped into a Russian man she had met once before, and he invited her to stay in his room, saying that they could fly to Thailand together on his father's private jet. He had three friends with him, a woman and two other men, and they all spent the day together. But Maria says things started to take a dark turn the next day, and the young Russian and Ukrainian men started to get aggressive with her and hinted that they wanted to have sex with her. Here's part of what she had to say in the interview. They started to joke, "You belong to us. We'll do whatever you want." I tried to take it as a joke because it was really weird. They started behaving inappropriately, smashing bottles on the floor. The entire floor was strewned with broken glass. After that, they took my personal belongings, which included my passport. Maria also claims that the woman who had been with them put on one of Maria's dresses and walked right out of the door in it. According to Maria, she tried to leave the hotel room, too, but she was dragged back inside. She says she managed to escape when the men went out onto the room's balcony, reportedly running into an empty building nearby that was under construction wearing only a hotel robe. She says she tried to hide, but the men found her. Maria told the interviewer that she doesn't remember the actual violence that led to her horrific injuries, saying most likely there was a blow to the head, I suppose. The next scene I remember is me asking for help from a passing car, which had already stopped and called an ambulance and the police. I think that maybe I was thrown or it was a beating. one of two options. The injuries looked like either a beating or a fall. Maria's catastrophic injuries would be consistent with the fall. She said in the interview that there was a security video of at least part of the chase or attack, but claimed that Dubai police intentionally waited months to access it, giving the system time to overwrite the footage. Despite the accusation that police may have been trying to cover up the bad behavior, Maria's mother told the interviewer that the cost of her daughter's medical treatments in Dubai believed to have run into the millions and that they were paid for by local authorities in exchange for her not saying anything to cast the United Arab Emirates in a bad light. According to reporting from the outlets like The Sun and the Daily Mail, the men Maria accused of attacking her were detained briefly by Dubai authorities but released and it appears they won't be facing any kind of charges. I want to thank OD for sponsoring this episode of Sidebar. ODU is a powerful all-in-one business software that helps you manage everything from sales to accounting and yes, manufacturing. Schedule your production, manage your assembly line, and fine-tune your work orders with ODO's all-in-one easytouse platform. Need fully assembled manufacturing software that'll put your business ahead of schedule? Well, ODU has you covered. Plus, ODO's manufacturing app syncs seamlessly with your sales, your inventory, and purchasing modules, so everything stays connected and running smoothly. Check out ODO to take your manufacturing process to the next level. And get a free 15-day trial today at odo.com/sidebar manufacturing. Well, to talk about these disturbing new details, I want to welcome back international attorney David Tofuri. David, thank you so much for joining me. and you were on sidebar um probably with Jesse to talk about this when this case first began and Maria was first discovered on that Dubai roadside. What do you make of Maria's latest interview? >> Well, lots of surprises here. There was speculation when we first did the show about this story that maybe she had been taken to one of these portaotti sex parties in Dubai and that she had been abused there. Uh but at that time she was in the hospital and she couldn't speak so she hadn't been able to tell her story yet. Now she's told her story and it's a bit different than what people expected. Apparently she was actually uh beaten and abused by some Russians. She met one Russian who brought her to a party with some other Russians and the abuse happened there. And what do you make of just seeing those images of the visible scarring that she has? And she also admitted that she now has to use a wheelchair and she gets around using crutches. It's really sad, but honestly, she's just very lucky to be alive. But what do you make overall about the injuries that she sustained that she still seems to be recovering from? >> Yeah, it's really concerning that she went through this. She obviously has very serious injuries. She was in the hospital for a long time. She's still recovering. very difficult circumstances for her and for her mother and others in her family. But there's also an aspect of this that feels like she's sort of the underdog. She's up against the big system here. You she tried to deal with the Dubai police and to go after the people that she thinks were responsible. It doesn't seem like she's going to get justice or she certainly doesn't have anything that it would be what we would call justice at this this point. And that's also concerning because if you don't get justice in a case like this, this could happen again to another young woman. >> And what do you make overall about the sex trafficking conspiracy aspect to this case? Um what do you think that um kind of pointed investigators into that particular direction? >> Well, it's not clear if this is sort of a one-off situation. this young man that she met led her into these horrible circumstances. Whether this was just the first time he and his friends have done this before or whether there's a pattern here of them doing this to other women and because of her injuries and how serious they were, her incident was reported and others were not. There's also an interesting concerning aspect of this that she's Ukrainian. So, she's a Ukrainian national in Dubai. The perpetrators of violence against her are Russian. There's no information to suggest this links to the conflict in Ukraine as a result of the illegal invasion of Ukraine by Russia. But that could be also part of this. Did these Russians in sort of an act of uh nationalism attack her because she's Ukrainian or think that she's less human because she's Ukrainian, has less rights because she's Ukrainian? That would also be a very concerning aspect of this because it could put other Ukrainians abroad in jeopardy and danger as well. >> And I also want to go back um to a point that you had made earlier about like the whole porter potty parties. Now, it's something that I've seen kind of on social media where people talk about these really degrading parties against um people who are wanting to be models or influencers and in this case she was an only fans model. But in terms of the whole porter potty parties, um, have you ever heard of these before or have you heard of these maybe? And they're called something completely different, but you know, the whole gist of it is being that they're essentially kind of what the name is where these women are brought to these parties and they're degraded upon kind of similar to the way the name is, if that makes sense. >> Well, I've spent a good amount of time in Dubai and in the United Arab Emirates. I had never heard of these parties. I'd never read about them or heard about them from anyone. But when we did the last story, I learned about it as a result of preparing for that story. And I was pretty shocked that this exists. It seems to be somewhat commonplace in Dubai, very wellnown, and a lot of women have found themselves entrapped into very difficult situations. So, I'm surprised that Dubai, which is, you know, a very conservative culture, would allow this to go on. And I certainly hope that the Dubai authorities are doing everything they can to discourage these types of parties and to crack down on those who engage in violence against women. >> And um how important to the story do you think is the whole aspect of money and influence and power where you know you have kind of you know we're in a digital age nowadays. A lot of people are kind of becoming accustomed to getting their career started online where they may have fans, followers, and these women are kind of putting themselves in a way in these vulnerable positions in order to kind of make money and maybe they would end up in situations that they would normally not end up in. But in terms of just overall this aspect of beautiful young woman who is degraded and demeaned allegedly in this case and then something like this happens where now she um is still recovering from her injuries after being brutally beaten and left for dead on the side of the road. But do you see these this kind of commonality in these cases especially overseas versus maybe here in the US? I think that's a significant and interesting part of this that you know these social media influ influencers seem to be the targets of these violent parties in the case of the portaotti in the case of this young woman from Ukraine she was also a social media influencer and model and maybe she was targeted because of that as well it's a bit concerning you know you wonder if people in Dubai somehow think that gives them um additional right to be violent towards women like that because they don't approve of their social media activities. It's it's not clear, but it should be very concerning, especially for the younger generation around the world who are, you know, very active on social media. They shouldn't be targeted because of it, >> right? And especially because a lot of young women may think like, oh, this is something to look up to because they're seeing the glamorous parts of it. They're seeing the jet setting and they're seeing the beautiful handbags and they're seeing all the great aspects to it, but then there's kind of this um underbelly that's kind of going on behind the scenes that a lot of people may not be aware of. And in your opinion, you know, these um are just allegations and we do have to say that here, but um do you think that sex trafficking allegations are handled a little bit differently overseas than they are compared to here in the US? >> I think that's right. I think you the United States has and and other western countries have done a good job of highlighting the dangers of sex trafficking and our state department for instance has ratings for countries that are not doing well on combating sex trafficking and the state department and our diplomats push this issue in countries where there are sex trafficking problems. So there's been a lot of effort to highlight the dangers of sex trafficking, but there are still a lot of countries around the world where I don't think it's taken seriously, where it's been maybe part of the culture for many years. And so they're less concerned about it continuing to go on in these modern days, even though it's a bit shocking when you see the underbelly of it as we did in this case in a way. And going back to the whole kind of conspiracy aspect of this case and just the case overall in the investigation, there was kind of this claim that there was surveillance footage um of this attack, but investigators kind of waited too long to access it. Do you think it was wiped? Do you think that someone took it? Do you think that they just moved too slowly in this investigation and that's why they have they no longer have access to this footage? Why do you think that we can no longer see or investigators can no longer see what happened to Maria? I was very interested in that story and I couldn't learn anything from the reporting that I found other than what she claims which is that she believed that there was CCTV footage that would have helped prove her story about how she was attacked and how she sustained her injuries and that for some reason she believes that the Dubai authorities didn't act quickly enough to secure that footage and preserve it and that somehow it was erased. I haven't seen anything else. I haven't seen a response from the Dubai authorities. Certainly, it's possible that the police in Dubai did not take this case seriously that maybe they were even had so little concern for it that they wanted to protect the alleged perpetrators. But we really don't know without more information and evidence uh to we don't know what happened with this footage. But obviously in the United States, one of the first things that would happen when an investigation happened is you would secure that footage and preserve it. And >> I think it's really brave for Maria to speak out, especially speaking out so publicly about this, going to um you know, a news reporter and speaking about her story. But in your opinion, do you think that there's kind of a counter to that where maybe she might be putting herself in danger? Again, I'm commending her bravery for speaking about this cuz I can only imagine what it's like for her to do that, especially after everything she's been through. But do you think that that presents any type of danger towards her? >> Well, I think it's very brave for her to speak out as you said. One other oddity about this case is she apparently spoke to a Russian reporter from a Russian media uh company and it's surprising to me given that the violence she alleges was perpetrated against her by Russians that she would have chosen a Russian journalist instead of choosing for instance a western journalist or Ukrainian journalist or even a Middle East journalist where this crime occurred. And so I would hope that other journalists will reach out to her and perhaps from more substantive media platforms where there's more a more trusted source to understand better the case. And I hope she will talk to more media. And if she really wanted justice, what she would do is hire a lawyer and she would have that lawyer go to Dubai and he would press the Dubai authorities to explain what they did in this investigation, why they didn't do more, why some of the evidence seems to have slipped through the cracks. you would hold a press conference, invite lots of press to come and speak to the press very candidly about the situation and that might jin up more anger about this case and force the Dubai authorities to do a better job of seeking justice. At least from what she claims, it doesn't sound like they did their job here. >> And for those who are trying to travel overseas, internationally, do you think that Maria's story is kind of a cautionary tale? Do you think it's kind of an outlier possibly in terms of people who are just wanting to travel who may have a following for themselves or who are, you know, Only Fans models or they're influencers or content creators or stuff like that and they go to different portions of the world. Do they need to kind of look out for specific things, behaviors um while they're traveling overseas? Well, >> I think this is definitely a cautionary tale for women, especially women with similar profiles as she has. And I think that you you always need to be careful when you travel and you're going out and experiencing the night life, not to go somewhere in a private party with someone you don't know where you're going to be with lots of people that you don't know, which is what happened here. I think Dubai and the UAE, they remain very safe countries. There's not a lot of crime in the United Arab Emirates, but there is a seedy underbelly to it. And if you put yourself in a situation like this, you could be taken advantage of as she was. >> And I'm hoping that she has a speedy recovery and she continues her process of healing because I can only again imagine everything that she's going through. But again, very brave of her to speak out and tell the world what had happened to her. David Turi, I want to thank you so much for your time and your insight into this case. Before we sign you off, is there anything else you would like to add? Do you think that possibly some arrests might be made in the future? Well, I I hope that she hires a lawyer to do what I mentioned, which is to, you know, get attention for this case and put more pressure on the police and the prosecutors to explain why they haven't brought anyone to justice. From what she has told about the current situation, it doesn't sound like she's going to get justice unless she does that. >> Just horrible because I hope and I hope with all of our cases that everyone's able to get justice in in their case, especially for Maria, too. David Tfuri, thank you again so much for your insight. I really appreciate having you on Sidebar today. >> Thank you. Thanks for having me. >> Well, that does it for this episode. To watch more episodes, head over to our Lawn Crime YouTube page or subscribe to us anywhere you get your podcast, whether it's YouTube, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify. I'm Elizabeth Milner in for Jesse Weber, and this has been Sidebar presented by Law and Crime.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LawAndCrime [18 likes]: Check out Odoo to take your manufacturing process to the next level! Get a free 15-day trial today at: https://www.odoo.com/sidebarmanufacturing
  2. @abel3694 [1 likes]: This dude is a liar ..u lived in Dubai and u never heard of this stuff 😂😂 😂😂😂he’s definitely trying protecting Dubai’s imagine lol
  3. @BucketHeadianHagg [1 likes]: Russians did it now? Poor thing. They threatened the lives of her family to make her say that. No way do I believe it.
  4. @maryhodgson1194 [1 likes]: If she was to admit  she was selling  herself  Dubai  laws she be put into jail . For her to be able  to come home after  herself  being  in hospital, thak goodness  she is not in a cell over in Dubai.
  5. @kealebogasekga9394: Women and accountability its a no no
  6. @kealebogasekga9394: She's not a victim
  7. @anglerfish24: Or maybe don't be a prostitute - FAFO.  Terrible but not rocket science to avoid this type of scenario.
  8. @rosieralph790: Why didt the 'friend' she went with try to find her or report if they was getting. Flight together
  9. @XXFGC: its very upsetting that nothing will happen to the ppl that did this
  10. @PRABHUDAYAL-w4g: Every Influencer is Saying that Place is Safest On the Earth?
  11. @candaceshirley8173: I thought UAE followed a strict moral policing but it appears it is false 
Perhaps UAE should concentrate on solar energy and in case of tsunamis not vanity projects that do erode 
Just as civil wars do to
  12. @rubyrichmond2630: Very sad.
  13. @Monarchydg: Im sure all her girlfriends told her she was living her best life by being a literal escort, now her health is in jeopardy because she chose to sell herself for worldly possessions, im sure right now she would trade any amount of money to have her health back
  14. @pillango7922: Recently, an email from Jeffrey Epstein was revealed in which he thanks someone for a torture video... Turns out, the sender of this video is Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem, Head of Dubai based port giant, D P World... He talked about some beautiful Ukrainian model. Could this be a link to these shady Dubai parties?
  15. @dmetalbaba: Now she does her trade in Prague. You know what to do, if you have 50 euros.
  16. @alex.266: Ukrainian G0ldigger maybe???😇
  17. @DavidD-l7i: She's a 'dancer'. You know what I mean. She did it to herself.
  18. @cheesesmod: I hate what happened to her. Absolutely horrific! With that being said, this is why you shouldn’t blindly trust anyone who throws some money at you!
  19. @cicero275: Advance her career by prostitution 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  20. @johnT906: She decided to live a 304 life what did she expect lol

- The Tragedy Of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en a high school English teacher in Missouri named Brianna copage was placed on leave earlier this month and quickly resigned from her position after as the media reports put it she was outed as a performer on only fans and of course the word outed is doing a lot of work here so is the word performer she is a prostitute not a performer and she outed herself when she decided to engage in this behavior on the internet where anyone in the world can see it for a small subscription fee now I must again remind everyone that you have not been outed when people simply notice what you yourself have decided to post on the internet as soon as something is on the internet it is out it is as out as a thing can possibly be the outing occurred the moment it was posted and if it was posted by you then you again outed yourself that's not how Brian copage sees it though uh she has defended herself to the local media here's what she says a former teacher in the Metro speaks only to locally to to four about being outed for bearing it all when that Franklin County woman's only fans page was found she was pulled from the classroom then Brianna copage voluntarily resigned and tonight only AR shash stall has the first interview with the teacher turned entrepreneurial porn star it's just like those connections that I'm going to miss Brianna copage started teaching 5 years ago being there for students like celebrating Milestones with them for the last 2 years and until resigning earlier this month she was at St Clair high school as an English teacher and one reason for her departure to make more money she started an only fans page a site that's growing popular across many generations on only fans some offer premium content to build connections with subscribers such as inspirational speeches photos and even adult content okay time out for a second why are we playing dumb about only fans here what what what what are you trying to achieve the local CBS affiliate is pretending for some reason that people go to only fans for inspirational speeches maybe that's the excuse the reporter's husband gave her when she found out about his subscription to the site no honey it's it's not what it looks like I I'm just subscribed for the inspirational speeches it's kind of the new generations version of I only read Playboy for the Articles and that could be where this is coming from or maybe they're just randomly lying about only fans because the media reflexively lies about everything and can't help itself at this point in any case here's what Briana um has to say for herself listen Missouri is one of the lowest States in the nation for teacher pay and then the district I was working for is also one of the lowest paying districts in the state copage says her yearly teaching salary was $42,000 when she started only fans she avoided showing her face because of her job as a teacher a lot of people asking why didn't you just get like a part-time job somewhere but teachers also take all of their work home like we don't get to stop working when we leave the school day we don't get to grade all 130 students papers during the day it's just not possible when you're teaching so we take that work home with us on the evenings on the weekends so getting a second job is just really not possible the St Clair School District said in a statement it was notified of the posts by an individual not affiliated with the school the statement goes on to say the district immediately retained legal counsel for assistance due to the sensitivity of the matter and to protect the Integrity of the investigation our handbook policies are very vague they just say something about like represent yourself well did I violate that I feel like that's a matter of opinion uh yes ma'am you did violate that it's actually not vague at all I suppose there could be some gray area in the represent yourself well category but when you start selling your body on the internet you have definitely crossed over the line not just crossed it but you've trampled it into dust becoming an only fans prostitute is the very definition of not representing yourself well if the district needs to clarify that section of the handbook then they they should do it by adding a picture of Briana copage a fully clothed picture just just to be clear Rihanna defends her decision to become as the news anchor puts it an entrepreneurial porn star by saying that well she wants to she makes a lot of money doing it which I'm sure she does but the problem is that I make a lot of money doing this is the worst possible moral justification for anything okay many of the bad things people do do because they make money doing it but we don't accept that as an excuse if someone says you know you know accuses you of engaging in objectionable and immoral behavior and you respond but I make a lot of money doing it they generally aren't going to say oh okay well never mind then I mean obviously it's totally acceptable in that case I just want to make sure that you weren't behaving in a disgusting and shameful way for free but as long as you're making money then never mind carry on that's not how the conversation goes and that's because we know you're doing it for money and attention and validation but that doesn't make it better now if this story sounds familiar it's because a version of this story plays out seemingly like once a week now before Brianna copage it was a woman named Annie Knight who made some headlines after getting fired from her corporate marketing job after starting an only fans page before her it was Kristen McDonald who's the special needs teaching assistant who was fired after her only fans activities were discovered and it's not just teachers and employees in the corporate world getting fired for this a while ago a female mechanic at a Honda dealership in Indiana was also fired from her job when she began dabbling in the entrepreneurial porn business and so this sort of thing happens frequently and for the most part these women when they're fired are treated as Martyrs by the media but they are not Martyrs it goes without saying or should go without saying that all of these women deserve to be fired your employer is concerned not just with your behavior at work but also with your behavior outside of work if it reflects poorly on them or causes difficulties in the workplace your employer has a right to take those kinds of things into consideration which means that if you become a prostitute in your free time you should absolutely lose your job you know most people don't want to work with or around prostitutes and your employer doesn't want to employ prostitutes it's disgraceful and dirty and disgusting and embarrassing this is obviously especially the case if you're a teacher but it applies no ma no matter your occupation and yes as established only fans is prostitution as I've been arguing for years all pornography is prostitution to be a prostitute is to sell your body for money and that's what everyone in the porn industry is doing it's what everyone on only fans is doing it's what a hooker on the street corner is doing there is no moral difference or even any significant practical difference between any of these categories but with only fans as opposed to what I guess we must call traditional internet porn this equivalency is the most obvious you know that that only fans is like the most direct parallel with being a hooker on a street corner which is also why only fans should obviously be banned now I think all pornography should be banned but if we have to go about this incrementally then only fans is a very good place to start the October 15th tax deadline has come and gone I know many of you might be dreading the stress of filing your taxes filing your taxes can be a long excruciating process but if you fail to file you start to pile penalties on your tax debt that's why you need to check out tax Network USA the team at tax Network USA has a track record of success they've reduce tax debt for numerous clients totaling over $1 billion whether you're looking at a $10,000 or a $1 million tax debt they can help you with a settlement it doesn't matter if you haven't filed in one year five years even a Whole Decade tax Network USA is equipped to secure the best settlement for you the expert attorneys and tax professionals at tax Network USA can help resolve all tax cases no matter how they started don't let tax debt control your life any longer take the first step toward resolving your tax issues by visiting tax Network usa.com Walsh that's tax Network usa.com Walsh today you know the tragedy of only fans and this is not to say that these women's these women are victims of of their own choices because because these are their choices but the tragedy is that nearly all of these only fans prostitutes would not be prostitutes if only fans didn't exist these like soccer moms and English teachers and corporate professionals they wouldn't ever even consider going out to the street corner to turn tricks nor would they go looking for a gig at the strip club down the street what they're doing on the site is morally and substantively and should be considered legally the same because there's no real distinction but the presence of the screen the fact that it's all done in cyers space makes it feel different you know it allows prostitutes to feel like they are not prostitutes and that's why they're invariably shocked when they end up getting fired from their respectable jobs I don't think that shock is like a put on they aren't pretending to be surprised they really bought into the LIE of only fans and of the internet pornography business as a whole and believed that because they were doing this on the internet it somehow didn't count in the real world only fans makes a life of prostitution accessible for people who would never consider it otherwise now that's not to say that bana uh and all the bana cages of the world would be virtuous chased dignified women if not for only fans it's only to say that they would not be call girls whoring themselves out for $10 a month only fans makes that possible in a unique way which is why it should not be allowed to exist it is a universal negative it hurts everybody involved in it it harms Society it can only cause harm there is no counterbalancing good being done by it prostitution is already illegal in 49 out of 50 states the question is whether there should be this carve out this special privilege granted to internet prostitution but why should there be why is there in fact internet prostitution has a more deleterious effect because of its accessibility and its ubiquity because it's the one kind of prostitution that a board soccer mom would actually engage in so if we're only Banning one type of prostitution the inperson or Internet variety obviously it should be the latter but instead we ban the former and the ladder is legal and virtually unregulated it makes no sense only fans in conclusion is a cancer it should be banned and it certainly today is is cancelled if You' like to see what else I have to say you can access my full show by going to dailywire.com or by going to the Matt wall Show Twitter page hope to see you there godp speed

  Top Comments:
  1. @peace2672 [1 likes]: Only Fans is harmful for Everyone. Sadly the women don't have self respect. And it isn't good for relationships that need purity to be healthy.
  2. @robertcrookall5991: Matt Walsh's pontificating in front of his fake window is more disgusting than anything on OnlyFans. Matt, if you have an actual job, maybe your emmployer should sack you, because "no-one wants to work around prostitutes", yep?
  3. @exlaxly: I’m here for the inspirational comments.
  4. @dmaster20ify: Being a teacher is rough. You have to carry work home and teachers are no longer appreciated.
  5. @SarahPonzio-x6w: I am going home school my feature kids !
  6. @JeremySayers38: So Matt Walsh shows he is SIMP SUPREMÉ!!!  He is Mr White Knight.  He loves his chastity belt and gives his key to his wife's boyfriend.
  7. @user-bf8ki9tc8j: If americans allowed the usa government to blow up the world trade center on 9/11, then the americans will always remain passive and let the country go right down the sh*tter. Donald Trump is a great example of what happens because of the weak minded passivity of most americans. He can do whatever he wants and americans just passively stand by with their fingers up their own a&*sses.. Enjoy your nearing dictatorship america! You deserve it.
  8. @BadaBingBadaBoom777: I think this is why you see so many single, lonely, sexless men nowadays, I genuinely think through podcasts and chat rooms that women made a collective agreement to withhold sex from anyone not in the top 5% and then they all started onlyfans to make a profit off of the lonely guys that they're rejecting for no reason that just want a normal relationship, so really they are manipulating the market so to speak. Most of these women are misandrist and narcissists thanks to social media.
  9. @BadaBingBadaBoom777: If she didn't have onlyfans, she would have to find a spouse to share a life with, oh the horror
  10. @SpecLobby: You complain when they made fun of Kirk without researching him and parroting hearsay. This man was not responsible for the content on his site. It wasn't originally allowed but he pressured by credit card companies to allow it and the site was soon flooded with it. He never forced people to put that on and he didn't have those ads like "adult" sites. Alternatives came that were far worse with scams on their sites he just continued what he had built he wouldn't give it up becaue people decided to our degenerate content up their you excuse of a man.

And I am not a lefty I am just a man who hates mob leaders like you
  11. @producerdirectorkarlweidma5532: Can you… yes. Will you… get criticized, fired, profiled… YES! This is disgusting toxic behavior for everyone!
  12. @anonymoususeridk: Being both a teacher and a sex worker is like being both a surgeon horror film producer. Neither combination serves as a diagnosis of a predatory mental illness per se, but both raise some serious questions and are a bad look.
  13. @rdshep4873: lets all Judge her.... maybe if a teacher got paid a "living wage" she wouldnt have to do this .... get real man
  14. @JT-oh9yx: Why Onlyfans must be stopped?  That's very unamerican....the political right is becoming more and more like the political left each day. smh.
  15. @jaimegallardojgenigma666: who gives a fuck homie, leave them alone,
  16. @zephed123: I got hooked on only fans and one day I woke up and realised what the site was all about, in one word money. I agree 100% of what you said, only fans should be banned, it’s immoral wrong
  17. @pattataj: As a woman, I hate this oversexualized world. It’s not empowering at all, if anything, it’s the opposite. I feel completely disgusted😢 please someone stop it
  18. @MichaelHayes-v5y: Stop speaking for everyone! I wouldn’t mind working around prostitutes
  19. @tabithan2978: You are also doing bad things on line, for money, lying, rage baiting, misogyny, racism, extremism, homophobia, you are the lowest!
  20. @Moises7770777: OF women deserve their misserable life consequences. I celebrate it, cheers!!!

- OnlyFans Lawyer Heats up The Panel Again: "Do 10-Year Age Gap Relationships Last?": Kind: captions Language: en only fans lawyer returns with smoke but she gets shut down by the panel you know what I'm saying that that's why gave you my honest opinion no you kicked me off last time for this stats look I didn't let me make this extremely clear I didn't kick you off because of your opinions I kicked you off because you were hurting the quity of the show and you were annoying what is hurting the quality well yeah I'm going to annoy the chat when I disagree with you guys you guys your chat a lot of them you have like an audience capture it's an echo chamber there are people in your chat who even were like she's right on the stats I don't know why you guys kicked her off no it's it's not about the stat it's that you argue in bad faith about certain things so for example right that discussion in particular was hey marriage really isn't in your best interest as a man period and then you went ahead and pulled out this STW man of like oh well it's because actually you do realize that like a younger you don't want the age Gap to be too much and then educated women with bachelor degree actually have lower divorce rates that doesn't take away from the point that marriage is not a good proposition for men in general actually how it happened was you were saying that a younger girl is more moldable and it's more successful to be in in a relationship with a younger girl and I was saying that if you have a 10-year age Gap your likelihood of divorce goes up by 40% and that is just the stats that was how that happened and then we got into selection bias because I've tried to explain to you multiple times that if you're just looking at the women that are getting divorced and you're like 70% of women initiate divorces and it goes up for college educated women but in general college educated women are less likely to be in that group getting divorced in the first place you didn't like that no it's that see how I said something that's objectively true and then you went ahead and you framed it in a way to make an argument for a stance that you have I'm just saying younger women in general tend to be more impressionable are going to follow your lead and their better partners and then you went ahead and took from that oh well you know what actually age Gap if once you passess a certain amount the divorce rates actually go up wouldn't that that doesn't it like no because see that's what you do you I'm saying something and then you go ahead you find something very tightly aligned and you'll be like oh well actually and then you make a completely different argum because well I assume that you're saying those younger women are more moldable Therefore your relationship would be more successful a good comeback to that is is that the statistics show your relationship is less likely to be successful with a younger woman that's why I brought up I think it's very relevant uh well she could be younger than you and still be within that age range that we're talking about that is below it so she can still be younger than you still age R even a five things can be true but that's what I'm trying to say is that you argue in bad faith like how is that arguing in bad faith that's 100% arguing in bad faith cuz that doesn't actually challenge what I said you're just countering it with something that doesn't really align we leave it up to the audience I would say that if someone's giving the advice to date somebody younger right you guys are all like I would say and even a 5year age Gap 10e age Gap 20e age Gap all of those increase your likelihood of the relationship not working out divorce like statistically so maybe that's not the best advice maybe even though they're moldable they're clearly not moldable enough because the likelihood of divorce is going up so that's what I was saying I I don't think that's arguing in bad faith it is because I'm just saying because you brought it to a completely different topic I don't think that's a different topic but okay to com it's not a different topic when you're saying these younger women are more moldable and they're better I'm saying then how come it's like the same kind of arguments you make then how come you're more likely to get divorced with those women that's my question well how is that not relevant it's on it's on age Gap though there's also a demographic shift in that too so if you're if you're talking about a guy who's 50 and a woman who's 35 that's a whole lot different than if it's you're talking about a guy who's 40 and a woman who's like 25 there because if he's going to say that women are more moldable as as like they get as they age a woman who's 25 years old is going to be probably a little bit more like let's say fresh and naive I guess well you know a little less experienced to put it nicely than a woman who's 35 who's already got another 10 years on the woman who's 25 so is the 35-year old woman also as multiple as a 25-year old and I would argue that that's not the case well and then the super young like the I'm sure if you guys actually are looking at Stats I think you do a good job of this 20 a woman younger than 25 is more likely to get divorces too the good ages are 25 to 32 are the best ages to get married statistically for the Le least likelihood of divorce well unfortunately that's not how it works right now it's uh what is the average age of first marriage is 30 for women and 32 for men right now I get that but a lot of this show is saying oh these younger women are better and they're moldable and blah blah blah and I'm saying those younger women are actually by by following the advice of this show you are putting yourself at a greater statistical likelihood of divorce that was my argument well you're also here's the thing you're not taking everything into account we also teach guys you need to be financially you know aware you need to be in shape you need to have frame you need to be a leader you need to be dominant Etc all these other things come into play and then you go ahead and get the younger woman so you're just you're missing all the other stuff that we're giving contextually what I'd like to know is so there's like a top five reasons for divorce and the majority of the divorce is initiated by women so my my question is in the where there's a larger age Gap what are those top five reasons are they the same top five reasons uh if if you're talking about somebody who's three years apart uh three years I don't I don't think there was any great statistical likelihood of your divorce going up for three years but the five 10 years five I think it was what I'm saying is like are the reasons the reasons like for I think domestic abuse is like third I don't I know in general like infidelity lack of commitment those are but I don't know if I've seen any data specifically singling out the couples with the biggest age Gap and why those couples specifically got divorced yeah so like I said because you're saying oh because you're only taking one piece of information saying well statistically speaking you're the rates of uh divorce are you know going to go up which that might be true but if you follow the other things we teach getting your money on point getting in shape having frame not being a loser uh not letting woman lead you know what I mean like being dominant and assertive that's going to make you way more attractive I mean maybe but I I wouldn't I haven't seen any data on that either that if you're if you're this and you're that and you're richer than the 10 year the woman that's 10 years likely is less likely 10 years younger than you is less likely to divorce you I think the money because there is a lot of evidence that the more money make up to a certain yeah you and then it goes to like 600 and then it goes up and go it's like a whole thing but other than that I haven't seen that fit men are less likely to get divorced or any of those other things you're saying the money one is the only one that has statistical syst you measure fit men getting divorced I don't know that's why I'm asking no you never would but and there's probably never going to be a way to measure that but what I am saying is though is that when you look at guys that you know get divorced or whatever what happens they don't see it coming why don't they see it coming because they don't understand female nature they don't understand frame they don't understand being attract so that's what I would use to measure it I think what he's saying is what you're saying is relevant but the the thing is these are men who are just dating women because they're younger and they're still not prepared to date women at all and so the difference in age Gap has a is a problem but you're saying if you're able to if you're financially success successful and you're able to lead that this would not be an issue yeah because the thing is when most guys get divorced they don't see it coming a lot of the times so when they don't see it coming well that tells me you don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on you're unaware you are don't realize that you already lost a relationship years ago months ago whatever and it's because you don't have frame i' I'd be curious as to I think one of the main reasons why a woman who's like 15 10 even 20 years younger than someone is marrying them I think they would be financially stable but you know maybe they're not well yeah that's that's of course that's a component but that's the problem cuz he relies on that too much speculation wait I want I want to say something quickly I think with all due respect even if you have all those great things going for you when it comes to people getting young and and people getting married young in general they're much more likely to divorce and I think a big part of that is that your brain is fully not developed you're still not your longterm decision making skills are not fully developed so I think like even if you're like this amazing guy if you're getting married with a woman who's like too young um as she like matures and grows older and that part of her brain changes she might start making different decisions so I think that's another reason to keep in mind that like hey maybe waiting like a little bit later is a better choice because she's more emotionally and mentally mature and can make stable decisions yeah and 25 I think that's literally 25 26 is when the prefrontal cortex fully developed so that's that's one you should say that couples who marry before age 32 experience lower divorce rates there's a sweet spot in terms of meral age for those looking for the least risk of divorce that's because uh couples who marry at 25 are 50% less likely to divorce compared with couples who marry at 20 uh but those who marry after age 32 divorce rates increase by 5% per year until the age that uh until the age they are wet yeah that's why I said 25 to 32 so that exactly well the 25 is a sweet spot right yeah 25 to 32 people when they say oh no get a woman is like young as possible 18 that's when you start running into the fact that her brain's not fully developed so you might even you can be this amazing person she's still not fully emotionally mentally matur between 18 and 28 is when women are in their party or their whole phase any as it is anyways that's when they're at what's what's better for her to be molded by Society or be molded by you yeah she's impressionable at that point and she isn't like fully developed as you guys would say but why not develop her under your frame where she understands through your lens how to operate how to move how to behave Etc I think it's better for me to take her when she's still impressionable and mold her into the woman that I want Versus Society doing it for me let's be honest society's going to turn her into a promiscuous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that thinks that it's okay to sleep around and do a bunch of stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and have indiscriminate sex with the highest status guys that she can get and then she's going to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up when I get her well I think the point is that even if you try to mold her just because like mentally she's not fully developed she might be making these choices with you that once her prefrontal cortex is fully developed she'd be making different choices so it's like okay like you can still find a partner that has your same values aligned that you don't risk the whole idea of like oh no now you have the mental maturity things have changed the brain chemistry has changed and now you have that risk so I think it's a little bit less riskier to find could the risk be because you know men find her the most attractive in that time period between let you say 18 and 23 that that also her relative attractiveness she's aware of it because of let say social media that makes it more likely for her her to want to divorce you saying that um no I think the risk is literally just the fact that since a prefrontal cortex isn't like fully developed and has it slowed down yet like if people find her attractive don't find her attractive it's just not the same level of decision- making a 23-year-old making a decision as like a 25y old that's what I'm saying like a so for instance her ability to determine this is wrong I'm in a relationship and I shouldn't be doing this is not fully formed before the age of 25 so even though she's more attractive to most men her ability to stay in the relationship is is going to be hard for her because she's under the age of 25 do you think they're all divorcing under the age of 25 too cuz I think the average year like amount of years people are married like seven years so so are you saying that to yeah so are these people that are marrying at like 19 you're saying they're getting divorced I I don't know that's what I'm asking I'm saying the the proposition of is that one of the reasons why you think that the divorce rate would be higher with a greater uh difference in age why do you think is that why you think I don't know it could be I mean that right like we want them more but that means they have more options so in that case they would need to be divorcing while they're still in their Peak ages so that's could be 5 years 18 18 to 25 is seven years yeah maybe but I don't I don't know and also keep in mind women are fairly delusional as to like where their sexual market value Peak actually is women tend to think it's five to 10 years actually what it really is so then that would be going kind of against it no but you're but you're saying they'll like you said women will divorce at like what 25 to 32 no I said 25 to 32 is the best ages where they'll be least likely to divorce under 25 has a higher likelihood and over 32 has a higher likelihood It's s hero well the other thing too is that um I would say the internet right the grass well that's and that's that's the whole I'm looking at the study right there it's it's comparative to where we were like in the 20th century versus the 21st century so if you look at divorce rates they tend to be going down because fewer and fewer people are actually getting married in the first place so we're at the lowest rate of marriage and like record history like 5.1 per 1,000 or six we might have come up to six recently but was at 5 .1 and has gone steadily down since 1965 when hormonal birth control was introduced you know do you know the one group of women where it's not going down for though it is highly educated women and women of high soci they have more resources to lose that's why but yeah but still it so there's validity in what you're saying but also the ones who do get divorced are the ones who are college educated so the stats reflect in both ways so the ones who are least likely to get divorced are the ones who are college educated but then the ones who get divorced the majority of them are the college educated ones that doesn't make sense no no so two different stats think about it separate your brain the ones who so you're saying that there are women who are college educated they are the least likely to get divorced but of the ones who do get divorced the majority of those women who do get divorce a college educated you get it now I would say that those women that are yes I think if you're college educated you have resources you're going to be less likely to stay in a shitty situation for money I agree with you there okay but you see how they're saying that the stats play out from that perspective as well and another thing that I want want to mention is I think the disparity when we're talking about these stats is like when you're talking about people breaking up at these ages most of them aren't being taught this information about how to be a high value man how to exemplify these various different characteristics so what they're talking about comes from a totally different frame versus the statistics that we're looking at for most divorces or separations or whatever it may be I'm just saying like if you want to lower your likelihood of divorce the three things you should be doing is a woman who's between 25 and 32 it's her first marriage and she's college educated if you can if you can get someone with my level of Education the divorce rate Cuts in half Highly Educated people one we're getting married more than everyone else is going down we're going up this is the best thing you can do if you want to have a long marriage go get college educated marry between 25 what about what about a woman's previous sexual partners before she's married so there's that are you talking about the Institute of family studies so I guess in that case yeah after nine or 10 it goes up but two is apparently the worst if you have two partners you should have sex with a few more and then you'll be in The Sweet Spot I guess uh you know what what I meant before was the you know the concept of I don't know if you can pull up that study but um oh the new one right yeah uh so when they surveyed uh women they surveyed 7,000 women and they asked them the ones who said that they cheated and the ones who said they didn't cheat the ones who did cheat said that they had had sex with about nine partners and the ones who didn't cheat it was about 3.8 and so it was 230% more sexual partners for women who did cheat than didn't yeah so I I agree high body count does increase your likelihood of divorce but actually that isn't as significant as the three I said the top three things that's not the only three things you should look for so I I I think that's totally fine if you are somebody who's like I really don't want to get divorced blah blah blah I want to find someone who's like if you are virgins getting married have the least likelihood of divorce you can do all that but to say oh I'm only going to look at body count but then I want a girl who's 19 not college educated blah blah blah you're kind of shooting yourself in the foot is what I'm saying statistically well well here cuz here here's the thing cuz you were saying like oh yeah that's actually bad advice because you guys tell guys to get women that are young in their Peak years 18 and 23 what I'm saying is that that's just one component of what we tell guys to do but on top of that right that ability to do that is contingent upon your skill set as as a man in your competence are you getting money are you in shape Etc are you actually more than likely the best option that she can get compared to her peers if the answer is yes then you're going to be fine like I get what you're saying well actually how do you know they're going to be fine do you just feel it how do like where are you getting that if you have your money right Etc because I assume that if you're a 20-year-old and you're marrying a 35y old you're not going to marry and you're attractive you're not marrying a broke 35y old but you're still going to be likely to divorce him so I'm curious as to why you think that cuz you're only cuz what you're saying here is you're just going off of Just strictly age but on for average people too like remember keep in mind a lot of these guys that are getting divorced Etc they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suckers oh happy wife happy life my wife is the boss like all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we've indoctrinated men to believe where women are leaders they're not and do you think this is over represented in the group that's marrying younger women than than the nor 100% because most men are Sims and most and most men don't understand what it takes to be attractive to women because the things that make a man attractive are not politically correct so it's not often taught if you do teach Guys these things what happens you get get canceled you called get called a misogynist you get labeled like we are where we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but we tell guys what it takes to really be attractive to women and unfortunately when you display these things it's unfavorable to women because you start to reveal the unflattering realities about female nature women want the best guy women want a guy that's better than them in every single regard women are very surface level when you actually look at what they're attracted to women what they're attracted to is actually way more linear than guys think from a physicality standpoint so when you start to say these things you get labeled the massagist and they censor you so most men have not had this information for decades so but are simps more likely to marry a woman 10 years younger than them that's my question like are why if the divorce rate is higher for people that are marrying women 10 15 20 years younger than them are those men more likely to be simps because they're more likely to get divorced well what I what I'm saying is that the knowledge that I'm that we provide because you're just looking at it from an age perspective what I'm saying is that you can't just go ahead and say I'm going to get a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's 21 and not Tak in all the other stuff that we're given cuz yes you will get divorced what I'm saying is that the guys that you're talking about that are getting divorce off of this age Gap Etc they're not uh sorry they're not applying all the other things that we teach men how do you know that though how do you know they're less likely to apply it than most people are average most people most men and women are average here here's here's one piece of data so Dr bus talks about this in uh the evolution of Desire about the May December wedding and this has to do with uh the amount of mate guarding men do uh when the wife is significantly younger than them and so what he's saying is like these are behav that generally we would consider like can we say simpy behaviors YouTu it's like being like overly reactive in the situation and not having boundaries to the point where they get like digging through their phone or what if I had to dig through my girl's phone I would just break up with her you know what understand and so the the point is this is yeah this is this is essentially what Dr bus talks about in these relationships there's exceptional mate guarding which comes off as like you know kind of beta behavior and so I think that kind of leads to what he's saying so then you you would say that you are more likely to exhibit that beta Behavior if marrying a woman that's way younger than you well the the reason why is because she is so much I want to know so so the point I'm trying to make is because she is more attractive to more men like the point at which he'd get more right swipes this is just one data point that's the reason why he would be more Covetous of her does that make sense yeah okay now if he had boundaries and had a fundamental understanding of his value and had the ability to understand hey I can move on this won't uh you know enforce those boundaries exactly he had the ability to enforce those boundaries he would be less likely to get divorced so I mean sure that's speculative but so you are saying then that yeah those men that are marrying women younger than them you're you're speculating that maybe a reason for that could be what you're saying well that they act more simpy yeah I mean that's what Dr bus would say yeah okay I mean I mean a majority of men are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean let's just I mean those men are also marrying women within their age range my question is I want to isolate the variable of age and then ask you guys why you think so he gave one reason maybe it's because of whatever you yeah mate guarding but we don't have any actual data as far as I know actually linking those two things not likely to get it in this current environment so that's one reason so I was just asking what your opinion was as to why and maybe you have a similar opinion well hold on the M this is all a big umbrella you understand that makeu guarding is a symptom of not understanding female nature appropriately it it's it's all the the problem is not so okay he gets money mhm marries a younger girl look at Pino right now right even though she's out of the range I'm using it as example right a woman that's significantly younger than him getting divorced so what what happens a lot of times is guys don't understand their own value they get with a girl they pedestalize her she thinks she's better than him and then ends up leaving I could do better so that's that's what I mean speculation she wears the pants in a relationship a lot of marriages you ask the guy why do you think the the the whole phrase happy wife happy life is a thing yeah so I would say like that's one reason you guys are putting for it that's one thing you're positing I would agree with pixie because we have a lot of other data that people don't make the best decisions and they change their mind when their prefrontal cortex isn't as developed so I would say that's if it was up to me just because we know that that affects their decision-making and that they're more likely to regret things they do under 25 that would probably be a good reason for why they probably are getting divorced but what did that make sense to what Myron's saying because if you're saying that women are more likely to get divorced because their free prefontal cortex is not developed they're not able to make rational decisions aren't they more likely to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] set up by being led by Outsider influences such as their young girlfriends Instagram these various things and what we're talking about is it's not just on the basis of of of the the stats that are out there if you have a man who's actually going to lead you and guide you in the right direction that's very very different than the average age Gap or disparity weally a man with with means and has the older and better Jud cares about you and cares about your personal development as woman at 25 who's been socialized by Society is less likely to get divorced I don't yeah but but let's let's there's one other thing CU there's a Washington Post article that talks about May December weddings and the difficulties of it and that is the concept of like if say she's 25 and I'm 50 that's 25 year difference when the kids are in college I'm going to be you know 68 years old and she's you know however old she is and there's a difference and I what I one thing that I think makes a difference is that 46 and being in shape is very different than the average 46y old man who's got like a BMI of you know 50 whatever so I think that's another issue in this case and so that's that's the issue like what I'm saying is you get to a point where I can't play football with my son because I'm too old but if you keep yourself in shape then I don't think that would be as much of an issue yeah I'm sure if you keep yourself in shape and you stay attractive to your partner your likelihood of divorce is is lowered I agree with that but we just Haven we don't know what to isolate here all we know is that men who get married to women that are significantly younger than them and the more younger they are the higher your likelihood of divorce now you guys are saying if you have enough money and blah blah blah although I would I would speculate that these women that are marrying the 25-year-old who's marrying The 40-Year-Old is probably doing so because he's at least well off somewhat cuz he's you know um so I she just thought I was funny high value she thought you I mean sometimes attract ATT comes with that as a byproduct as well don't you agree that when you see a man who's like confident assertive the attractiveness also comes as a byproduct of that it may not necessarily be on the basis of wealth or this or that it may be because there's a Charisma or something that younger people may not necessarily have but okay I think the point is that like you guys are already by this basis of having a young woman marry an older man he has have some level of high value right because then otherwise why would the young woman marry that man yet despite this we still see like a pretty high rate of failure so the idea is that like hey it doesn't necessarily matter if you're high value or not there's a certain age where she's too young her prefrontal cortex is still developing you can guide her as much as you want but it's it just comes down to simple brain chemistry while when she's 25 past she's more stable mentally she is more congruent and she's able to make those longm after so here's the thing um having high value and having game are two different things there's plenty of guys and I don't want to make this very clear for the L just so we understand being a high value guy doesn't necessarily mean you're still good with women there's plenty of guys that are high value that have their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together have some status have some uh respect Etc but they're terrible with women yeah I specifically I remember again from evolution of Desire is the concept of if I am in my 50s and she's 25 my ability to replace her is less and that is what all of us no matter if it's a three-year age difference or a 25 year age difference vly uh suggest men do not get into that situation not to leave your wife but to at least be in enough shape good enough shape and to have enough Charisma and to have enough uh financial means to where if you had to you could because if your wife believes fully that you're the best or she's the best you can do and you could never replace her then that that's where we could end up in some of these problems yeah but I like what pixie and I are saying is that usually a woman who's 25 if she's marrying a 50-year-old or a woman who's 20 who's marrying a 35-year-old he usually has some of these things that's what attracted him her to him right if she he so some of some of these things you're talking about money we're talking about other things so like for instance an abundance when it comes to women or an abundance when it comes to networking or the ability to communicate having some level of Charisma the ability to network or having a sense of humor that other people find attractive that Network those things right there a lot of men won't have now what happens is because she in his mind she's much much less much less replaceable can't get another 25y old girl or he believes he can't that's going to be a situation where more likely she's more likely to leave and in this situation her from the outside looking in or from the inside looking out from her situation she's getting a lot more right swipes she's getting a lot more attention she's receiving a lot more stimulus because of her age and so those two things together may cause a higher divorce and this is where numbers and stats kind of kind of collide with common sense so I know right and I'm sure all of you know this ladies from your experience as a woman dealing with men in general most men that come up to you probably aren't attractive correct yes most guys that come up to you probably aren't attractive maybe for different reasons maybe they're not cognitively high enough maybe they're not hot enough maybe they're not tall enough maybe they're not uh intelligent enough maybe they're not interesting or funny enough so we can agree that women find most men unattractive now let's go ahead and add in uh an extra part to like filter it out some more now uh you don't find him physically attractive enough okay now is he actually charismatic and charming and can like you you're attracted to him and you want to follow his lead Etc so most guys don't qualify so I know for fact that most women are not attracted to most men fortunately though right for some guys here they're able to barter with other things maybe their money maybe their status Etc and they're able to get a girl to marry them that's not going to last forever though because he didn't have the prerequisite skill set to actually be attracted from a holistic level he was able to pull her with her money was able to pull her with his clout he was able to pull her with maybe a mouthpiece but he was a Brokey so what ends up happening is the girl since the guy barely got her right she's like oh I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] need this guy and then the reason why cuz you're saying well how do you know with the age Gap that why um why she's leaving Etc well I know just off rip that most guys are simps and most guys don't understand that they need to lead the relationship especially in the west you said earlier right that you like uh more liberal men okay and and I know you make a bunch of arguments for that Etc you're a minority most women don't like how liberal men behave because most liberal men perform treat a relationship egalitarian they think that men and women are equal they go ahead and say what do you think what's your opinion most women don't want that I know that that's what you want but most women don't like so I so you're saying most men are whatever all this you're true but how you would have to explain my stat is by saying that those men are over represented in the group that are marrying younger women otherwise it wouldn't make sense because that would if most men are sims then most men who marry the women in the same age range are sims too but for some reason there's something true yeah they are but the divorce you have to explain that by saying that the men who marry women younger than them are over represented in simpness yes because they're the reason why I can say that hold on the reason why I can say that so conclusively is because I know that most men don't understand female nature so the men that are pulled that are getting married to these younger women that are getting divorced right but that with this age Gap that you're describing what I'm saying is that they might have pulled her with one skill set maybe two skill set maybe they had money but they were Charming but they're ugly or whatever uh who knows the point I'm trying to make is is that um this age Gap doesn't account for their ability to be a leader and be attractive in other facets because women have a multivaried analysis of what they like saying is those men that are marrying wearing younger to them have to be less likely than people who are marrying people in the same age for it your for it to make sense why they're getting divorced at higher rates they're average guys yeah but the average guys are also marrying women in their age range are they more average if they're marrying someone younger than them that's what I'm no no there's a baseline here and most guys are average so by default just cuz he's marrying lower lower age woman we're talking about average as far as like being attractive and understanding feem I'm not talking about socio economics I'm talking like they they they have certain preconceived thoughts where um they just don't have attractive traits in their behavior that's what I'm saying and and are those men to be more likely to marry women younger than them than men who don't have the men who have charm that's my question they think Maring a woman as younger is going to be better for them but by default they're still a simp they still don't understand women naturally are so are men who marry women younger than them more likely to exhibit simp traits than a man who marries a woman 25 and older and generally in the same age range that has a less I want to know what the age differential we're talking about here because we really need a clar said okay so 10 years years increases your likelihood of Divorce by 4% because right statistically speaking women tend to like they desire anyways guys who are anywhere between 3 to seven years older than they are so it comes out to about five years as the difference is are we talk if the guy's five years difference are we now in a different category so you are but the likelihood of divorce is still higher than if you marry someone within three years but 10 years is when like 10 years it goes up by 40% that's quite a big difference so I would say like a lot of you guys you guys are in your 30s and you guys at least like some of the stuff I've heard oh I want a woman who's 20 21 22 you are that woman is more likely to divorce you than a woman at 25 is that's what I'm saying if you're a regular guy key key if you're a regular guy you're you're excluding all the other advice we give you're excluding you're saying okay cystically speaking if you're a regular guy and you get with a girl 10 years or above you have a higher chance of getting divorced true however if you implement all the other things we teach on this podcast with understanding frame understanding what arouses women versus what attracts them the difference between that getting your money out Point getting in the gym being attractive understanding how tonality how to speak to a woman uh properly right speaking to her in a certain type of way versus uh speaking to her speaking to a woman versus speaking to a man if you understand all these things that's going to significantly reduce but that wouldn't that reduce it for everybody so my question is here the here's the thing the difference is uh I forget if it's called attractiveness differential or attractiveness quoti or attractiveness quoti differential something like that uh they talk about an evolutionary psychology the difference it's not just his simp versus her attractiveness it is the quote it is the Delta between the two that then makes him more simpy do you understand what I'm saying I get it so I agree with you because people uh relationships last longer when you marry somebody or you're with somebody of kind of equal attraction for sure because because there's because there's a lot there's a leverage point I do have a question though for you uh kind of on the same line um you you would agree I obviously what we're talking about here that women would just in general be able to get more attention from guys than the other way around right that's a leverage point in the relationship meaning like if she wanted casual sex she could get it faster than like a celebrity right okay in that instance do you believe that a more successful relationship would be for a woman to be more into her man than the than the other way around I would say that I personally I think it should be a partnership but if it is a partnership and she has the leverage point of being able to get so much more attention like we talked about in this may December wedding do you see how that's a a a problem like she has this leverage point that he doesn't have and more access a lot more access versus the it depends on the person like I don't think that just having leverage or access to other people means that now that needs to be leveled out by you liking this guy more than right but but he doesn't have this leverage point that she does have do you understand okay I guess another question would be do you think a successful relationship or relationship would be more likely to be successful if a man leads in a relationship I don't think so you don't think a relationship would be more successful if a man leads no there you go I I don't I don't think there's any is impossible again again I don't think I don't necessarily think it's less successful so a lot of times like leading I mean I don't know what that really looks like or means but like a lot of traditional conservatives they do have marriages that last longer but that see that has been attributed at least from the research to going to church these kinds of things make you more likely I haven't seen anything what's the bottom line of church Rel in the church that would be the thing is that the man leads going to say three major religions plan I would say I would say that you also think you take marriage more seriously you think it's a Celestial bond from God like those things are going to make you take marriage oh let's not forget Hindus have the lowest divorce rate well marriages shout out to our Hindu Brothers I mean in the Middle East I'm middle Easter my parents are both immigrants from Iran they just don't get okay so you don't believe that a man should lead in a relationship I think it depends on the people in the relationship some women they like that and I think those relationships can be just as happy and work out and I think in other relationships they want it would you agree that it's a majority like a staggering majority of women that prefer the man to lead don't think it's a staggering majority I don't think I'm sorry I'm confused of what you guys mean by lead me too I'm okay let me go ahead and qualify Define it the man is the primary decision maker he can go ahead and get his woman's opinion however any serious decision is made by the man um moving anything like that uh he is their predominant bread winner the woman works from an elective standpoint and uh he's dominant assertive and a bunch of other you know masculine traits that we tend to know so one of the reasons and rer brings us up sometimes is that one of the precipitators of divorce would be if she starts making more money than him right so again now now we have two leverage points she makes more money than him and she by default gets more attention than him and so now he has lost on two leverage points and the likelihood of divorce increases that's why we're bringing this up do you can you see like on average you think more most women would want a man to lead would you least say most it depends what you mean by lead like when you say make all the decisions not make all the decisions we're still obviously final decision maker he can consult with his wife The Authority in the marriage I have not seen any data to back definitely anecdotally which is the only things I can go off of I haven't seen instances of when the man is more likely to do that now I think where you can make a correlation is that traditional conservative people they all also more likely to go cuz we have that we have that we know that people who go to church more who are more religious are more likely to stay married um so and those relationships May typically take on that that traditional provider and Homemaker role more and I have no problem with those kind of relationships I just don't like a one- siiz fits all because I don't think people want I want of course not one siiz fits all but there is definitely a one- siiz fits most where are you getting most like okay look um I the thing is is that if you look at what women are attracted to right the things that women are attracted to all symbolize superiority so if the guy is going to be superior in every way from a physicality standpoint a competi standpoint Etc it would make sense that he leads women find it un I mean even if you look at like women I want a guy that plans a date I want a guy that pays when you look at the things that women are attracted to the man is almost always controlling the frame you talking about anecdotal I'll just say anecdotal too 46 if if if I were in a situation where I consistently were like yeah honey you make the decisions and all these things I would get left like I just can't think of a single your relationship but like I'm a lawyer and I like in those kind of like my friends that are also pretty they have like Partnerships it's not like the male that's the minority though that but what I mean is where are you getting the most though because also you're saying yeah they want men who are he Superior to them and competence I'm not see seeing that in any way in fact education because the the Gap is reversed a lot of time like now they've done all these studies where women are more okay with men making one less money and also they kind of have to be because 68% of the college gradu than ever and all these other negative rep think we just evolutionary malfunction in 2020 go ahead go ahead thank you um I kind of do want to push back on the income standpoint because like that data point becomes like a lot more varied when you research into it for so for example when you ask women like oh are they okay or do they want the man to make more income or what happens when the woman makes more income well in a lot of cases she's making more income but she's expected to do the same amount of household labor as before so now she's being the bread winner and she's doing all the household chores so then in those cases a woman feels dissatisfied in the relationship because she feels like too much of the burden of Labor is on her do you feel do you feel like like say from an evolutionary standpoint women just have a proclivity to feel more dissatisfied in a relationship than a man um I'm not sure so the reason why wi cuz there's actual studies on where you can control for men and women which would be comparing the divorce rate for lesbian couples than you would for homosexual couples and in those relationships lesbians get divorced at 200% the rate that homosexual men do and they're way more violent as well they like beat each other okay wait that's that's also a really weird stat because it could also be that like lesbian couples are more likely to like let's say report on demestic violence while for I agree with you with the domestic violence I personally think they're not strong enough to knock each other out that's way I keep fighting each other but my my point is even when they don't have men to blame they leave marriages more than men do do you you see what I'm saying yeah I'm just not sure if that's NE like I I think it's kind of weird when we take it into like different sexual orientation cuz I don't know if like NE necessarily the Dynamics of Interest changes there like lesbians are attracted to other women so they're attracted to other feminine qualities like I I rather focus on straight relationships although I understand in lesbian relationships there's typically a dominant there's still a masculine and a feminine a lot of so so so like from a from a uh role standpoint still there it's there's still a masculine and feminine it's just that what and and this everything pretty so many studies show this women just tend to get bored in relationships faster than men significantly faster but hold on the thing is we're not blaming you we're saying do you understand from an evolutionary standpoint what that would have to be we live we lived uh in the 15th century where kiaan and gangas Khan killed 10% of the human population they would murder the men and then they would take new wives those women had a choice I'm either going to take a new husband or I'm going to die we we get there are different points to our evolutionary history where women had to Monkey Branch from one man to another I I understand what you're saying you're saying a woman get dissatisfied faster but regardless of that we can still acknowledge that hey if a woman is gaining a greater income and it's also still doing a greater majority of the household chores that's going to contribute to her dissatisfaction because she just feels like the scales are so uneven but when it comes to the cases of like oh no men doing the same or more amount of household chores and she's maybe making less or same income there's variables that you can play here where the woman doesn't feel as dissatisfied that's why I'm trying to I think the the cuz okay I see what you're saying she's making money and she's coming to home to do homem making stuff cool but I think the more important thing here is that her being in the bread winner position is really the main focal point where the issues arise because women don't really do that well when they're in a breadwinner position with a man they just don't and they don't want to be by the way you know and and again I know Jasmine's going to say well that's not Etc you're going to use your personal because both of them an egalitarian ideal for for a relationship or an egalitarian ideal for for a marriage I hold I want to get the girls involved it's conservative thing is more hierarchical

- Our life as an OnlyFans couple!: Kind: captions Language: en what's up hi guys welcome back to another vlog it's been a crazy week for us here in um the party house that has been really crazy it has been crazy but i feel like it has been crazy because we haven't been doing anything like i feel like i'm always more organized when we are doing a bunch of stuff but we've literally just been like laying around the last few days so it makes me feel more crazy yeah today we are just doing a regular spend the day with us um here at home it's gonna be working um i'm gonna show you some behind seating stuff behind the scenes of how we do our spicy content yeah we're going on our trip in like four days so that's super exciting yeah today is just kind of like a rainy stay at home day and i think i don't know this is i don't know if this is going to be a one day or two day vlog yet we'll see yes it's raining i don't know if you can hear behind us i'm sure you guys can but it's raining right now it is and it keeps alerting us that it might be hopefully a full rainy day i feel like we're not going to end up doing much today besides working from home but we'll show you guys as much as we can as always we need to work yeah catch well yeah let's get to it let's get to it y'all okay so we got the whole background set up um obviously i can't show you the bluff i have um but yeah ness is all ready yes i can't really show you the full fit but the makeup is done the outfit is on we're gonna do some pictures in front of our spooky background so we'll show you that now see on camera now while the lighting is like a little bright in here i guess or a little dark but i got we got a giant see it um back pillow we also got these couple of other pillows right here that i got going on here because we're gonna do the photos here on the floor i'm gonna lay a blanket on like a spooky blanket just here in a second i've got some candles going on and we got this ambiance background and of course the most famous tik tok light that you know the sunset light um and no was it a scam do you think um i thought it was a scam because it took like three months to arrive but it finally did so it's kind of scary a little bit all right so let's get to the shoot right yes all right we just cleaned up we did got the photos done pretty much took a few pictures we're probably gonna do another video and take more pictures tonight just not to feeling good the past few days because of everything going on but um i'm trying my very best so have you guys ever done this where you're like your having a lot of meat and you gotta run like hot water once you get something that's what i'm doing because they're starving right now all right so we're gonna make some dinner what time is it it's about five it's probably like 5 30 by now but yeah make some steaks fried rice and then i'm probably gonna clean up these are our steaks our fried rice is i can grab one of my pinchers hello you guys welcome back it is the next day we are continuing the vlog i think we left off yesterday at like dinner time we didn't really do much last night we just edited the pictures from yesterday for the spicy stuff um yeah we just did our regular little nightly routine last night nothing too exciting after we ate dinner but now today we have some errands to run so we're gonna go to uh the grocery store so we're gonna take you guys along with us to the grocery store i just scratched my tattoo and that's about it we're also getting ready for like our getting ready for our road trip that's on monday so we're really excited for that i feel like the next vlog that's gonna be up is probably the the trip one so we're gonna be getting ready for that the next few days here i feel like this vlog will probably run on until tomorrow night so y'all will see us starting to get ready for all of that also sorry about the pause in between the vlogs lately i'm having trouble figuring out how to upload the vlogs from my laptop now that i'm editing on the camera i've been editing on the laptop instead of my phone and it's super easy to get vlogs up from my phone but for my laptop it's like not working so i do apologize gonna be figuring that out today when we come home from publix and getting groceries but let's go yeah yeah oh miss salem is looking so pretty today hey i'm gonna get you i love you look he likes to play tag watch [Music] you just hear him galloping good boy all right salem we'll be back shortly so we didn't get to film in publix because it was very overstimulating but we're leaving now thank you publix it was a good time here's all of our stuff it's busy i mean it's really not that busy but it looks busy because they're doing construction on the other side of the parking lot so everybody and their mother has to park over here we just made um spoisy what yeah we made some spicy contact content we did make some spicy content we did a little video we took some pictures and yeah yeah i'm probably gonna hop online and stream for a little bit yeah all right so we we got a mission now we on a mission this old man driving like 40 miles an hour through my neighborhood almost hit me when i was pulling out i swear every vlog that i'm in in a car or something like that i'm like always reminding you guys not to move to florida all right so we secured the bag we got our pumpkin spice and jay got the pineapple refresher he's gonna try because they didn't have the any of the other refreshers uh yeah we got two cake pops too so yeah and the worker there that's a pretty nice guy shout out to the work we should have asked his name yeah grab his ass his name i wanted to ask his name but he can't see me i was like i'm so we're on to the next chapter we're going to the smoke shop to try to find a cbd pen we're gonna go see my parents but they're not home yet they're not gonna be home for like another hour or two so maybe later we'll go see my parents possibly later we'll see all right so how was your pumpkins camp rock can't bro but anyways that was your pumpkin spice my pumpkin spice was very good my pumpkin spice is very exquisite today it's very spicy yeah my hawaiian whatever hawaiian white hawaiian pineapple [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apple pie the fresher it's pretty good actually it tastes like hawaiian punch do the rain dance all right so we just hit up the vape shop all right i got my um delta 8 starter kit in indica so if you guys don't know what delta eight is basically basically it is a like very concentrated version of like thc cbd whatever you want to call it um i know thc and cbd are two completely different things but delta eight is kind of like a good in between and it's actually like legal in majority of states florida delta eight is like very legal so you can just buy it at like smoke shops and stuff so i just got like a little starter oil kit it's like a vape but just with like the delta eight oil in it and this is kind of what i want to use to replace like my crazy vaping obviously i'm not gonna be like hitting this as much as i'd hit like a vape pen because it does get you a little a little head high people in the vape shop were very nice they helped us out um hadn't been to that specific smoke shop in a long time i actually like forgot it was there but anyways hit up your local vape shops hit up your local skate shops surf shops keep it local my guy and it looks like it's about a storm i'll show you the weather again um because we're your local weather news channel whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dealing with some very inclement weather right now look at this uh so we got some sunny chance with the meatballs in the sky some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that all right so we made it home obviously i'm gonna throw the pizza in now and then we're gonna start getting our online life nightlife ready yeah streaming stuff for both of us so how do you feel about the cause you've obviously been vaping now i'm not vaping but getting that am i feeling i'm feeling i don't know i mean it's definitely one of those things where like each day it's gotten easier the first day it was like a complete disaster i was having a mental breakdown i like didn't know what to do now i'm feeling a lot better like i don't really so much have like the craving to like want to hit my vape anymore it's more just like an aggravating feeling like you always want something the flamingo you always want something you're always craving something i've definitely been wanting to like 420 a lot more this is a little um what is it delta 8 vape that i got which i explained kind of what delta 8 is in the car it is helping i mean it feels nice it's cute love it love her yeah i'm just trying to feel better and definitely like drinking coffee and like making tea and having snacks has helped a lot it's dojorno was it digiorno let's get the oven cranking what kind of pizza do you guys like do you like i like pepperoni and olives hawaiian you like vegetable what do you like i like whatever really as long as doesn't have mushrooms on it i'm down i just don't like mushrooms at all it's just like a texture thing for me i think personally i don't like clams either like she can eat clams i love clams i cannot like i can't do clams oysters hmm i can do calamari get it get it hey get it get it hey hey hey get it get it pop it baby get it pop it hey whoa whoa i'm gonna show you guys how crazy these babies are when jay's making their food ooh scrumptious hungry oh brother's in his spot he's getting ready fish breath let's go you're so good well hey hey hey it's friday what's going on you guys friday yeah i hope you guys are having a great friday yes let's do their eyebrows doing my eyebrows um now because i'm italian my eyebrows grow in like every day i'm doing them before we go on our little sand augustine trip on monday so we're gonna get ready for the trip today and it's pouring rain let me show you that yes crazy also you know it's crazy the queen is dead lucy oh he said for scotland but our plans today usual spicy accounting day we're going to probably do some tick tocks do some i don't know i don't know we're just going to see what today does we make some fish sticks i'm probably going to hop online now um get my stream going for a little bit here while it's a little rainy day so i don't know how the wi-fi is going to be because we got shitty wi-fi here but yeah so let's go do that right now pick up the game room what a pro i just want to show you guys what i'm working on right now this is one of my drawing painting things that i got going it's pretty pretty dope i'm gonna paint it obviously add color to it i have some weird things gone going on here i don't know this is my like weird drawing stuff i draw weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creepy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh but yeah this is my cool wall i got going on here hey guys so i did my eyebrows i'm pretty sure i like burnt off my eyebrow skin or ripped off my eyebrow skin but it's fine um but i'm making me and jay some lunch right now i'm currently making us in mac and cheese and some fish sticks the mac and cheese is boiling we love it we always do like the white the white mac and cheese and then we got some fish sticks the oven is heating up and that's about all hello you guys it is again the next day um i feel like we've just been doing like little clips of each day looks like i've been like blazing four or five joints yeah jay's been having some allergies i don't smoke anymore um but dude look at that i don't know what to do um hopefully getting out of the house helps a little bit yeah like i took allergy medicine probably two days ago maybe i should take it again yeah i'm gonna go to target we're actually gonna end this vlog here and start a new one today so if you want to see today's adventures we're getting ready for saint augustine road trip on monday so that's like a day away now today's saturday so yeah basically we're gonna go to target get the stuff we need so we're going to end this vlog here all of our social media links are down below as always we love you guys jay's struggling stay positive healthy happy and see you guys in a few minutes and if you hopefully i'm not dying yeah how do i stop this thing i

  Top Comments:
  1. @BaconPraline [2 likes]: It's neat to see what everyday life is like
  2. @stevenjanetstrong8725 [1 likes]: How do u get verified as a couple me and my hubby keep getting rejected
  3. @teaganista3950 [1 likes]: so which mac and cheese do you get? the white one from annie’s? or lol? i wanna try ittt
  4. @nightlyoko626 [1 likes]: Eeyyy we all love the supportive partner who encourages and supports the spicy contentttt BUT ALSO THAT BACKGROUND CUTE AF AH
  5. @NaveenSingh-yp3rw: Im from India plz give me job I do anything
  6. @NaveenSingh-yp3rw: Do have vacancy
  7. @LooLooTheBoogeyman: Hey i had some questions about couple content is it alright if I write them here or can i message you guys somewhere els
  8. @cbus3353: What kind of content is on your Onlyfans page?

- I Tried OnlyFans for 56 Days: Kind: captions Language: en - OnlyFans is a website where people sell raunchy content of themselves. I tried posting to OnlyFans for 30 days and it turned out to be the best side hustle discovery that I've made so far. I put everything on the line all to find out how much money can you make from OnlyFans in 30 days with no experience? The OnlyFans platform never says that it's for adult content, but everyone knows it's for adult content. You upload photos and videos of yourself and then people pay a monthly price to get access to that and they can even send you tips to throw more money at you for no reason. and ended up reaching the top 3% of earners on the entire platform. Let me just tell you what happened. I set up my OnlyFans account and I had some idea of the kind of content I was gonna be posting. Just like underwear pics. I did go further than that in the end all in the name of the experiment, of course. Someone who we'll call Brian subscribed to me on OnlyFans and told me not to give into the pressure and not to do anything that I'm not comfortable with. Great advice and I definitely stuck to that. My thought process with the whole experiment was that people can see content for free whenever they want. The reason someone would pay for adult content is to see someone specific and in this case I guess, me, I don't know, I don't know why. So given that it has to be me, I couldn't just start like an anonymous OnlyFans with a fake name and then promote it on new social media accounts. For this to work, it had to be my OnlyFans and I had to launch it here on YouTube. So with that caveat out of the way, let's see how much money I made. I sent my subscription price to $22 a month. Apparently that's fairly high, but I'm worth it. Just kidding. But no, it is $22 a month. On day one, I had just a couple of photos and videos uploaded and I made $52.80 from three new fans. All the numbers I'm gonna be saying by the way are after OnlyFans have taken their 20% cut. By day two, I'd made $200. Whoa. I posted new content daily and then almost everyone who subscribed ended up messaging me, so I always replied to their DMs every day. All of that posting and replying to DMs took less than an hour a day. After a week, I'd made over $500. Crazy, right? And after two weeks I'd made $1,145. That wasn't all from subscriptions, some of that was from people sending me some random tips. I don't really know why. Maybe they really liked what I was posting. It was going insanely well for two weeks in but I was still thinking, how can I take this up a notch? I added a tip menu as in like a list of things that people can send me money for, including a personalized message and a pair of my underwear. Yes, an unwashed pair of my underpants. Some people like that. Lots of people like... Different people like different things. In the 30 days, I shipped out two pairs of underwear, and speaking of delivering, I'm gonna be delivering food to my one millionth subscriber. I'll be setting off with $0 and a food order and I'm gonna be hustling my way around the globe earning money as I go to complete the delivery to my one millionth subscriber. So hit the subscribe button to help reveal my millionth subscriber. By the end of week three, I'd made a staggering $1,258. Even though that's a bunch of money, earnings had slowed a bit compared to the end of week two and that's when I realized that the earnings seemed to correlate with how many views I was getting on YouTube. When my YouTube videos got more views more people came across my OnlyFans link which is in all the video descriptions and more people went and subscribed. I wanted to make my OnlyFans earnings less dependent on YouTube views, so I turned to TikTok. The problem was that TikTok doesn't let you advertise an OnlyFans account directly. Even though OnlyFans isn't specifically for adult content, TikTok knows what people use it for. So instead of getting people to click through on my TikTok ad through to my OnlyFans, I made it click through to my YouTube video where I talk about having an OnlyFans account and then people can click through to it from there. I run my first TikTok ad for two days and I spent $304 on it. That like immediately got me back $278 from subscriptions and tips. So basically I spent $2 acquiring each new fan and some of those will go on to spend more money with me in the future through tips and re-subscriptions. I turned off the ad because I want to spend some time tweaking it a bit more to try to make it profitable but I think this TikTok ad setup is a bit like a cheat code for OnlyFans. By the end of the 30 day experiment I'd made a grand total of $1,628 but I had no idea if anyone who'd subscribed would end up renewing their subscription. Maybe everyone had just subscribed for one month and then not bother sticking around. There was only one way to find out, keep going for another month. On day 31, the renewals did start to roll in and after that I kept going for a total of 56 days before making this video just to be extra confident in the results. 56 days into the experiment I've made a grand total of of $3,942.40. That's $70 a day on average, but in the last two weeks it's been an average of $110 a day. So the earnings per day are actually going up all the time as people stay subscribed and new subscriptions keep coming in every day. The whole experiment's gone way better than I ever thought it would, and I'm gonna keep going with it and I'll give you another update at some point in the future. In the meantime, I've got lots of awesome videos coming out and I'll see you in the next one. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Holstead [4 likes]: UPDATE: Both my wife Kendra and I are running a new experiment each (@YourKendra)
  2. @JackAckley-4152: i was hoping to see like what would actually happen.
but this guys video was made up so he could get views on youtube

everything is fake. when the fake get pushed up over the real it just reminds me "the popular kids in school" (jocks and preps)
  3. @JackAckley-4152: in reality: he got 0 donations and made no mon4ey and the video failed so it makes it more HOLLYWOOD to act like he's the best

fake. news.
  4. @Pignuglama: If I was a chick I'd do the same.... If it works it works, don't hate the playa, hate the game.
  5. @KamsnewNfkeem: Can’t believe I wasn’t subscribed earlier.
  6. @PinkLacher: This was amazing from start to finish.
  7. @SchaefferKurczewski: The sound effects were great.
  8. @RemusLaure: I could listen to you talk all day.
  9. @mulchands-j5m: Loved the energy in this video.
  10. @Vitunraippimanki: My YouTube Didnt work so i might start this
  11. @safaemad-m7p: Your channel is underrated.
  12. @nicoledrejerwski7043: You’re an amazing creator.
  13. @MarkBrazendale: I should've started this years ago I love the sissy themed  content
  14. @AndrewScafidi: This channel deserves to grow.
  15. @Tuoi-t8p: What’s your personal favorite moment?
  16. @TheFiown: I honestly had no idea that men did OF !
  17. @مقتدىحسين-ج2ك: This was short but valuable.
  18. @thuong-t2j: My attention span actually survived this one.
  19. @voluntarism335: A few mistakes here
1 You're a man, no one wants to see a man on only fans because I'm guessing the majority of the customers are heterosexual males.
2 If you were an actual woman you would need to be attractive in other words in good shape and health and your face would definitely have to be attractive.
  20. @BevusDonny: Wow, I never knew that.

- What Onlyfans Actually Does to a Relationship: Kind: captions Language: en Everybody always has an opinion on OnlyFans relationships, but not everybody knows what it's actually like. Yeah, most people don't. Whether you're an OnlyFans creator or you're someone who goes on OnlyFans to watch content, nobody actually knows what it's like. So, today we're going to dive into everything OnlyFans, about our relationship, about couples being on OnlyFans, about partners watching OnlyFans, basically everything to do with OnlyFans. So, last time we talked about this on last week. Last week or the week before, whenever this comes out, it actually did very well. You guys loved that episode, so I think we're going to continue to talk about it a little bit more in-depth because we always say that like OnlyFans is a little bit of a taboo topic, and I love talking about it. >> Welcome back to the Backdoor Podcast. I'm Steph. And I'm Kails. >> And we're Steph and Kails. It's finally feeling like summer here in Minnesota. Finally. >> But, don't hold our hopes up too long. It might get cold again. We'll see. It was literally 80° and then 2 days later it was 29°. >> Mhm. Which happened to be the same day Kaila was doing her Mother's Day photo shoot. Yeah, so I had this whole outfit picked out for me and Gemma to wear like this dress >> skirt, dress, and sandals, thinking it was probably going to be like 50° cuz like whatever, we can run in and out. It's 20° the day of the pictures. Okay, granted, it wasn't outside, so that's good, and I didn't need to like bundle her up to run in and out, but it's just like, really, the day of the photo shoot it's 20°. That's Minnesota. Yeah. >> Like it It's the best way to explain it. 80° one day, 20° the next. Yep. Love it here. So much. >> It's beautiful. Hey, we do have the best summers, though. Like there I the summers are unmatched. Yeah. The land of 10,000 lakes. There's actually a little bit more, and I know Wisconsin has more lakes if you're from Wisconsin, but you guys literally call like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot tub in your backyard a lake. So, we have more real lakes. Swimming pool lakes. >> Yeah. Not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pond. >> I was on a walk this morning, and I was just admiring like just how beautiful like Minnesota is in this time of the year. Like if only it could stay like this all year round. >> round, no complaints. Even if it got down to like 30 and snowed around winter, that's okay with me. I'm okay with snow until Christmas, and then if it's cut off, then I I'll be chill. But, the fact that it stays from January to April is insane. >> The weather's not even bad like up to Christmas. Like it's pretty warm. It's right around 30s and snowy, but January, February, yeah, it gets bad. Those are like the dreadful months. >> Yeah, it's horrible. Every week feels like 2 months in that weather. Yep. Well, a little update before we move into the topic is we are going to be back on Rumble. So, if you guys have been watching us or listening to us on Rumble, it's a very controversial app, and it makes you It allows you to post freely on there. So, we love the app. We are going to be on there a little bit more, and it'll be uploaded weekly just how we upload our podcasts on YouTube and uh Apple and Spotify. Yeah. >> It's just going to be a little bit behind on episodes. >> Yeah, I was going to say Rumble is about 20 to 25 episodes behind. So, I might post more just to like try to catch us up on there. We might do three a week on there if we're feeling brave. Maybe. Yeah. The problem with us on Rumble is when it we were just doing the podcast on there, they didn't used to have shorts, and I was real inconsistent about posting on there. I mean, I was consistent for a little bit, and then I fell out of it, and they didn't have shorts, so it was like all we could post is a podcast kind of thing. But, now they got shorts, so now all of our short-form content and podcasts will be there. Short-form content as in most of our couple comedy. Probably not all of it, but definitely ones that fall into the topics that we talk about will be on Rumble. Yeah. That's It's easy to get inconsistent with posting and uploading because we post and upload on everything. >> platforms. >> And we only have so much time in a day. We've talked about that before on a different podcast. It's just like we only have a manager for a a couple of things. So, both of >> falls on us. >> A lot of it is on us, believe it or not. Um so, yeah. We're very We try to be consistent. Yeah. As much as we can. >> [laughter] >> Mr. Beast was on a podcast talking about how you you got to hire people out, which is honestly really smart. And like if we were touching >> debating it. If we were touching Mr. Beast money, like I wouldn't think twice about it, but it's really hard like when you're used to making what you make to all of a sudden giving portions of your income to somebody else. Obviously, it the turnout will be you'll make more money eventually, Mhm. but it's just like the immediate factor of it is like, uh if I want to give you that >> like with things that are still like in the building stage, like the podcast is still like in a building stage on YouTube since it's not even monetized yet or like on Facebook not monetized yet. Like stuff like that where I feel like it needs to pass a certain line >> Yeah. for me to consider hiring outside work to help with that to take the pressure off. But, right now basically with any creator, like when you're in the building stage, you do it all on your own until you get to a point of where you can actually not afford, but feel less pressure to pay somebody. Yeah, to >> Yeah, I'd rather be taking money from that content to pay them, not taking money from some other content to pay them. >> Yeah, exactly. You're more secure in what Yeah. >> someone to do. >> Let's talk about why we started a little bit again. We don't need to go in-depth. Um we went in-depth uh in the past episode, but Okay, we didn't talk about like what we expected versus reality. So, let's talk about that a little bit. I guess personally like before we did it, I expected more people to mention it to me. Mhm. Like whether it be like my boys like give like giving me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for it or something, and which they do every once in a while, but like It's all little sly comments. Yeah, but it's I have Well, it's just guys, too, but it's like I don't know. We've always been open people, I guess, and I'm friends with people who have done similar things to OnlyFans in their past, so like they only have so much room to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like give me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for it. But, I guess I expected to get a little more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but it's just not like I think something that I expected was or something I didn't really expect is to grow like as much as I have like personally. Like I feel like OnlyFans not even just me, but like you has like brought us out of our confident shell a little bit. Like we're more confident to be able to show more things and just be more of ourself, and um basically put out an image of like being confident in your own skin, which honestly, pat on my back because I would have never been like that. Like when we first started YouTube like that girl, there would have been no way that I would be doing anything that I'm doing right now. >> Mhm, me either. So, it's not like it's not a bad thing in my eyes. Like I've always wanted to be somebody who can show that they're confident in their own skin no matter the size that they are, and as real as their body is cuz I have no work done on my body. So, I like to portray that. Yeah, and one thing I guess you kind of made me think of that I didn't expect is doing it like when I used to think about trying to post certain content or doing something, sometimes you feel like, what will people say? Mhm. Will this even do good? Will I be wasting my time? >> that every single time I post a carousel nowadays. Yeah, but it's just like I care less. Like I'm like >> Mhm. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what you think about me talking about this on a video when there's this other portion of me online. Like I don't What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I scared of? Like if you're going to judge anything, judge the thing that like you know, is something Yeah. I think >> deeper, I guess. I just didn't expect more positives than cons to come out of it, in my opinion. Yeah. For me, there's not really a hard part because like outside judgment doesn't affect me. Like if you Everybody I feel like in this world, not everybody cuz like I try not to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behind people's back, but like you know, people are going to say what they want to say behind your back, and like >> No matter what. >> Don't matter if it's, you know, close family, if it's distant friends, like it doesn't matter who it is. So, if somebody wants to say something behind your back, they say something behind your back. It doesn't matter. Like it doesn't bother me. Unless you're saying it to me, it doesn't bother me. And even if you say it to me, it probably won't bother me, but then that's a situation we can handle in person. It's very different. >> Mhm. But, when people talk about you or like in the comment section, like bro, Get on. >> user4865, you got no profile picture, and you're trying to give life advice. Like I I don't care, bro. And another one that you might think is negative is like jealousy, and I I'm not jealous. We only do content with ourselves, but I'm not jealous ever. I The one thing you could say is I kind of jealous is when I see like somebody making similar content to us, and we know because we're in the circle with a lot of OF creators that they're making more than us a month, and so sometimes I'll be like, we make better content. How are we not at that level or like going trajectory they are? So, that's kind of jealousy but not really. It's just like seeing that we make just as good of content and then how do we up it type thing. Yeah, that was one thing I was going to say with one of the hard parts I think is the comparing. But that's with everything to do with social media. I just think it's a little bit more tough with OnlyFans specifically because like you said there's other creators that don't make as good of content as us. Like that's okay for us to say cuz like that's just my opinion. And like don't post as good of carousels or like you just start to you start to overthink things and it just sends you in a spiral. So, to try to not compare I think is one of the hardest parts to do because with us like we are people that always want to be doing better, not just making more money, but like always growing or always doing something or always switching things up and finding something different. Finding ways to do better or and so like sitting here and comparing like it's tough sometimes cuz like there's I don't know. Yeah, I mean it it does instead of like irritating cuz I feel like jealousy is a a strong word. Like when you're jealous of something you're like irritated by it or bothered. And I'm not personally I'm not bothered but it makes me think like what can I do better to up numbers, to do whatever I'm whatever is like the topic of discussion. Like it's almost more motivating for me. Mhm. It's like you know, just seeing a nice car drive by you. Like how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can get that. Like let's do this. Like motivation. >> Yeah. Because I do feel like uh like there's sometimes where I'm like I've done everything that I think I can do to make my content better. Like with these like carousels that we're doing, these new videos that we're doing. Like I just think that there's a lot of things that we are doing that is improving but things don't move on other things at times. So, like when we get stagnant like us in general like we just get frustrated cuz we always want to keep moving up. >> Yeah. But there's always something to improve on. Always. And like even though we feel like there's not like we've done everything, there's always something. Like you're never you are never the def definition of perfection with anything on social media. Like you can always improve something. You could like Mr. Beast you would look at it and think he makes movies for videos. But that is literally what he tells himself. How can I get better? Like what can I do to be better? I literally watch a video by him and I'm like there's no way that you could redo this video and do it better than this one. Yeah. But you can't. >> the thing with social media is like overthinking is bad. When you overthink something too much you overthink like how you can do things differently and how you can grow differently it's when it turns bad because it sends you in a spiral. And overthinking it makes you want to do things that you don't need to do to grow. Like if you just take it day by day and do things that you feel in your gut it's going to grow and that's just what we've done on every other platform. So, that's how a lot of creators are. Yeah. >> I guess another hard part too is like is the outside judgment. Sometimes like there like for instance like these carousels that we've been posting like in bikini photos. Like God forbid we post a bikini photo. Like the amount of unfollowers is literally insane that you know, you can see stats on every single post. So, the amount of unfollowers from you know, those are a little a little crazy in my opinion but you know, that's okay if you don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with my content like that then that's fine. Yeah, but followers still go up. So, like >> I'm just saying like it's just kind of mind-boggling at times. Like there's girls that wear those types of things in public and you know, stuff like that. So, I don't know. That's just my take on it. >> Yeah, I there's lots of reasons to unfollow people. Like so it doesn't bother me as long as the followers are still going up. And that's >> bother me that people are unfollowing. It bothers me that you're unfollowing because of a bikini photo. You don't know what kind of women these dudes are dating or You don't know what >> That's all. That's all. You know? Yeah, that kind of outside judgment like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your brain a little bit. But it is what it is. It's the type of game you play. So, all in all it's not the content that's hard it's everything that surrounds the content when it comes to that stuff. >> How OnlyFans can change your relationship. Well, we kind of already touched on that for us. Like the pros of it and stuff. >> a whole in-depth episode on that. >> And we did a whole in-depth episode. So, I won't talk too much about that about being creators. So, that's what we talk about when we talk about how it changed our relationship. But from a viewing standpoint like if you're a viewer, a watcher on OnlyFans then that could be a little bit different because not everybody feels the same way on those topics. >> Mhm. Not everything on OnlyFans is also corn so like specifically I'm going to talk about that part of it but I know that not everything is. >> I think that's where a lot of people get things twisted too is like it's not all corn. Like it's not and the creators that started are doing it for another stream of income because it's a paywall. So, to have exclusive content and different types of things that they're not going to see on Yeah. >> the normal feed. I think most I don't know the exact stats but if I had to guess most accounts probably aren't corn but the most of the accounts you know of and will find are. That's just how it's laid out. >> Mhm. But um from a viewing standpoint it's a tricky topic. Like it's super subjective if you're watching it for the corn aspect then it depends on your relationship. Some people think it's cheating. Uh some people don't. Personally I don't think it's cheating. I just think it's not nice and I think it can be crossing the line when it starts to replace things in your relationship if that makes sense. I just feel that's a little extra. Like you're outsourcing satisfaction type of thing. >> Yeah, I don't think it's considered cheating until boundaries are crossed. Like until it's like until it's being kept like a secret or something that you know, you're hiding or um if that's the only way you're pleasuring yourself or finding enjoyment in that way I think that is when the line might be crossed. But other than that I don't think it is. No. And there's actually a lot of couples that watch corn together. Mhm. >> So, like that is almost completely different. But so if you're watching it together then it probably improves your relationship because it's just like any other thing that you do together. Uh if you're watching it separately yeah, it's based on your relationship. Probably more negative impact than not but we haven't really heard You know, I'd like to hear your takes on it. I might open a question box and you know, open that and respond to that on our Instagram. >> What if you're What if you found out your and would you be okay with your partner watching on OnlyFans? Cuz one of them is like sneaky and one of them is not sneaky. So, they're two different questions but they're the same thing. Mhm. Yeah, we should do that. If you're watching on YouTube or Rumble right now, comment down below the answer to those questions. >> Yeah, I'd like to hear what y'all's take is on that one. Yeah, cuz we're not watchers on OnlyFans so it's like kind of hard to answer that. And like if we are subscribed to people on OnlyFans it's either for content ideas or maybe a future collaboration. >> Or or we're curious in what people post. Yeah, that part. >> You said like you we don't scroll OnlyFans really like I don't really scroll social media in general. Like let's let's be real. I do not scroll much at all. Like I scroll maybe reels not often. Maybe like 30 minutes a day at most. I don't think you scroll but you do watch your favorite creators. >> I watch stories. Yeah. >> That's just because I open Instagram and I click it and I You know, that's like everybody's life but I don't scroll reels and I definitely don't scroll TikTok because I have too much posting to do on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, I don't know. I don't like when people talk about these trends or like my cousin says like oh, have you heard about the so and so drama? Like No. I haven't. >> usually hear about drama but I do hear about trends because I scroll. But it's it's hard though cuz my algorithm is like at this point it's built for me. It's our content that comes up on my page. It's similar content to our page that comes up and then it's car content and then it's like random OF girl creators because I help them get wealthy. So, why. >> Yeah, if you're listening to this or watching this, uh stuff can help you with OnlyFans growth. Get Not something I actively promote, but like if you see my IG page, I do in my bio like you can see I kind of promote it. It's more of like if you know, you know type of thing. If you know, you know. Yeah. So, this one is like I feel one of the questions we get quite often is like how do you find time for yourself versus content? >> Mhm. It's not that It's not that hard to understand. It's not like something where where like anytime things are happening, we record. Like that's not the case unless it's something we're doing that we don't usually do and we're like we should probably record this cuz it would be good content. >> Yeah, there is sometimes where I'm like, oh yeah, we should record this actively as things are happening. >> It's like, oh yeah, we should record this. But then you have to turn it into a whole set cuz you can't just record like a little clip and of it cuz that doesn't work on OnlyFans. You have to have like it needs to be a set. Yeah. That's the thing with OnlyFans. Mhm. Um Most isn't recorded though. >> But as like couple creators on OnlyFans, like they definitely have time for intimacy versus content and I guarantee you every single creator has it separated. It's not something where like, oh my god, every time we're doing it, we need to record it or you know, stuff like that. It's not that hard to like understand that there's scheduled times for content making and there's times that aren't. And honestly, I I don't know for a fact, but I do probably assume that most creators only batch um once or twice a week if that. Yeah. So, the the amount of content that you probably see on OnlyFans is probably batched. Yeah, and even this is not just for couples because even solo creators like I've I I don't know, but I highly highly doubt that they record every time that they're feeling some type of way by themself, you know? Like you're just not realistically going to see every spicy movement by somebody. You'll see what I mean, they want you to see, you know? I mean, our content library is very >> Huge. huge. >> been doing it for 3 4 years. >> curious, it's always in our bio on everything. Yeah. And also, I think it gets twisted like just because something looks intimate on social media does not mean it was intimate. >> Right. So, there is definitely staged things and like acting for say. Basically, the whole thing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] role play even though it's not role play. Yeah. And it depends on what the content is because some of like is role play. >> Mhm. Some is not, but it still is because there's a camera at the same time. So, larp as the kids would say. Larping. >> that even mean? >> Live action role playing. Yeah, that's nuts. But they use it as pretending to be something you're not like faking. Like if you rent a car and you post about it like it's yours, you're larping. I don't know. >> I'm getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] old. I keep seeing the larping term on social media and I had to look it up. I'm like this slang term I do not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] understand. Like doesn't What's it What's it supposed to mean? Loser and >> and ridiculous poser or something? Like I was trying to like >> Loser and ridiculous posting. Yeah, like that's what I was trying to like think of what it could mean. Yeah, we're definitely old. >> to look it up and then I told my brother the other day and he's 19 and I was like, do you know what larping is? And he said, yeah. And I said, people really use that term? Like and he was like, yeah, but it's whatever. And I was like, dude, I'm getting old. Eventually, you're going to fall out of the loop too like >> Mhm. Very quickly. >> weird to me. If someone told me I was larping, I'd be like, bro, are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid? What What are you saying? Let me just [snorts] Google it first. >> Yeah, then we get Google Translate. >> So, one of the biggest misconceptions I think about OnlyFans is like it's easy money or like people are just starting it to make easy money. Mhm. And no, like sure it can get you an extra buck a month, but for like consistent longevity, it's not easy money and it's definitely one of the biggest conceptions I think in my opinion. Yeah, so how I kind of feel about OnlyFans is I mean, it's obviously not easy money because there's a lot of people who start and post and can't make money. So, it can't be that easy. But >> terms of like labor, it's easy. Yeah, but in terms of like if you're already a creator with a following it can be a little easier to make money. Yeah. But it's still not easy. It's just like every other platform, you still have to put time and effort into it and build it up the same way that you build up everything else. >> [snorts] >> personally, I don't really think if you don't have the energy or the time or whatever the excuse is to like take it serious and go far with it, then you shouldn't do it because I personally don't think OnlyFans is worth doing you know, for >> half-assed. Like yeah, like I don't think it's worth doing to you know, afford to get you one dinner a month. Like I I don't think you're making enough on it. I don't think it's worth it. I think if you really want to do it, you should take it serious and go big. But if you're just going to like I don't know, post here and there. I mean, if it's fun to you and you want to do it for the fun aspect, that's different. Then go ahead, do your thing. But if you're trying to monetize it and you only want to make a hundred bucks a month, like what I don't see the point in that. I just feel like it's kind of extra for a hundred bucks. There's a lot of other things you could do for a hundred bucks. I think another misconception is like people think it's fake or like you're fake on it. And it is a lot of acting. Like just because like sexual stuff like that can be a little acting. But it I wouldn't say that it's fake because a lot of the things that like I've dropped in the past or like I've done in the past like get ready with like with me, but like OnlyFans edition. So, like it's explicit. It's not like something I would post on It's something I would post on IG without the explicitness. Yeah. So, it's real. It's definitely real. It's not like I'm faking my get ready with me or like put lotion on or like shower with me and get get dressed with me. Like stuff like that. Like that's all real. Like those Everything like that is real. The only thing that could be like taken as fake is like the scripted scenes and acting and stuff like that. Yeah, but I don't really I think that just kind of comes with the content territory. I don't know what it is. >> is. Like it That's just what it is. >> Yeah, fake isn't the right word because yeah, it's just not. It's just what comes with the content. So, closing out the episode, if you know everything now about OnlyFans, would you have started it? Yeah, I would have started it earlier. >> Yep, me too. I would have to agree. Yeah. And >> I would have been like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing? to myself a year before. Start it, bro. Well, we had just started Tik Tok when we started. >> go, run. We had just hit a hundred K on Tik Tok when we started OnlyFans. Yeah. But I think that basically concludes today's episode. I think that we covered a lot in this episode. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, please rate us a five star if you support us because we would greatly appreciate it. It pushes us out to more people so more people can listen to our podcast and learn value from this information. Yeah. Um also, check out the visual versions. They are on Rumble and YouTube at The Backdoor Podcast. But other than that, The Backdoor is now closed.

- Relationship therapy - Only Fans, Cheating & When To Walk Away: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to the not so fit couple podcast with your hosts lucy davis and they've got my name and i'm benjamin and who not to one in a while today's is a very special episode for one it's our first episode back since being lucy got engaged suggested so if you're not on youtube head over to youtube literally right this second pause and go to youtube and then while she's there you may as well subscribe can we can we see that cow we've got it perfect by the way guys so yeah there you go but in other news in today's episode we have dr sarah schwitz who was a licensed clinical psychologist in la and founder of couples learn she's been working with couples individuals since 2008 and advanced training in areas of attraction attachment conflict management i infidelity and a whole host of other areas of relationships in today's episode we're going to be talking about how porn only found on social media has effects on relationships and also is it time for you to call your relationship and end it today we also discuss topics that are a little bit awkward to bring up with your partners such as money and sex it is a fantastic episode and it is also sponsored by oh we said at the same time that was so instinct we actually i'll probably get something on this for the next episode lucy doesn't know this but i ordered a cupboard lock this week from amazon it's basically a padlock because is that what's in the box this all different color that we got this month is massive by the way i'll show we'll bring on for the next episode of the chocolates that we got but i have been balls deep in that cupboard ever since we got back up holiday that was that is what's in the amazon parcel on the side it's a padlock because i put weight on them in america and i was like all right i want to come back and trim down a little bit i can't because these chocolate these we've got these new balls yeah oh pretzel balls they're like maltesers on steroids so i've had to buy a padlock the new chocolate in there is insane we also got some of the kombucha again which has been great for my stomach and but we basically just on this month order ordered everything anything that's healthy we was covered in chocolate which is great um but i just basically can't resist so now a padlock on the cupboard and lucy was gonna have the combination so that every time like it's feasible for me to have something so every time i need to go in my little pantry cupboard i'm going to have to put a padlock on unlock it lock it it's a numbered one like one with combination even more annoying i'd rather have a little key that i can open and anyway we will leave the link not the padlock the coro all that we made you might start needing padlocks yeah as as well as the discount code not so fit five which will get you discount code enjoy today's episode guys and as always make sure that you subscribe to the podcast either on apple spotify or youtube or all free and please please please please we beg of you leave a review how do people leave a review you go to apple itunes you type in the search bar then also pick up a podcast you click on the novel podcast you leave five stars and you write a little review yes there you go enjoy yes so amazing to have you on and it would be amazing if you could give a little bit more background into you and what you do with yourself and your business as well yeah so i am a licensed psychologist in the united states and i specialize in love and relationships so i work with couples and individuals always in the area of love and relationships whether it's an individual who keeps repeating the same patterns in love and realizes they're the common denominator and they want to change that or if it's a couple um having some challenges in their relationship or just wanting to enhance it to really deepen their connections do you work with people in terms of like all ages from as young as i don't know i don't know how how young are you when you get with me when i was in my first week yeah i was like 40 and 15 maybe yeah right up until do you know 70 80 90. what's that kind of age my typical age range in my practice is about 25 to 45 but there are certainly outliers on either side yeah we're in that age group then 25 to 45. yeah and how's i suppose work and this ties into one of the the conversations i want to have today how's work and your workload being since covered because i went through through therapy through kobe in a slightly different way as i've discussed with all listeners before in the podcast um and that field ten seemed to be very very um backloaded with people wanting to speak to therapists and psychologists have you found the same thing in your field yeah absolutely i think um being quarantined together brought out a lot of challenges and relationships that people have been able to either ignore or let some of the steam off by doing fun stuff outside of the home and once you were in this pressure cooker of being together all the time everything that was wrong just came out and couldn't really be ignored anymore so we saw a huge increase in client requests and my practice has always been online so there was kind of the double component of being optimized for online therapy already which made people want to work with us over other therapists who were just stumbling to figure out zoom and how do we do this online thing and we already had figured that out so yeah it was there was a lot um to handle during this is still yeah with the so during coven and things like that obviously loads of couples ended up suddenly living together as we were yes yeah yeah we actually suddenly ended up moving over to when we're in manchester at the time and we lived together did you kind of see a general pattern amongst couples that was like the main reason why the arguments you pulled off a stack um this is one that califing found as well i don't know if it's just since kobe however this is a general thing but divorce rates and couple breakups um that 50 percent a long time couple breaks up so one and two people were breaking up um and i think this is one of the stuff that was was published around the same time as we came out october again i'm guessing they're just like it's correlation causation it couldn't be exactly like why it has happened but there seemed to be a strong case for that during this period and kind of excel those rates of breakups as well that's that statistic has held solid for many years so that's actually not pandemic related that's just relationships at least in the united states i don't know about worldwide that changed at all but in the u.s um our divorce rates hovered around 50 percent for decades now i believe wow and yeah sorry i just wanted to pull that start up but yeah was there a general consensus of why people were coming to you more do you think it was solely because they were just living together and i don't know more arguments not seeing eye twine certain things because i'm just thinking of maybe there's a few listeners who might have been through it or have gone through a breakup so to be able to hear from yourself and maybe give them a bit of like peace of mind or your expertise in that area yeah in general the biggest reason couples come to me and my practice is communication breakdown so either they are fighting a ton and they don't know how to resolve it or they're not communicating at all i think that was amplified during the pandemic but another thing i saw which is different from pre-pandemic is there's this a lot of people are suffering from this low-grade depression that they don't even recognize as depression they just feel so trapped and kind of blah from not being able to do anything for so long and a lot of times that uh dissatisfaction is getting turned on their partner and their relationship and they're thinking i need to change something this must be what i need to change so you know i think it's unfortunate i'm seeing a lot of people that i think are in pretty healthy relationships falling out of love and i think they're truly just depressed and [Music] i would i would encourage people to work on it a little bit more if you feel like that's the thing that's going on for you if you're just not finding motivation or interest in most things in your life and also your relationship it's probably just this low-grade kind of pandemic depression hitting you and it wouldn't make a life-long decision yeah unless it's you've really been thinking about this pre-pandemic and there's been a lot of issues but that's one thing i am seeing yeah the the kind of thought that i was pondering as well is whether the pandemic was like a real unnatural circumstances which would never have happened or forced people to spend so much time together or was it almost kind of fast forwarding it to a time where like people would have spent that much time together anyway so this may have happened but they kind of just emphasized the fact that you just weren't right together and people were realizing that i've i definitely have seen it fast forward a lot of relationships like you two said um a lot of people had to choose between quarantining alone or quarantining with someone they kind of just started dating and yeah that sounded a lot more attractive to quarantine with someone they just started dating yeah and a lot of those people are in successful long-term relationships now yeah but it did fast forward things in significantly i'd say yeah well we've we've gained real life experience that for example carl who are you speaking to the producer of the podcast he was i'm sure what mommy's saying on like the peripheral just starting a relationship and that's a fast forward into moving in together because it's it was either a choice of writing never see this person because we're in lockdown or we spend all the time together and really fast forward them and suppose skip a couple of steps it's beneficial beneficial for cal and andre though they're a wonderful couple yes not so beneficial for us because like i was saying before sarah we've this is the first episode back since we've just got back from florida and got engaged so i was actually planning the to do the proposal in 2020 2020 but because cover then we couldn't come to america and push the back and then push the back end of the yeah so it kind of settles back up yeah it was a two-year delay proposal yeah well i was expecting it yeah you were you weren't no i wasn't expecting it i had honestly no idea like the thought process of being getting a ring across to america just not even i didn't even comprehend i thought it was like risky no way not going to happen too stressful and but yeah the second day we were there you literally popped the question which was really wonderful um but i think cal might have made you aware of this but we work really heavily on social media there's i mean we've always asked questions about our relationship because we work together we live together and all of that and there's so many questions from other people being like how does social media affect your relationship in terms of do you think people because social media is really accessible now instagram tick tock everything i know tick tock is super popular in america do you think because of the rise of social media now it has a more negative effect on people's relationships because there's so many people to compare to and basically just yeah the effect of social media now in comparison to maybe six years ago yeah i do see that a lot um we just have so much access to what our partner is doing online as well that um somebody who maybe has insecurity or jealous tendencies already can dig and dig and be like why did he like that girl's post and why is that person commenting and it just spirals so quickly and then yes the comparison factor for sure because a lot of people aren't posting their worst moments most people aren't doing that and so a lot of my clients will say oh there's all these perfect couples and what are we doing wrong and i'm on this side of the couch going no no one is perfect i promise you and i really have to talk a lot of people down from comparing themselves to those kind of instagram couples it's one of the things that you touched on there was something i actually wanted to ask about and i saw what's more molly may and their boyfriend called tommy told me they were talking about like almost guidelines on liking other people's photos like as a guy for on girls photos as a girl on guys for us is there like a general practice of that or is that general guidance that you offer to people or is it specific to the individuals in that relationship yeah i think that's best discussed you know with the individuals in the relationship what are your boundaries what makes you comfortable does that work for me it's such a varied experience that people have and it really depends on your history as well if somebody their ex started a relationship an outside relationship through an instagram connection then yeah they're gonna be a little bit more sensitive and maybe ask that you don't connect with others on instagram someone who hasn't had that experience might not care like like all the hot girls you want yeah i guess you're not talking to him i don't care yeah yeah with that actually you made a really good point there and it's something that i mean i think as a woman on social media i'm always asked in terms of how do you deal with ben liking all the girls pictures who are into fitness like it doesn't bother me at all that's just personal preference so but for the girls who are quite paranoid about it is there some wise words that you could essentially give them to not be so pass i don't know if paranoia is the right word actually but just very jealous maybe very jealous very not be able to deal with it is like what's the best way to approach it like i'll come i'll bring conversation about it because i think some people will potentially be find it really difficult to raise the the topic yeah and that's the key thing there is talking to your partner about it sharing vulnerably about how it makes you feel if you have insight into why you feel that way sharing that and then hopefully your partner has empathy and it chooses the relationship and your comfort over the desire to like other people's photos or hopefully he or she can reassure you that it doesn't mean anything and you feel comfortable with it so it's really just an open vulnerable conversation i suppose like sit on the other side of the fence is that the other person may suggest well it's not a me thing it's a you thing because you're the one who's potentially jealous about it you're the one who's got the issue with it and are going 2 too far of it i i don't like i just pondered like how you would even come to reason on that i'll come to some like mutual agreement on it well in a relationship if one person has a problem the relationship has a problem and they think that's something a lot of people have to come to terms with uh when they want to be in a relationship doctors john and julie gottman are kind of the leaders in the field of research on relationships and they have found men have a harder time accepting influence from their female partners which means they're more likely to be like this is a new problem i'm not really worried about it we're fine or that's not a big deal it's not a you know just calm down it's really important if you're doing that to not because accepting your partner's influence and recognizing what's important to them should be important to you is a key factor in a healthy relationship yeah i think that's really true and as you said at the very start that's where communication comes into it because definitely we communicate quite well it's probably because we have like the podcast and we talk quite a lot so we're very open in our relationship and i think that's so helpful to say to people like share the problem and then just like listen understand even if you don't think it's a massive deal like the the other person if it's a big deal to them it's it should be a big deal to you i think that's quite a good way of explaining it to people as well like a problem shared is a problem halved is that the quote yeah that's exactly what it is in a relationship as well and i just want to ask you one of the questions you've touched on it a couple of times now actually is water around the word like jealousy because jealousy is a normal human trait that everyone gets and i mean i'm definitely a jealous person like behind on my heart i think it's just one of my traits and ben ben knows that but with jealousy is there a point where it it goes too far and can start to tarnish and quite negatively affect a relationship yeah absolutely um very often that's linked to past traumatic experiences in other relationships or in your childhood um and if that's the case where you're really irrationally jealous and you can feel that it's irrational your partner can feel that it's irrational maybe your friends and family are giving you feedback like you kind of pull the people in your life and realize okay this probably isn't the normal amount of jealousy then it's definitely time to do some inner work and healing around what are the origins of that jealousy so that you just don't feel so charged emotionally when things like that happen yeah yeah is that when you find quite a lot of people will reach out to you in the first place um specifically around jealousy or just yeah around jealousy no it's it it usually gets to the point of infidelity by the time they're reaching out to me to be honest jealousy is certainly common but i think it's something a lot of couples navigate and can navigate on their own through healthy conversation i think the thing with jealousy is like why a lot of people don't speak about it is because socially it's seen as such a negative trait to to hold and it's always viewed in that way so people don't really own or aren't really self or whatever because we're we believe it's such a negative trait but everyone has or experiences jealousy in some form or context but if then we feel bad that we feel that way so then we don't talk about it so i think the more like the more conversations we have like this and realize that we all get jealous like i get jealous about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sometimes lucy gets jealous about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sometimes but then the fact do you talk about it i can have an open discussion about it i think sometimes almost drops the the weight that you bear from it by having that conversation in the first place and that's what i think i've found massively helpful because i spoke about quite in depth with my therapist like two years ago about jealousy i didn't know that i was jealous about it until i spoke to a therapist about i'm actually i'm actually i see i'm jealous about it and then i brought up in conversation to lucy and then we discussed it quite openly which then almost broke that barrier down to me thinking well i shouldn't feel this way in the first place that's right and you know what's really important in that discussion as well lucy you touched on it earlier also when your partner comes to you vulnerably about something like that you don't have to agree with their perspective or think that it's the right way to think but you do want to try to validate it and say okay from your perspective i definitely understand why that makes sense because and then explain in depth why it makes sense so that they really get okay you see me you hear me you understand me you may not agree with me but you get why i feel this way and that often dissolves all the feelings sometimes that's all actually most of the time that's all we need yeah i think that's really nice as well just letting your partner know you've heard them you appreciate everything they've had to say you've listened and then it would just fizzle out wouldn't it it would naturally yeah what sorry one of the one of the times that you brought up then sarah as well i think was in fidelity could you just explain to our listeners what that is as well well there's many definitions and that also is person to person specific it depends on the boundaries of your relationship but a lot of people would define it as emotional or physical connection with someone outside of the relationship like romantic connection so but some couples allow outside sexual encounters and they wouldn't consider that infidelity but they may have boundaries or guidelines that if you break those then it's infidelity so it's it's really relationship specific so it's what it's what like a lot of people would basically refer to as cheating is that what you'd a lot of people i suppose socially would reflect on us cheating oh yeah yeah yeah cheating or having an affair yeah and that's what we would say you said that was one of the big reasons or it was one of the reasons why a lot of people pretend to come to you to open up topics of conversation and one of the questions i had down was again which how much does i suppose social media play into some of those conversations because one of the things that we spoke about quite a lot of times and when it comes to comparison is that we are now exposed to hundreds of thousands of people every day online and a lot of those like the hyper elite so like the best looking men in the world the best looking women in the world as opposed to maybe 10 20 years ago where the only place you would see people is down the pub or a nightclub you'd see maybe 50 people and so the the contact with more and more people is more easily accessible and also like you can just slide into someone's dms instead of having to open up and have an awkward social conversation with someone so how much you think that has come into play with potential issues with infidelity as well i think it's become so much easier to be unfaithful and it's also you know you didn't even mention dating apps which is a whole other opportunity um it's tough because i think dating apps and social media have changed the landscape of love and relationships positively in many ways but also negatively in a lot of ways it's just so easy to swipe and be like oh this person looks better than who i'm with and create this whole fantasy of what's out there that's better than your and in reality if you got in a relationship with that person or you're a fair partner even who you might think you know really well you kind of bring the same problems with you if you haven't worked on yourself or maybe it's a different set of problems but again the gottman's research has shown that every couple has about 10 areas of incompatibility they may vary coupled a couple but you're not going to find someone that you're just a hundred percent in line with agree on everything so investing in kind of what's in front of you is a lost concept these days i think one of the things that's actually really interesting with that compatibility so loads of people say with relationships like some arguments are actually healthy to have is that true is that just what some people say no if you can really become so much closer through conflict um a relationship with no conflict honestly i'm a little concerned that both parties are holding back yeah and conflict doesn't have to be mean or fighting necessarily it just means a disagreement conversation where you're both sharing your perspective and maybe you're both validating it and empathizing with each other and it just goes smoothly and so you feel like we don't have conflict that's fine but yeah someone who's like no we get along about everything and there's we don't ever fight yeah yeah that's probably like yeah some underlying issues because i mean me and ben always have like little arguments conflicts i mean we discuss a lot of different things yeah we have some big arguments as well yeah big arguments and we disagree in a lot of things but we're quite good at oh we'll agree to disagree on that one and move on i think but that's a conflict yeah yeah 100 and i think it's it's also makes a it it gives it a bit of depth because if i think one thing about a topic say like what's a very like politics say if i've thought one thing been thought another you can conversate on it and it's okay to disagree here's a bit of entertainment yeah i think sometimes also as well and i've seen this like in even for friends relationships where like if you don't have those conversations then little things pissed you off like if i pissed you off by leaving the toilet seat above you pissed me off by moving stuff like you always do would fly off the handle because you don't have these discussions on bigger topics so then yeah they just like boil or simmer under the water and then other things come up and you like drive at each other exactly yeah 100 yeah or we get leaky i sometimes call it where emotions just kind of leak out unexpectedly if you hold in a lot of stuff and that could mean sobbing at a tv show that you're like why am i crying this hard it's not even that sad probably some pent-up emotion you haven't let out or getting super angry at the dog for doing something it's really nice the crying one's literally me i always cry i think i'm just a crier anyway you're an emotional being i'm an emotional person like i was watching moana the other day and i was just crying i was like lucy pull yourselves together woman you're fine but yeah no it's definitely me we've we've had like a conversation on this before about is it monogamy and being like non-monogamous and stuff because we had a conversation with chris wills on previous podcasts and we were talking about things like i think it was less than 10 percent of mammal species or monogamous like compared with 90 of like bad species even in primates where it's more common only about a quarter species or monogamous and all early ancestors were were monogamous and the practice probably didn't take off until does it hurt i think i've made a note it was like homorex this emerged around like 1.9 million years ago so i think it's interesting the concept of monogamy because is monogamy like or are we is that all right in a relationship yeah but some people like will have different rules within their relationship of like what they stick to and what they deem as appropriate and not appropriate but yeah so evolutionary psychologist one of the things i took down from that chris wills podcast suggested that men are more likely to have ex extra marital sex policy due to the male heir to spread genes by broadcasting spam what is your what is your kind of view on that um that is true but we're seeing this even out a little bit um over the years as women that was definitely more true when women were staying home and didn't have as much opportunity to go out and meet people as women have gotten more opportunity they're joining the workforce they're traveling for work now there's online dating yeah we are seeing we can get off our high horse ladies we're not any more ethical how is that that way you've gone over one of my questions because one of my questions is going to be based on like how do you think gender roles changing like more like over more recent years has had an impact on people's it's definitely had an impact i think women are expecting more out of men than we ever have before you know like in the 50s it used to be okay to just bring home a paycheck make babies with me and uh you know i'm gonna take care of the rest because i don't really have a choice um now with women being much more independent our expectations are way higher around emotional support and connection and um physicals for everything so it's not enough to just for most women these days it's not enough to just bring home a paycheck and give me babies i think as well there's a massive rise in women like really wanting to have their own businesses to work and things like that because i'm i'm obviously super strong in terms of like women empowerment because that's just like part of my job and and what i do and we've always had that really good understanding in our relationship it's never been then bring me a paycheck and do it that way and we've always had that understanding in our relationship which is why i think we probably did gel together quite well at the start um because i i mean i hope it's not as it was that many years you know how like it's like women are expected to do this and expected to do that is that not as strong any i mean i wouldn't know so i'm also asking the question is that not as strong anymore as it used to be i think it really depends where in the world you're talking about um in you know more westernized societies yes i think that's shifting significantly um but in many parts of the world it's not women are really marginalized in many parts of the world still i mean including in western civilizations there's still not total equality which is why there is feminism and fighting for the rights but it's evening out quite a bit so it depends on families as well and they're like the family culture of growing up in the traditional home with traditional relationships and then that being continued with the family name later in in life some people are just used to growing up with that and we'll continue that into their their own relationships and their own family lives absolutely i think that's true for any part of your relationship what you saw and what you experienced in childhood has a huge influence on how you show up in all aspects of your one of the we obviously briefly touched on well you briefly brought up about some of the dating apps obviously on a slightly different note one of the big apps that has took off i think i think it especially took off jordan covert was only fans do you i know you can't talk too much about personal client cases but do you say often in any cases where people or couples or partners are using the only fans as in a relationship because i think from what i've heard some of the people who are in relationship they're only fans are some of the biggest there owners on the platform as well i have heard that too yeah i've had clients who have only fans accounts and use it as a source of income yeah um in my experience not none that i can think of that are doing it as a couple but i know i've heard the same thing and seen the same thing i think on the documentary about it it was really interesting has there been well that's probably maybe a question just directed at you more so do you think this causes quite a few issues in relationship say for example if so for me personally if ben was on nope no thanks not for me and again it probably is very personal preference same as the liking pitch on social media and things like that it depends on your personality traits and what you're like as a person but i believe like only fans goes up another level because i mean i don't have it i've never been on it i'm not sure what it's like but from your perspective do you think that's you you're going into like the next boundary almost like crossing that next line yeah i think it's certainly a step above liking people's pictures on instagram because you pay a subscription you're interacting with those people sometimes so certainly but i mean i know of people whose boyfriends or husbands take the photos for them to post some only things just can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] accept that you can say i'm going to be taking photos of your missus to post online go get a couple of quid in their love for your nudes online i just can't accept that being being normal at least we agree on that yeah but i just can't i just can't see how that chain of fall comes i mean i i guess for some people finance at the time it may be like the only source come out to it for some people it's like an easy source of income but like i just think later down the line in life people can screenshot photos and that's that's always in the one bank flight you're on isn't it well i i don't think everyone on only fans is naked i mean a lot of people don't take naked photos they take provocative suggestive photos but you see a lot of that on fitness accounts too yeah yeah it doesn't necessarily have to be porn yeah yeah that seems to be like a close connection though because you'll see a lot of people who are coaches who don't do very well in the fitness industry and realize oh well i actually look quite good and i can make money from taking photos and putting them behind the paywall so that we see that quite a lot in the fitness industry from failed coaches who go over and do like only fans and stuff as well but that is true about only fans because they had well one of their marketing people scouts i don't know what you call them had reached out to me by email and he said like we're trying to get creators on the platform yeah it's not like what you think it is and they were they were basically trying to say they they're trying to get away from the idea that it's porn because it was very heavily at the start but then different creators are coming i mean i still wouldn't personally just because of the name and how it's associated but they did reach out and said look it's not what you think it is we're trying to change the idea behind it which i guess is positive for them but then i think the name from what it was like when it first came out it's quite hard to not think about that and that's because the brand though i think was already starting to be associated with that yeah kind of thing wasn't it as well and they had that big issue i think a year or two ago like one of the pay walls was you're talking about getting rid of one of the payment gateways and all the creators were going mad about it because they were going to lose income from certain revenues on only fans and people had like financed cars and took mortgages out based on the fact they were ending such and such a rate from only fans which is basically gonna destroy the life so i think only fans ended up going back on the withdrawal of the certain gateway they were getting rid of yeah i think so too um one of this is actually kind of a follow-on question and i was on your instagram page looking at the stats that you're putting up and this is more so about sex and orgasms which i'm completely comfortable talking about so young adults 18 to 29 have sex around two times per week older adults i'm not sure what that age group category was one times per week and then over 70 10 times per week and we had myself cal and ben had a question so say that over 71 again i think oh 10 times per year yeah oh my god yeah wow just looked at me then like lucia thank you said that wrong i said the over 70s are like having something yeah sorry guys 10 times per year i'm sorry about that myself that's definitely wrong and myself ben and carl were talking about this and because sex is a very intimate part of your relationship and i personally think what's happened with online and even movies and films like um what's a really good example 50 shades of grey for example people start comparing their relationship and they feel some things wrong with inside their relationship because it's not like the movies and it's not like the fantasy that they see is that something that you notice or it's quite common i got so many comments like that on that those there were two posts about research on the number of partners that people have had and then how often people have sex and yes because instagram has become or just social media has become such a comparison game a lot of the comments were like why are you posting this is just going to make people feel bad and you know as a psychologist it's just information you can interpret it however you want you definitely shouldn't be comparing yourself to anyone else but some people like to know oh this is what's considered quote unquote i wouldn't even say normal actually just average there's no normal yeah so whether you're having whether you're asexual and not having sex at all and that's what you want or you're having sex every day it doesn't matter as long as it's what you you and your partner want stuff because a lot of partners have different sex drives as well and that obviously is a challenge to navigate but seeing statistics like this might help in a conversation like that where one partner might be like we should be having sex four times a week and the other one is wanting to have sex once a week they can say well okay it seems your sex drive is a little higher than average and we meet in the middle here yeah i think that's also a really important topic to have with your partner because i mean some people might find it awkward to have that conversation about sex and yeah some might think oh god my sexuality's not as high as my partner's what am i going to do so even us talking about it now someone might go to their partner tomorrow and be like so just about your sex drive can we just discuss that and it shouldn't be an awkward topic of conversation i think there's still a little bit of taboo around it i think so around what seconds talking about sex and porn openly and having open discussions with your partner i just don't think it's that i guess common yeah i think again it comes down to the the way that the language and the communication that you use like how would what would you advise people to do in in respect to bringing up that topic with a partner because again it's not for a lot of people an easy conversation to potentially have i think whenever you're trying to start a conversation that you're uncomfortable about it's really helpful to just state that you're uncomfortable from the get-go and start with hey i want to bring something up i feel really awkward doing this so please be gentle with me i might be weird i don't like my flesh i do want to talk about our sex life are you open to that and then your partner's gonna feel empathy for you if you're being vulnerable and saying i'm scared to do this but here goes versus being like we need to talk about our sex life because sometimes when we're nervous we just blurt something out or get aggressive as a way to feel powerful and that is usually not a helpful approach yeah i think that approach that you said is really good just kind of hedging the conversation just saying look might be a little bit weird but i just need to ask you something because then you're not you're not going in full speed ahead it's just a very casual but important conversation to have as well yeah again i think that comparison the thing is is really big with like porn and stuff as well even the movie what was the movie you quoted fifty shades of grey i remember when that came out and everything was at the cinemas and girls just banging on about it i think even guys felt a certain pressure and like wow i've gotta be like what's the guy's name christian grace and great i even thought pressure's like wow do i need to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do something because i was really get your red room it was really unrealistic but i think that happens with porn as well because will watch porn and be like wow why aren't we having sex like an hour and she's screaming the house down like some absolute psychopath because that's what people watch on porn sets which are essentially like well there are films aren't they so sort of like social media see this kind highlight of what things look like and have those expectations and think they are going to be carried over into their their life but not everyone's relationship is like that so i suppose how can people still watch porn in relationships but not have those expectations so this is you're bringing up such an important point um today's 20 something year olds even 30 year olds grew up watching porn since 10 11 years old sometimes maybe even earlier and that's how they learned about sex and porn is most porn is created to um to the pace of men's masturbation first of all it's not created to the pace of a woman's actual arousal and desire and her needs so it creates a lot of misattuned men in the bedroom and then it's also very aggressive to women it's super important not to base your expectations for sex around porn because it's marginalizing of women it's for men's pleasure and not women's and it's just not realistic women do not respond that way in real life and then men or boys who are having sex are gonna think what am i doing wrong in the video this woman was like so excited to have sex with this guy who just looked at her and then she was having an orgasm two minutes later thirty percent of women don't even orgasm from penetrated sex so that's just not no i'm sorry seventy percent appointments really so that's just mine is it seven years i forget now there's i'll have to look it up and i can look it up before we finish but it's one of the other only i think yeah only 30 if there's not clitoral stimulation which porn does not show a lot of the time men are going to feel inadequate women are going to feel dissatisfied so yeah definitely don't learn how to have sex from porn yeah i think even even like for me as a male like when i watched it when i was younger like that was the only i suppose video form that you ever saw of it and yeah it's it's super aggressive it is like really demoralizing for a lot of the females because it's depicted in in that way almost like to i mean depending obviously where you watch porn it's like you could watch it and be like well it's almost like the person's a slave and that's why a lot of the the site depict women so yeah you can you can see why people plenty pick up traits or people pick up chains of four which aren't relative to real life situations as well yeah and then what also happens is um boys who grow up learning about sex from porn and watching porn we're seeing this epidemic of 20 something year olds having erectile dysfunction issues because they're so used to being aroused by unrealistic situations and by video which is honestly so much more stimulating in some ways than being with an actual partner where things can get weird and awkward and don't always go according to the perfection that you see in porn and they're just not that into it because they're so attuned and normalized the video experience yeah so i don't know if you saw um an interview with terry crews recently um he was on steven podcast and i think he was talking about his addiction with porn and i'm sure he mentioned at some point that yeti preferred watching pawns having uh sex with his wife because he got so addicted to it and he would get up at like from 10 a.m till 10 p.m a night he'd just watch porn when he became so and like time would just dissolve he was so engulfed in watching porn his day would just be gone and he preferred that to having sexual intercourse with his wife because he got so immersed in it well and it's way less vulnerable i mean sex your partner might not be into what you're doing they might reject you and porn never rejects you the woman or the man is always ready it's just unrealistic the way their bodies look is usually unrealistic it's just yeah yeah and i read something on your page as and this was really i read the start to ben and that women it can take them up to 13 minutes to orgasm and guys is like literally five minutes so that difference like a guy could orgasm and then obviously the woman's like give me another 10 minutes and a lot of the time that probably doesn't happen again with porn it just seems to happen in unison at the same time like very unrealistic and i read that stat and it's just quite surprising yeah being quite generous to guys and just the the giveaway i think with women it was a give or take seven minutes so it's obviously completely personal but again just a really important point to bring up with the whole porn thing it was very simultaneously it's all perfect all the time and realistically in real life it's not it's actually not supposed to be like that it it's just not it's just really important i think to yeah hone in do you think people can get a balance of like of people watching porn whilst in relationships and still operating in a like a healthy sexual relationship yeah absolutely um i think a lot of people do that and are just fine if you just have to kind of watch yourself just like some people can have a really healthy relationship with alcohol and drink occasionally and and socially and they're fine and then other people end up becoming alcoholics and have to abstain from it completely it's the same with porn if you have boundaries with it if you have an understanding that this isn't in the case of porn this isn't reality and and set your expectations accordingly it can be a great outlet it can be a great thing to do together as a couple as well so there's nothing inherently wrong with watching porn it's just how you consume it yeah just to quickly um sort of switch topics to something that touched on before and it was about working on relationships and i think you've you've spoken before um the feeling of like unfulfilled what does it mean to have for you to have a fulfilled relationship um that's such a good question i know it's very cheap yeah yeah i feel like i'm answering so many of your questions but it's unique to the individuals as it really is um but so there is research on this as well um what goes into a happy healthy relationship is two people who have built a strong friendship who help people feel help each other feel loved and admired and respected who attend to each other's needs whether it be a need for physical touch or conversation or quality time spent together people who can manage conflict effectively who can share similar values and goals in life and um really just also have trust and commitment as kind of the pillars holding up this relationship so those i just walked you through the um gottman's sound relationship house which is basically what's come out of their research um all these different scales that go into a happy healthy relationship does that come into at all the five love five love languages i think they are yeah so that i mean that's separate from what i just talked about but i it interweaves especially when you talk about meeting each other's needs and helping each other feel loved and admired that looks different depending on your love language yeah because we actually have like different love languages don't we like mine's gift giving but luckily ben's is like gift receiving so that one works really well and and mine's like affection and ben had actually read no you listened to the audio book on it like the five love languages years ago and that was one of the the exercises that we did together to find out our love languages so we could understand what the other person would like the most from how do you even explain that i think it makes you more self-aware doesn't have yeah more self-aware of what but that was completely random that you fell across that and then just carried on listening and then we're like oh let's find out i love languages and take a quiz yeah i feel like that's the first kind of relationship development thing that all couples get into is the five love languages yeah it's because it's a really simple concept but it's really earth-shattering when you learn oh i have a way that i feel loved and cared about that might not be the same way as my partner so i could be giving them all the physical affection in the world but if their love language is words of affirmation and i'm not saying i love you you look great today thank you for doing that then they're not going to feel loved yeah really really important actually because they they're quite different as well aren't they like you said the affirmation so speaking and then physical touch they're two completely different things so to be able to communicate with your partner so if you are listening now on the podcast go with your partner now or whenever you can and do the online quiz of the five love languages well yeah sarah's also got a quiz which you can fill in from uh i think i found the link on your instagram page which is a um i could be wrong with this and of course you can correct me but this is just like my view of how i've interpreted and very generalized relationships and almost created an analogy from it is similar to like mental health you have to be proactive with with working on things to have a good level of mental health and we often find from people that we spoke to from fitness and other aspects of life people will often wait until it reaches like a certain point and then do something about what people do with fitness i mean people do a lot of different aspects of their lives like people do it with fitness in terms of they'll let them get i'll get to a certain point and then they'll be like right i'm at rock bottom or i'm at a point where my self-confidence is super low so now i'm going to do something about it do you feel or get the sense that since this sometimes happens when people come to you is that people will allow it to get to a certain point without being um proactive with it they're very reactive with the way that they deal with things yes and i really cannot encourage you enough to get help at the first sign of challenges because it's just simple skill building most of the time no one teaches you how to be in a healthy relationship even if you had grew up in a family where healthy relationships were modeled for you you still didn't get usually nobody sat you down and taught you how to do it so you might kind of intuitively learn some things but not others and it's there's no shame in needing to learn and build some skills at all you wouldn't go to a job and then just have to start the job without any training of course and this is the most important job of your life do you think just on that point as well there's a stigma around couple therapy in terms of if you go to couple therapy your relationship is obviously on the rocks or it's you're about to break up because do you think there's quite a strong stigma behind it when it's actually not all that yeah i am seeing that change for sure over the years but there are many people who still have that stigma i'm encouraged though my practice is mostly unmarried couples who are either living together or just even dating without living together and maybe thinking they want to get married but they're not sure yet and they want to work out some of the challenges before making that next step to getting engaged i think that's a great time to go to therapy and you don't i mean there's online courses too i'm going to be coming out with one student that's kind of a relationship enhancing course that's great for couples in that scenario where it's like do we really do we need help do we not need help maybe do something that's just an online course to see how much that benefits you and then if you want more one-on-one support then go to therapy but there is no shame in doing personal development of any kind and relationship development is also personal development yeah 100 yeah another question which may be quite general in or maybe unique to cases is we obviously talked about working on is there any kind of like key indicators or warning signs when it's like right enough's probably enough like looking at the sun can cost fallacy where you've just with someone because you've spent so much time and energy with this individual that you feel like i'm just going to stay with them for the fact that i've invested a lot into this yeah i mean i see that for sure and it's it's a tough decision to leave a long-term relationship for anyone i'd say really clear signs that it's not a healthy relationship if there's physical violence you know again that can change but you've got to get individual help both of you that's not a couple's therapy issue at that point it's not safe to do couples therapy if there's physical violence in your relationship because it stirs up feelings and then can lead to more violence afterwards so that's a really clear red flag that it might be time no matter how much time you've invested to figure out an exit strategy if you're fighting i don't know three or four times a week really just cannot seem to get a handle on it even with therapy again that's a skill building issue a lot of the time but then yeah you might want to think about either there's two things either it's your individual issues that need to be healed your own personal trauma before you can be in a healthy relationship with anyone or this just is too toxic of a tango and it's just hitting on too much of your childhood wounding and probably time to find a different but that i mean again it varies so much so yeah i don't want to say that yeah it is so individual well i guess that some can cause fallacy becomes even more kind appropriate or in terms of investments in the relationships it couldn't be any bigger than when someone has had children that's potentially one of the main reasons of why the relationship is is kind of hanging on the only reason potentially why some people are staying together um i'm glad you bring that up because a lot of people do stay together for the kids and if you're fighting a lot and the kids are exposed to that it's actually a lot less healthy for the children for you to stay together than to separate and then not be exposed to that level of hostility and fighting it's really disregulating for a child's nervous system to be around that and it can cause a lot of problems later in life for them yeah that actually isn't even something that i don't think a lot of people would even think about that they think about let's stay together for the kid but if they're exposed to i don't know if it was violence or just emotional abuse or whatever it is hearing those words and hearing the two people closest you argue nobody want nobody wants to hear that i haven't even thought about it in that way before but it that completely makes sense so i'm really glad you said that yeah i wonder how much of an impact that does have of people's perception of relationships as children saying key role models in your life have such a poor a lot so the quiz you mentioned on my website is actually an attachment style quiz and that can have a big impact on people's attachment style is what they see how they receive love from their parents but also what they see between their parents with that actually because i have a few friends whose parents have been divorced and it's made them never want to get married in case they go through a divorce as well with situations like i mean because i don't know what to suggest if i i don't know how to answer that question how would you approach that if anyone listens to the podcast if their parents have got a divorce and then it's come on to them and they don't know how to approach it i would start by reading a lot of books on relationships and just educating yourself in the way that i'm guessing the parents probably didn't and that can do a lot to build your confidence and skills to be to have a healthy relationship and maybe give you some help that it is possible you're not trapped when you have a bad relationship there's so much you can do to fix it and change it and change yourself and that i think a lot of times people feel like the only solution is stay and be miserable or get a divorce which is also really hard and maybe you're not as miserable afterwards but during it's certainly pretty miserable yeah so you mentioned about working with married couples and then potentially people who are looking to get engaged for anyone who's listening who's like on the fence about getting engaged or getting married is there potential things that or questions that people should be asking of themselves or of their relationship and probably questions that i should have asked about two or three weeks ago if only we had recorded this i would suggest having conversations around values what you value in life and what your goals are in life and making sure that they're aligned enough that you can see a future together if one of you wants to live in egypt and the other wants to live in america that's tough um or if one of you wants to have kids and the other doesn't there's really no compromise there so there's certain things that you should definitely talk about that might be deal-breaker items and then um aside from that talking about kids money religion anything that is going to go into how you share your life together just kind of understanding where you guys reach out on that before making that decision how early do you think like isn't obviously again very personal preference me and ben had been together two months i was like do you want to get married and have kids because that's just me as a person but you'll tell your person by the way before i even propose to lucy she was actively emailing wedding venues actually this is before there was anything that we were even getting married by the way she said she had no idea how much does this cost in i was like whoa slow down no no well yeah i think that's what i that's just what i mean i've been planning on wedding since i was like five yeah you were actively pushing the horse down the road yeah well aside from is is there a point where it's almost too early to ask the question to the person you started seeing in terms of do you want kids or marriage or anything like that there's just personal no i think you should ask it first date or first few messages in the apps if it's not clear on their profile why invest time in somebody who has a deal breaker for you it's just heartbreaking especially if you fall in love with someone and then find out you want kids and they don't or the other way around you know i think this varies by age as well it depends why you're dating if you're who cares nobody at 20 you may not even have the same idea about whether or not you want kids then you do it 30. so but let's say you're 30 in dating i think you should have those conversations immediately yeah i think that's important to note because i guess some people might be shy to have that conversation and i think it's it's okay to kind of ask the question i mean even you asked the question as well that wasn't even just me being me and all emotional yeah that was a two-sided conversation we both had if there's any guys listening don't feel scared to have those conversations one of the things that just came to mind to me then from the conversation we've been having is on this the sunken cost fallacy and you i'm guessing we'll have some of these conversations with with clients is and i'm sure there'll be there'll be listeners who'll be potentially in these situations where when couples get together really really young like i was in a relationship with 10 years which i was just in it because i've been with the past for a long time since i was very young and with completely changed as individuals across that that course because it's like um about four fourteen to twenty four so and that change in that period is very big oh yeah your brain doesn't even finish developing as a man until 26. yeah i've got a big brain as well so i met you in 26. that's great um how how do you kind of approach situations with like potential couples that you speak to when people are just two different people because they're just essentially that old time i'm just grown apart you know it can be so heartbreaking for those couples because they've developed such a friendship and a fondness and respect for each other but yes they may be in completely different places so i think just again kind of what i said before going through values and life goals and seeing and just acknowledging these things change over time you are a completely different person at 24 than you are at 14 without a doubt 14 you're still trying on all these different personalities and identities and seeing what feels like you um even at 24 i think i was definitely still living it's just helping them kind of come to terms with you're different and that's okay yeah and it wasn't a lost decade um in that sense like you learn and grow so much through relationship and just because you outgrow a relationship or it ends does not mean it was a failure and then i suppose off the back of that on a slightly different note for those people who potentially come to ends of relationships we spoke a lot obviously about relationships but for those people who pretend to come to end those relationships at later points in life and those people who feel like god i'm this age and i should be settled down by now i should be with a partner like i'm gonna there's no one out there for me how would you kind of um help someone change that mindset of really being consumed by negativity and the fact that there was no one out there for me i'll like never find the perfect relationship or i'll never find love or i suppose it's a double-ended question this is even those people who are maybe perfectionists and just have standards that are too high those are usually people who have an avoidant attachment style by the way you know i think you can find love at any age there's and especially with online dating this is one of the blessings we talk about how there's pros and cons there are dating sites for older people you know maybe 50 60 plus i don't know what the age range is where you can meet people and there's so many people out there who either got divorced or a spouse died or they've never found their person there's somebody for everyone out there the avoidance ones that what you said the avoidance avoidant attachment style yeah talk to us about that um so there's four different attachment styles and that's basically how you act in relationship and how you attach to your partner and with avoidant attachment style they tend to be individuals who like more space in a relationship they find it a little bit harder to connect to their emotions than most of the other attachment styles they tend to be um searching for perfection and have an idealized version of this like perfect partner that's out there for them even when they're in relationship sometimes they're comparing to an idealized x or comparing to a fantasy of a partner that might be out there that's better and they just tend to be a little bit less connected than some of the other attachment styles this is basically like shallow hull have you ever seen that film i have um yeah i think he would be classified as been avoid and attach that was a great key switch yeah yeah completely reversed yeah the only time he became the innovator and then he turned into a secure attachment style one of the the really interesting things and again we did a podcast with chris wills and he spoke about in relationships that he basically has like three non-negotiables like only three like i mean there could be a lot of different things with those perfectionist people so three non-negotiables for example the driving someone's determination i would personally want the person to be into fitness and things like that having three non-negotiables do you i guess that kind of a good method to have for like finding a partner or because i don't think three's that many i feel like you could you could end up going on forever couldn't you if you could i think three to five i think three is a bit low five please tell chris it's five non-negotiable standards yeah well you know everyone's got their own it depends some people have a lot of things that are really important to them and they um value these again and avoid an attachment style mindset probably value independence over relationship so unless it's a really good fit they're happy being single and it's not necessarily a huge enhancement to their life to be in a relationship yeah yeah sometimes viewed as more of a burden even i think that's also a valid point though because not everybody in the world does want to be in relationships anyway it's it's not like an essential thing it's just one of the things that does happen very commonly in human life and but i think that's actually important that not every single person wants to actually be in a relationship and that's okay because there is a lot of stigma behind that as well in terms of it's always that thing and you see on social media when women go past 30 and they're single it's seen as like traumatic and it's like why is that even a thing that is that is ridiculous yeah it is 100 okay to not want to be in a relationship there's nothing wrong with you yeah i suppose it's also though when you're ready because thing from like one year to the next things can change so much in the way that your four processes the way that you think the way that your circumstances are financially the way that your your goals are driven the the future and what you've got planned for that can change or the level of your emotional healing and readiness yeah or who you bump into exactly i think um one of the good things potentially for us to wrap up on with something that we were talking before with you working with couples who are considering getting married or getting married what potential like tips could we give for people especially like me and lucy because we're just going into engagement and then into married life what like nuggets of information can you give people who are trying making that maybe you think about making that transition or currently in that transition or in those early stages of marriage um don't shy away from premarital counseling and a lot of religious organizations offer it if people are religious and then a lot of therapists couples therapists provide premarital counseling as well and i think it's just a great way to deepen your connection to get to know each other better you'll talk about things like your expectations for kids and if you want them how you want to raise them things like how you want to even down to how you want to discipline them or the values you want to instill in them how you want to handle finances when you get married whether you're going to keep separate finances or combine some of them or all of them those are things you should talk how you like to keep the house if you don't live together already that might be something important to talk about there's there's so many conversations a lot of couples might not think to have or may not think to ask the level of detailed questions that a premarital counselor will facilitate sex definitely talk about sex likes and dislikes and frequency and and fantasies i mean there's a million questions you can ask each other about yeah i mean i think that's important because i mean to be honest i didn't know there's anything called pre-marriage cancer that's something new to me anyway yeah yeah i think and again that's why it's useful that we have these conversations as well because there'll be there'll be times i've even looked at during this podcast or some of the background reset i was doing that i didn't even know what it was or didn't really even understand because it's not something that we commonly see i just had i know you said that was a random question but i just had one final one found a really important question and this is just more so down the topic if you're in a relationship if someone's in a relationship and there's domestic abuse in that relationship for i don't know somebody could be listening who's currently going through it and doesn't have a clue what to do how can that individual reach out for help without because they're scared of their partner and like what could i know they have even things like at starbucks where you can go in and say specific name and you'll go and get help i i don't know the ins and outs of it but do you have any just a bit of help on that in case we have a few listeners for whatever reason that's happening too yeah very important question hotline.org is a good website that has a ton of domestic violence resources it's important to have a safety plan in place if you're going to leave because that's often the most dangerous time in your relationship is when you do leave the abuser so working with a domestic violence organization on how to create that but it would be things like where are you going how are you making sure that the abuser doesn't know where you are who can you call who's going to be your kind of support circle how are you going to support yourself financially a lot of times people stay because they don't have financial support which is why domestic violence shelters and resources are so important for those yeah the hotline.org um i think it's a u.s based resource but it'll have so much education at the very least and then probably links to other countries as well yeah that's perfect we can just make a note in the show notes it's just in case you know relationship podcast it's all happy and things but just so people have that yeah we'll put those links in we'll also find um some of the uk based ones and pop those links into the description and the the podcast information but also sarah and if people want to find out more about yourself and what you do and also take the quiz that we've just been speaking about which we would highly recommend where can people find out more about you and all the wonderful things that you do um and couples learn on everything so instagram is couples learn website is coupleslearn.com and if you click the link in our bio um on the instagram account there's links to the quiz and i think i have a healthy relationship quiz up there as well so you can see if your relationship is healthy or not and um and twitter all that couples learn can people from all over the world reach out to you with for therapy like uk because obviously we're uk based and so just thinking of those people is it completely just worldwide across the united states we can work with most states it depends on licensure but nationwide we can definitely work with people it's myself and one other therapist in my practice currently and um i'm hoping to find more i just i'm very picky about how specialized they are in couples therapy yeah they are so it takes time to find someone that's really good 100 well thanks thanks so much for joining us today anyway so i'm sure there'll be a lot of people are taking a look at this and hopefully we've um helped to save some relationships but at the same time hopefully help some people break away from relationships that they potentially were holding them back yeah 100 so for anyone listening make sure you follow sarah's pages and tag us if you are listening to the podcast and if you're watching on youtube youtube make sure that you subscribe to the youtube channel we will be doing a giveaway on there very shortly but yeah thank you so much again sarah it's been amazing my pleasure thanks for having me bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurendoyle3684 [4 likes]: This episode ❤‍🔥it's always great to have you guys be able to ask professionals about the questions we would want to/don't have access to do. And anything talking about the way digital media has altered our lifestyle, relationship, communicative styles etc is right up my street!!
  2. @mycoachbenji [3 likes]: Spicy ep for the first one back 🔥😂
  3. @etal.strength [2 likes]: Very interesting convo. I like how the NSFC podcast is very open in terms of topics for all around health and fitness.
  4. @catinthehat1486 [1 likes]: Porn addiction creates a dopamine rush that is up there with cocaine. It’s an epidemic killing relationships.
  5. @janegalluzzixx: 31:30 onlyfans

- Kasey and Cece: Kind: captions Language: en all right Cece and Casey yes yeah you guys were police officers yes in Florida in Florida yeah and you did that for how long uh almost five years same and now you guys are only fans only fans adult content creators whatever you want to call it tell tell me about that transition from one one career to another so really how that started did was when I was a police officer I was viral on Tik Tok for being the hot cop so I was known as the hot cop on Tik Tok um somebody used my pictures clickbait and they had said that a cop got fired for having an only fans well at the time I didn't have an only fans I was like I would never I would never have an only fans that's not me my picture is just being used as clickbait like not me at all but then I started seeing like how much money those people were making the girl was making that actually was the police officer that got fired for only fans and at the time it just suited cuz I was just really miserable at my job and I was ready to leave anyway and when I saw how much money it was making I was like it went from I would never to I made it in like two weeks after that happening so that's how I transitioned what were you making as a police officer G jack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think I started off like I don't even know it was ranging from like $13 an hour to $16 an hour when I started out and then the highest I got up to was like $21 an hour I started a little bit behind you so I was on like 16 17 I think and then it got up to got yeah you got up to like 181 19 it was horrible like absolute garbage so I ended up leaving and within like the first like four to six weeks I made $100,000 off of like basic content just for leaving and doing the only fans uh and then I drug him with me a year ago into this world I stayed on a little bit longer um and then once we had our last baby uh I was home on maternity leave with her and we were just seeing how much money we were making and thinking back on me going back to being a cop and everything I was risking my life doing for pennies when I could be home with my family it was just like a no-brainer so I left what's your view on the fact that a career where you're protecting the you know Community pays so much less than it's it's horrible looking back on we we talk about it all the time like it's not worth it there there's no respect for law enforcement anymore the criminal justice system is a joke like at the end of my I I dealt with a lot of drugs I was in the drug game I ran the drug game I would take people to jail for trafficking amounts of drugs and by the end of my shift they'll be out they'll be bonded out a jail and it's just a cycle and the criminal justice system does nothing about it you're just fighting a Unwin battle not even just that it's just corrupt in general the people you're working with are corrupt the criminal justice system is corrupt all of it's corrupt did you together as yes we did Partners yeah yeah I was there first and he showed up as as the is that how you guys met yeah that's how we met yeah I slept with the rookie I broke like the number one rule to not sleep with the rookie so I started at one agency um in Daytona Beach um Florida and then I transferred to her agency yeah that's how we met so that's what how how we met so you've been doing only fans content for three years about like two to three years I just started with her about like last year a year before like like a year or two ago for yeah how how do you guys feel about your new career um I think it's actually made our relationship a lot stronger I think that it's given yeah I think that it's given us like more time with each other and our children um Financial wise way better than what we were making before it was a bit of a struggle with him being on a cop like cop salary and then my cop salary like things like that um I'd be gone all the time gone all the time it caused a lot of like fights issues and other problems um and personality problems too you don't realize that when you're a cop you also kind of like develop personality problems um so I will say like me when I was a police officer I was a way different person even coming home same with him like he would come he's just a different person it just kind of kills your mood it just it just like molds you into this like you're this superhero and you can never switch off this like arrogant honestly like you kind of get like this arrogant Persona and thought process it's very judgmental for the most part too like you try not to be but it really starts like wearing on you especially the people you work with um like it's the whole duration of your shift you're thinking this person is trying to deceive me they're lying I've got to figure out this puzzle and like you never shut that off no you bring it home BR home and every Everything is a problem that you have to solve and it it it just wasn't right or you start making up problems too like oh this person's doing this this person's doing that or like it's just crazy cuz you're always on edge and then you're not getting sleep cuz you're working all the time and with our department they were constantly calling us in more than we probably should have worked for like a human being and mental health and stuff which they say they have like mental health people to help with that but it's horrible it's do you have friends who are still in the yeah PD mhm we do but we don't really talk to them though no since leaving we've kind of like cut shut off all law enforcement like it's that that's put in a box and put away it is it's like a little memory that we like are are you happier now way I at least I know I am and since being out like we've we've had moments where we sit there and think about everything that we did on Dee like the traumatic stuff like that you don't really think about while you're doing it but like taking a year out and then you get to reflect back on it you're like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I dealt with this this and this and I never dealt with any like Trauma from it like healing and like we'd sit there and we'd just have heart to hearts with each other and like discuss what happened and how it um made us feel and that you don't think about that while you're on Dy you don't get to release all of that you have to be this superhuman 24/7 like you can't show like I guess weakness in a way yeah so the money is better with what you're doing now way abely but and we don't need to even address the dangers and the negatives of being a cop no what are the negatives of being an only fans people don't take it seriously so they think it's not a real career they think it's not a a job you know they don't take it seriously and then you also get the misconceptions that like for example we're monogamous I don't go sleep other men he doesn't go to sleep with other like females in this game like other people do and that's what they do but we don't and a lot of people have tried to pressure us into that or have tried to like been like oh you don't do that like what's the point like y'all are like so boring you know you're going to fail you're you're going to fail at this you're not going to do good in this um if you don't go like go mainstream and go sleep with other people and it's like okay no we're going to stay true to ourselves you're not going to pressure us into anything and there's a lot of misconceptions that like if you do only fans you're a ho you know you're easy you're going to just give it up and you know like all these other things around it and it's like some people might and if that's their game that's their game but some people's game isn't that it's to make money it's to provide and a lot of people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk especially since we're parents we have five kids so we're parents and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk that oh like imagine what your kids are going to think when they're older and they find out like you guys are doing porn and you guys are putting yourselves on the internet and all these other things our kids are going to find out we make money by Sleeping with each other that's yeah we're sleeping with each other other like who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's how they got here you know what I mean I think that's why we stand out the most as well cuz we just came up popped out of nowhere industry and I think it's taken a lot of people by surprise that we are so tight-knit with each other and we're not venturing out occasionally she'll do stuff with girl girl like mostly like photography like shoots and stuff like that um but we're so tight and it's just us together we're not venturing out or anything like that and I think that's got a little a lot of people like upset and confused and like how can you do this so I had to go and sleep with all these other people to make you just got to walk in here and do it and it's like I'm sorry like I don't know what to tell you the money came pretty quickly very quickly very very quickly so what I had ended up doing was um when I was on duty I started deciding okay like I think I'm going to end up going um so I went and I did a photo shoot um when I was off duty and I did a photo shoot I I signed up on the platform I set up the whole page but I did not launch it like I didn't make it available for anybody yet um so when I decided to leave what I did was I left put my notice in and then I gave myself a two-day grace period which basically the captain at the time had said if I changed my mind I'm welcome back because I left on good terms I didn't tell anybody was what I was doing I just told everybody like I need to go it's for my kids like this is not which it was true but they didn't know I had something else lined up um my chief actually specifically told me don't do anything crazy or I wouldn't do okay um so I'd gave myself a two-day grace period And then after the two days I launched it and I made money immediately like immediately it was like when the launch day I'm pretty sure made $220,000 the launch day and then it just get piling piling piling piling now the the only the only fans models that I've talked to have all explained that it's not really an easy job no there's a lot of work and I will say so mine is a rear case I already had a following I already had a following on Instagram I already had a following on Tik Tok from being a police officer yes from being a police officer doing like the Tik toks and stuff and you all this other attractive and all yeah um so all that stuff um and I did model part time with some companies like it was what like style like all those things so I was part-time modeling with that stuff too um so it was a little bit easier for me mine's a rare case people look at mine like oh I want to do it and I'm like hold on it's a lot of work I I don't think only fans is as easy as people no no no you need to build that following you need to build that Rapport you need to post every single day consistently there's ways of posting there's ways of talking to people you really got to know it in and out and if you don't you're going to fall in your face probably I just the story of you guys being cops and now being this adds some interest to to your story yeah it's definitely different um you know there's a lot of cops out there you wouldn't believe it or not that DM me or DM him and are like I want to switch my wife and I were thinking about this and they're like a cop and a paramedic couple or they're like this and that and there's so many and then there's a handful that are like I secretly have this off page for my feet or I have can you help us run can you help me run it or whatever because my other part of my job I help run socials um and I do marketing and development for companies and stuff so um basically we have a lot of people messaging us that in law enforcement too and other you know doctors and nurses and things like that that are like I secretly have this page or I want to make this page do you deal with the stigma from other people or even like your own kind of like subconscious thoughts about what you're doing we do friends family there's a lot of people that have been cut off in our lives cuz they they didn't they weren't for it they didn't believe in US understand or they would fake they would fake it like fake us out and be like oh this is awesome you're doing awesome because they see we're making the money and it's beneficial to them because we're going to be able to do this this and that you can I have $20 can I have $100 yeah can I have this can I have that you know like blah blah blah and then the next minute that you know you're pissing them off oh you're You're Just a Nobody you're just only fans horror your wife's a horror showing yourself on the intern lot of judgment with sex work yeah there there's a lot of judgment with sex work which I don't understand that even what I also didn't understand was the whole thing I went through um when I got accused of having o nobody believed me that I didn't have an O at first um luckily the right people who needed to so I didn't get fired did but at first everyone's like oh you have this you have that and this and that there was a lot of judgment but I I don't understand that so number one in the police field they're pretty much all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] majority of cops are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] each other okay they're pretty much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's a horr field like EMS uh hospitals police work things like that I mean they're they're all fcking usually they really are and it's very rare where the it's a 1% where they're not and they're faithful and they're not doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whatever fine it's built it's built up on trauma as well like people have these like trauma boms you're with these people for so many hours through days and nights like you build this connection men are corny at night too I know horny horny at night so if you're working night shift like these men get horny it's like I'm laughing but it's a little traumatic too I'm not going to lie it was a little traumatic too um but no and it's such a bad name with it but why like you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyway and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you get home and get off duty so why couldn't somebody technically have an only fans like that why is it deemed unprofessional I don't understand that cuz it's not legal as long as you're not doing anything illegal or you're not doing it on duty why do you care M like it's legal so why do you care there's this stigma with I mean maybe it's B and everybody's sending each other nudes for free on Snapchat make the money off it at least I think I think it stems from religion maybe yeah I don't know something maybe that politically correct shouldn't be doing that it's like I don't know I mean it's more accepted in society now but back then yes like women showing off their titties or not and you you guys are both young so you can do this for another 5 10 years at least we could but I think we do a lot of other things so we model for a lot of Brands um we we we like to invest in other companies and stuff um so the off stuff is kind of just like a side gig for us there like there's a lot more to what we do like the social management that she does um but the O is just like a little little side treat that we do it's just kind of like building the popularity more I guess because I'm about to get into music too so I think we're just kind of like building the popular branching out aren't you we're trying to every opportunity we see it connections how old how old are you guys 28 yeah 28 yeah so you're still very young yeah yeah I'm sure we'll laugh at this like 10 years later watching 20 years later it's certainly an interesting story yeah I'm sure I'm sure we'll look back on it and be like whoa you think you'll ever regret it one day no I don't think so I I don't like making decisions and then regretting like you did it for a reason you're here for a reason everything happens for a reason I me it's really a shame that cops are not compensated the way they should be that's horrible I can't believe it even me now like I've I've got back injury that's I'm I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up for life for that I got when I went through the hiring process for my first agency you had to get tazed which is stupid I don't understand why you do that you don't have to get shot so why do you have to experience a taser um so I did that and ever since then my back has been destroyed I've had multiple surgeries and I've had next to no compensation for it nothing and I have that for life now to to be to be a cop you have to go through it yeah you have to get exposed to the taser you have to get exposed to pepper spray it's insane I can learn about it I can see what it does to people why do I need to experience it I'm not a criminal like but yeah I don't know it is crazy they really don't compensate do you regret getting into law enforcement no cuz then I wouldn't have met her um and no it it was definitely it was definitely I like your answer it was definitely an experience um I'm I worked hard to get the badge I went through schooling I hated school so for me to to um go through school and put myself through that every day for several months months um and then go through all the training like it was a big achievement um I'm proud of it I did my job very well as did she um but I don't regret it but I definitely wouldn't go back to it I regret putting myself through it like I think that's my main thing I don't regret it either I'm glad I met you I glad that I did help some people I'm glad that like you know like things like that I just regret some of the things I allowed myself to be put through just to hold on to that badge like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz it's different for me and him like me as a female I went through way different day-to-day that he did I mean it was constant sexual harassment and sexual assault things and crazy things and which I never really talked about or told anybody because you'll get labeled as that girl they're either going to call you hoe or they're going to say you're lying or trying to get people fired and then you're going to get fired or you're going to get looked at like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and nobody's want to help you and I definitely went through a lot more craziness a lot more disrespect people automatically typically respect men especially of his stature he's a bigger man like maybe if you're a smaller man maybe not but they don't put you through as much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and tests to give you respect when you're a male officer compared to a female officer so I think the only thing I regret is allowing myself to like put myself in certain predicaments you know maybe flirt with that one person or be with that one person because I thought maybe it might help me get to where I need to be or it might help me like not have drama that day or something you know what I mean or it might just shut them up finally or like all these things I don't know I put myself through a lot or I let people talk to me like dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for a while until the last year then I was like he got to witness it um the last year I was I was done with it but um I hated her being a c when I was on duty when I first started with her I hate it she's tiny I'm we working night shift I'm worried about her 24/7 it was hor I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy she is crazy I was like spider monkey people and STS and going crazy I don't miss that don't miss that 10 years ago if somebody had told you that you're going to be doing like porn content no would believed it probably for myself you would have yeah I've always been like sexually free he's been very very shy he's always been shy with that me I've always been sexually free um it got me in a lot of trouble when I was younger so Casey was it hard for you to like do this stuff on camera I put my face on camera yeah I mean I was helping her out for a little while where it was just faceless and like I was covering tattoos and stuff I know I knew but yeah the first few okay the first the first time that we had to professionally recorded though that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was so funny that was awkward he did he struggled a little bit the the the guy downstairs was was a little scared I performed at the end yeah yeah but yeah it was it was awkward and I've never been in a room with someone recording us like we've recorded our own stuff but having someone recording us so are are you shooting most of your own content or you yeah so we do a lot of our own and we've just started like getting into the professional side of it like we have someone recorded for us but the first one was awkward I had the cameraman is munching on some chips munching on chips so quiet in there I'm like he's like go ahead and get it going like Jerk it get it going but then he's munching on chips and he was like whisper I can't get all he's munching on the chips [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do I do mind you he had taken a pill too to help him out with the nerves to get it going even more no it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him up his face is flushed because like the blood was rushing in all the wrong places the chips are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him up and then he's like never have any issues just putting it out there when you dude yeah it was so awward like turned off with the dude right there next to like his ass too like trying to get like a certain view like he's like he's the right ass like it was crazy like it was the struggle for a little the world has certainly changed yeah yeah CU I've interviewed a bunch of people that are School teachers and lawyers or whatever and and now they're doing this it's like you would never have imagined that it's not the ideal job like I don't I didn't want to be like oh yeah let's go be porn stars and like show our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off to the world like we we talk sometimes I'm like man like I hate that like that is on the Internet or yeah I hate that that is on the internet but it is what it is whatever like it is what it is it makes money who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the end of the day well eventually what's probably going to happen is so many people will have done it that it's really going to lose it's going to be the it's already almost we just got in where it was like okay this is still kind of new I think it be harder today than oh absolutely we get people ask us all the time hey can you help us start out and they have no following or nothing like it's just like the wrong timing yeah um it's like all these apps and stuff that coming in now trying to compete with the big one like it's just it's not going to work there's going to be something new that will happen but only fans is getting so flooded with just everybody jumping on it I think sex work is starting to become a little bit more normal I think it's starting to get there I mean I don't know if normal is the word but accepted maybe not normal but accepted and you guys probably get recognized when you go out to eat or something sometimes yeah most of the time like I wear wigs so it's like different hair colors than what I typically have like day to big pink Hummer I don't wear makeup when I yeah well that's the only thing that yeah you can find me with the pink Hummer pretty easily um but I mean I don't wear makeup and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I dress very um moderate like typically when I'm not working and stuff so it is a whole different look I did have one situation where somebody was like recognized me but also didn't recognize me cuz my hair was different from what my wigs were so they're like are you Cece and I was like I am I just look like a tank I just look like a tank of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I'm in mom mode and I haven't slept in a certain amount of hours and I have no makeup on but yeah it's me in my like raw form of dayto day so that's why I like laugh all the time I'm like when we go out like I don't even like usually look like myself do you guys have regrets in your lives yeah yeah I definitely do I have a lot of regret but what was your what's your biggest regret my biggest regret um guess not being open with people now I'm like an open book and I don't shut the hell up but back then I didn't I was very like shut off to the world hated the world I wasn't very open and it got me into a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it got myself into a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then it hurt a lot of other people too because it was very misunderstood I went from like a very misunderstood angry child to a very misunderstood angry adult what was your childhood like my childhood um my parents were good parents my mom was a good mom but she did have a lot of traumas too um so sometimes she would go from zero to 100 she was a yeller um Italian woman you know like is what it is she had a very very good heart though I will say she was she was a very very good person um in her time while she was alive um and then my biological dad I just don't think he was made for kids I didn't really see him much after like 7 years old we didn't talk much I didn't talk to him until about 21 years old now we're closer since my mom had died but um he really wasn't around my stepdad was very very present but he was another one of those where he he had his own stuff from you know military and he was a police officer as well he still is um so he was a police officer um he loved me um but very very very strict and had very very different religious out viws than my mother my family things like that um and ways of life so it made it a little bit difficult at times um my childhood was good but it was a little bit of struggle Financial wise um just tense in the house a lot arguments between everybody very very tense because of finances or because of you know maybe cheating situations or like other things going on because there's just like this and that you know um me it made me become very very independent at a young age because of all that because you're reading the room you know you don't want to upset anybody you don't want to trigger another argument you you don't want to do something to stir up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know so it made you very independent at one point um so when I got to that point into like pre-teen teenage years I was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] um there was points where I didn't want to like ask my mom for extra money so I would go and steal from like the Walmart to get like extra tampons that I wanted extra things makeup other things Necessities that I would want that I know she wouldn't be a for and I didn't want to make her feel bad so it turned into things like that I ended up getting to the wrong crowd because of course you know naturally I'm searching for that love I'm searching for those things that I'm lacking in that moment because my mom was very preoccupied with her marriage it was a Conant battle my brother had mental illnesses and stuff so um I'm saying saying brother at the time he's goes by a different pronoun now but for this before he goes screaming at me and sees this in the past tense my brother um my brother had mentalis a lot of things so there was a lot of violence with that a lot of violence between me and my brother and things in the home and then that caused a lot of stir so from that I ended up with the wrong people because I'm searching you know for more attention because he was getting more of the attention because he needed it which is fine is what it is um which led me into like I I don't know if I could say the word um UNC consensual incidents you know yeah I don't want to say the word because I don't know if it'll get banned um you can say whatever you like okay rape yeah so rape incident sexual assaults incidents um and then from there I got a lot of bullying because of that so I was pretty much bullied into losing my virginity bullied into a lot of sexual incidents that happened in teenage years and the shitty part is is that I got labeled as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because they went around and told the whole school things like that and that's when it became my Persona you want to call me a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay I'm a whor you know like instead of I didn't want them to think I was weak so you know I played the horror part okay yeah I'm a horror yeah what about it you know I'm a big bad horror like played the hor part but then you know I go home and I feel bad about it after that then I'm like when I'm going to bed I'm crying when I go to bed I'm depressed when I go to bed I'm like I wish I could tell my mom but if I tell my mom she's probably going to think I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too like you know what I mean you think any of these things went through play a part in your decision to do why I became a cop absolutely and and an only fan Mon and that too yeah so it just it became so frustrating so I turned into this very angry misunderstood child I even got put into Mental Hospitals and youth crisis centers for mental illnesses and the the therapists were like she doesn't have mental illnesses she just is going through this is not and doesn't know how to deal with those feelings doesn't know how to express those feelings or tell things or this is not it's not she's not crazy like it's it's literally just Defiance because she feels so angry at the world and doesn't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do with it and then same it turned into adulthood adulthood before him I was in a prior relationship with a high school sweetheart and we had two kids sweetheart not anymore yes not anymore and it was a domestic violent relationship like very very very very very bad domestic violent relationship um so then that happened and I just feel like I regret just not being open and talking because it's just led me to choosing bad men choosing putting myself in bad situations letting myself be labeled as things I'm not even as an adult I was being labeled oh she should be on meds she should be on this she should that oh she's a wh oh this that and it was finally like when I got away from that noise and just had a second to breathe had a second to think and really find who I was go get therapy go get help I've did all that and I was like it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't me like yeah parts of it obviously was me but it was like I was letting people label me I was going with things that I shouldn't have been going with and I'm accountable for that but at the end of the day once I got away from it I'm so much like better of a person now it's crazy like now I know myself and I think that's what led to the sexual Freedom again because for a long time when I was having sex or doing sexual things it was either one to get something two to have a place to live because my mom died when I was 19 and I was constantly homeless and on couches and things like that so place to live um three because I was pressured and I didn't know how to say no which was my fault in a way too but it's hard and four I was just drinking to forget about things and then it leads to that so he was like the first person really that it was your savior no first person that it was like I could be you know like not drinking sober it was like calm it was like something that was wanted and I actually like found that like sexual libido again you know CU my sex driver had been killed for so long because of the domestic violence because of the sexual assaults because of stupid situations that it was like now that's when I branched into the only fans and it was like now I can be who I want to be so when I express my sexual Freedom through my only fans it's what I want to do like I don't let people bully what I'm going to do or tell me what to do I'll provide what people ask me for for the most part if I'm comfortable with it but now I no longer like try to fit in a box you know what I mean for people just to be a people pleaser was like a major pushover and now I'm not anymore I'm done with it I'm over it Casey what was your childhood like um so it was similar um parents off and on arguing cheating um my dad wasn't really in the picture from up until I was about six it was when he dipped um my parents got divorced um I didn't have to endure the majority of the stuff that um CCE did I was so focused on Sports when I was younger I think that's what kept me out of a lot of shitty situations I grew up with all these friends that are in in and out of jail now I was born and raised in England so it was a completely different lifestyle um but I spent most of my my childhood days and then into my teens just doing sports I was distant from my friends I was always out doing something either riding my bike skateboard playing football I was doing gymnastics I was into all kinds of different sports um but I had plenty of opportunities where I could go off and make the wrong decision um I didn't have that Father Figure to guide me um he was off doing his own thing I can't tell you how many times he got engaged or got a new girlfriend moved on moved to a different town I would see him off and on and anytime I did go see him he would try and convince me to stay with him for a certain period of time so he wouldn't have to pay my mom child support it it was just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] situation all around and I think I kind of needed and I wanted that that love from my parents that I wasn't going to get um like I would try and seek it elsewhere I would put myself in shitty situations I would open up to shitty people who would take advantage of me um I've been in countless relationships where that's happened and I've just not been aware that this person isn't with me for the right reasons like they're just here to hurt me and take me for my things and then disappear um I think that that's caused a lot of trauma and bad decisions on my side um and that's something that that we've grown on I never used to open up about my feelings I was this tight little box even more so when I was a cop like yeah it was really it was one way or no way I don't have feelings like feelings are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid like what are the biggest problems law enforcement people have in their careers you think you you forget that you're human you you're allowed to have these feelings mental health is a huge issue and it needs to be handled like you can't just put that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the side you also forget that other people are human yeah like you like going back to it like I said I I was in The Dope Game everyone that I dealt with was trying to deceive me they were lying they're hiding things from me it was always a puzzle and I would look at everyone like that and it was just wrong like it was it was we had two different views when it came to like the dope game or like people like that I think it's cuz I was raised a little bit more diverse too I was raised in Jacksonville Florida so it was definitely a lot more diverse from the area he was in um I had a lot of drugs um around the area that I grew up in England so I saw it and and I have friends that I dealt with it and they've they've been in in and out of jail so I think that's why I picked such an interest in drugs like yeah I want to make a difference but you it's impossible but mine was the opposite cuz my brother at the time was always like on drugs and I was having to like be his rehab and stuff and get him help and bring him back down and things like that and I was like his stable person for that since my mom wasn't alive and like everybody else kind of like dispersed after that so I had a different Outlook you were like get them get them get them get them like this person's shitty and then I'm like I was so anti no I'm not getting in the D I'm not arresting people for this like these people are going through [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like these are humans you know it it gave us like two different points of views I guess there's a couple people that I I generally did help like I this was their one time they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like everyone [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I understand there's a couple people that have kids and they were they were just in the wrong place the wrong time made wrong decisions there's a couple people that I have helped and I understand that you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and I I'll do everything I can to get you back on track this is your you hit rock bottom now now let's go up from here but the majority of the time it was just like you're a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you've got drugs I'm saying you were I will say like as a cop like standing backwards not to be rude you were a little brutal sometimes in my opinion that's my opinion were a little brutal and you did get into that like mode where you would forget they're human beings too as annoying as some of them were um I was a lot more I was a lot more liked in that part of the community because I wasn't as hard as everybody everyone knew when my shift was and when I I was a lot more liked in that part but it was just because I I definitely had more of a soft spot for people who are drug users things like that because of my own like experience with my family I guess and I was a lot more compassionate than most people which was a failure in other people's eyes when it came to like talking about me as a police officer they thought I was weak and I thought I was too friendly or things like that and it's like when I had to be Stern I was Stern when I had to do this I had to do this but at the end of the day people are humans we're all humans and like no I'm not doing that and I do regret some of the things being on duty that I let other people drag me into where it was a little bit like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I'm like why why is this happening like one lady I won't I will never for the rest of my life forget this lady and her look in my fa like it is probably the most horrible thing I feel like I've done in my life even though I wasn't the person who made the the call but there was a lady who had like a revoked license or something suspended and there was like a whole bunch of different things and I I got radioed over the thing they like pull that car like I've been seeing that car in the LPR pull that car and I was like okay so then I pull the car and obviously you can't drive if you don't have a license and at that or you can go to jail for it but I was like I'm not taking this lady to jail like her baby's in the car like she has somebody with her like she can't just call somebody we don't we don't let people call for rides that are like this like I'm like what do you mean like this oh this is this person's frequently doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blah we don't call and let people get picked up like this and blah blah blah blah so I was like well I'm not arrest your unless you're going to put the cuffs on her you know like and of course that turned into a banter between me and this one person and at the time I I was brand new on the road so really I had to say but not much was to say as well so I was like well I'm not doing that but then he was like well you're going to tow the car and I was like why would we tow the car like why can't you just leave it parked and let somebody come get it she has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby like what do you what do you want here like you're going to make a walk down the road like half a mile to the gas station like what it became a whole thing and the tow truck ended up getting called and of course do you know who got blamed me because that person decided to walk away and you know what's crazy is I stopped this car for this person and then it all got put on me so she just went off on me went off on me like how awful of human being I am that she has a baby and now they have no ride no this no that like it was just a whole thing do you think cops get a a raw deal the way they get treated sometimes and sometimes not sometimes warranted there's a lot of C especially at our agency that we worked at there's a lot of cops that let the badge go to their head like there's a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you can do but you you you don't have to do it it's not requ you have all these options you don't have to do like tickets too like there there's officer discretion with everything arresting like everything like there's some there isn't some there is so it's like there where there's times where there could have been compassion and there could have been discretion like they didn't because they're just you hate writing tickets yeah I I rarely wrote tickets no unless you're a real piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you did something absolutely outrageous like then you get TI kill or hurt somebody and Tra it yes I'm going to write you something or take you to jail sometimes it feels like is there like a quota that you need to like so there there isn't one but a lot of people let it go to their head and they will oh I want all these stats for the day so I can show off to my sergeant not even that how many times did I get yelled at you didn't do this many traffic stops today you didn't do why am I going to do this I'm taking actual [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] calls that mean something I'm doing reports on actual important [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know like burglaries and other things like that that might not be important to you because you like traffic you like this this and that and even one time they're like oh you can't even get a drug arrest I went out and I got it I end up giving it to him cuz he was in training but I'm like I can do all these things but it doesn't mean I have to like there's more important things to be doing than stopping somebody that's going 10 miles over the limit they don't think about like that one speeding ticket that you gave that person you probably [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up their whole year like they they're living paycheck to paycheck their car is going to get repossessed like they don't think about that oh I just got this many tickets today I got this many arrests like yeah they they just do the most because they can it's really messed up sometimes and it's I do regret being drug into it sometimes or even I would say some things like this is wrong this is not and they like I would get shut up like it doesn't matter like and it's just like I'm just standing there like this is just so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like what is going on right now and the situations that you would get put like I I was so gun ho with drugs like I would be doing the the craziest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'd be chasing people through the woods I have no idea if they've got guns or whatnot middle of the night I'm chasing I'm jumping out of cars tackling people like just thinking back to it like I've got family at home like it takes nothing for someone to turn around and pop me in the head our friend that we work with he got shot and killed there was another officer in Texas that just got shot and killed in the head he was what 17 years in yeah he was 17 years in you're almost and you're dead yeah majority actually if you look it up majority of police officers die within right before entire retirement or like a year after retirement of your health issues or killing yourself like builds up it's really bad no it was that was bad my friend did get shot in the head and killed on duty um we were in the academy together and stuff too that was the first agency I worked at in Daytona that disheartened a lot too yeah that disheartened me a lot in law enforcement too because once I saw like what that person was like getting for doing that I was like this is like insane like he's dead and this person's like getting a stop on the like this is like this person's in jail for Life getting free food no bills no nothing yeah you're in a shitty place but your your life is set you're in this box now for rest of your life and he never good person he never got to have a family never got to get married never got to do anything cuz he was still younger in his 20s well yeah I think he was still in his 20s right yeah let me ask you one one last question what would you guys say is the most important thing you've learned the most important thing we this interesting Journey you've had in this journey be yourself don't let anyone manipulate you you make your own decisions you know where you want to go with your life and what you want to do don't let the industry or anyone tell you otherwi yeah life is not that serious it's not it's a short ride live it goes by very fast don't it's like everyone y you don't have a career now you don't have a pension who cares we're out here we're making money we're smart we're putting money away investing we're living life yeah we get to travel 24/7 we with our kids 24/7 we're not sat in a little patrol car 12 hours out of a day working for a pension that we may never get yeah interesting story yeah yeah all right CE and Casey thank you so much for sharing it thank you and I wish you guys lots of luck thank you thanks thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakestone-e9b: She’s a 4 at best
  2. @AthenaGM: We know who runs the house. Does anyone has Excedrin?
  3. @Jasmina_Galeano: She’s not that bright and not that hot.
  4. @maureencourtney3479: MY COUSIN WAS A POLICE OFFICER!!! HIS SHIFT WAS OVER!!! HE WAS TOLD HE HADTO SERVE THIS PERSON. IT WAS A DOMESTIC DISPUTE!!! HE WENT TO SERVE THE GUY!!! THE GUY SHOT HIM!!! ENDED HIS LIFE!!! HE WAS YOUNG!!! HE  HAD A WIFE AN D KIDS!!! IT WAS MESSED UP!!! VERY SAD!!! 😢 ❤ 😢
  5. @GetOffMyStoop: Going from hero to zero. Money is wicked.
  6. @Bhallmed: those kids school years are gonna be brutal. hope they raise them strong to take the criticism
  7. @TwoPeasInAPod: I am 29 minutes in and just noticed his accent lol
  8. @priscillacortes4214: Yeah actually its her, she is so damn corny.
  9. @priscillacortes4214: They come off so corny to me
  10. @TheSwedishOak: These two certainly didn't fit as police officers.. there is more to their retirement story than this I think
  11. @couchprincess698: Cops in NY start off making 70k a year and easy 100k with over time. 
It must be a super super small town they’re from.
  12. @comama1629: She won't even let her husband talk just keeps talking over him.  Annoying to listen to. She's definitely had a lot of trauma in her life which is sad.  I just feel bad for the kids and what bullying/teasing they will have to endure when inevitably their parents' OF "jobs" are exposed.
  13. @paullockheart304: Mark , why is it that you have soooo many people on your comment, MAKING CONDESCENDING REMARKS 🤔🧎
  14. @reconman19: link to their onlyfans or nah? Wanna support is all
  15. @sammyrizzo1199: What is his accent!? It appears out of nowhere. He sounds like he’s from Boston and then randomly Ireland lmao.
  16. @ricardomireles7645: Gross
  17. @ricardomireles7645: Hookers?
  18. @leanneharrisskitt: Yer but its not good money
  19. @Persistence_Prevails: This couple seem to smile and laugh a lot together , which I think is great.
  20. @JalilaOung: It’s like that at a casino also. Almost everyone sleeps with each other. Not saying all casino’s are like that but the places I worked at, everyone cheat and sleep around. Lol it’s probably like that at most work place because you spend all your time with your coworkers. 😄

- Why Conservative OnlyFans Star Anya Lacey Launched a ‘Trad Wife’ Dating Website: Kind: captions Language: en for now. Um, this will be my job for the foreseeable future. Um, I don't really have plans on stopping it anytime soon. I really want to do this as long as I possibly can. I enjoy it personally. Um, I'm sure there is a time that God has put for me to stop it. Um, but for now, it's it's kind of going on. If I meet like the perfect person and he's like, "Yeah, I'm 1,000% willing to provide." And it's you're never going to have to worry about providing for yourself or anything. That might, you know, be a conversation there. But a lot of this is also because a lot of men don't want to provide. And even if they do want to provide, it's really hard to provide in this day and age um for a big family. So a job like what I do now gives me the opportunity to have that family, have the opportunities that I can make with that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ayo_steevo [16 likes]: These ppl are f*cking delusional and US weekly is a joke of a company now
  2. @xwaazes6375 [9 likes]: My head hurts from a 58 SECOND interview. WHAT ON EARTH
  3. @carjeff8843 [6 likes]: This is insane
  4. @PegasusMP1983 [6 likes]: A what? 😂
  5. @unknownaltar8735 [5 likes]: "Woe to those who call evil good, and good evil;
Who put darkness for light, and light for darkness;
Who put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!"
  6. @eneveasi [4 likes]: I just.. don’t get why she sells her body online but wants a traditional marriage.. like.. oxymoron much?
  7. @klefdnb [3 likes]: She's smarter than I thought
  8. @TheOtherCaleb [2 likes]: We deserve utter destruction.
  9. @carjeff8843 [2 likes]: Publicity, I guarantee you. Don't fall for the psyop.
  10. @jamesterman3235 [1 likes]: Ask her what God thinks about her filming herself getting railed in the rear and posting it online for money aka prostitution..

I didn't know that was trad🤣🤡
  11. @erikundluis8388 [1 likes]: Dream
  12. @SrbendaNo1 [1 likes]: This gotta be a psyop to convince young conservative girls that its ok to be traditional and an OF whore.
  13. @HelenaLockhart2004 [1 likes]: Get some bitches Mr. Monsieur Z.
  14. @HelenaLockhart2004 [1 likes]: YOU GO GIRL! I support you. Be that Light Divine Feminine. Make your man take care of you. Show him who’s boss.
  15. @theshawndavisshow: So if you meet a better huy your partner is out?
  16. @TheScottbb1: lol this chick doesn’t care about God she wants a free ride with the few brain cells she has and the sad thing is some simp is going to fall for her grift
  17. @StudiomcmasterTV: I'd say that she isnt conservative but conservativism is progressivism going the speed limit and this is the proof of this. Onlyfans hoes can now be "trad wives" even tho they sell everything about them selves to others to jack off to. This world order is rotten to the core and must be burned to ashes before anything new can be built.
  18. @averageenjoyer1690: pig
  19. @WarPigstheHun: Assuming you're not a hypocrite, I'm actually impressed that you managed to stay celibate despite being super horny all the time. I think conservative and liberal values are just nonsense terms used to divide us and force group conformity.
  20. @DarlaOrton: Ok, I get it now!! COOL💯
What Happens on a Trad Wife Dating Site?

These sites typically aim to match:

Women who want to be homemakers, caregivers, and traditional spouses

With Men who want a traditional, conservative, family-oriented partner and often expect to be the breadwinner/provider

🔎 Examples of Sites or Communities

There aren't many mainstream dating apps just for tradwives, but some sites cater to similar values, such as:

Keeper – An app aimed at traditional relationships (launched as an alternative to swipe culture)

Christian Mingle – Not specifically "trad wife" focused, but attracts many people with traditional values

Patriarch Passions (satirical name, but some sites use similar branding for real niche platforms)

Red Pill or Traditionalist subreddits or forums – Where people with these ideals may find each other

Some people use regular dating platforms (like Hinge, Bumble, etc.) but filter using bios, tags, or religious/political identifiers (e.g., "Proverbs 31 woman," “Traditional Catholic,” “Stay-at-home mom,” etc.)

⚠ Things to Know

This subculture can be controversial. Critics argue it idealizes outdated, restrictive roles for women.

Supporters argue it promotes family stability, clear roles, and mutual respect within a chosen lifestyle.

As with any niche dating scene, it’s important to vet platforms and people for safety and genuine intent.

- Only Fans vs Relationships - Chris Williamson: Kind: captions Language: en yeah on the note of relationships and dildos this was something i was going to speak to about as well of course there's been a specialist subject indeed chris that's why you're on there's been there's been a lot of stuff happening with only fans at the moment yes lots of movement i think there's been something new again this week in regards to the guidelines that first kind of caused this whole ruckus and they are now allowed to keep some pornography on there so nudity's been re-allowed basically they reversed their position yes um for anyone that doesn't know only fans is a platform kind of like patreon that allows creators to make adult content and non-adult content that can be supported by their fans yeah and it kind of got off the ground as a way for amateur guys and mostly girls to produce homemade porn lucy matt of course yeah uh solo porn i thought it was on grindr it's not absolutely not you two are way too comfortable about that yeah um definitely not and for a very long time they've generated terrifying amounts of money i think that they're valued over a billion they've been bought by this guy who owns the adult video network and the the owners actually from essex british guy really yeah yeah yeah born and bred then about a week and a half ago they announced that they were going to stop nudity on the site apart from very particular types of nudity so all of the creators that were on there were out of job they were [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of luck like not many people go on to only that some do but not many people go onto only fans for normal content so there's cases like legs that have to be closed instead of open and uh i don't know i don't know what the specifics were presumably they would have had to really kind of stipulate the regulations but the long and short of it was stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself on camera yeah and there was a lot of kickback from creators like this i had chelsea ferguson on the podcast a while ago now she made it yeah so she made the course you do she made the um another version a similar version called miami.vip which is only fans but slightly different platform and she was saying she told me at the time she was having a nightmare with banking so the way that it works is the platform takes all of the money from the creators and then pays it back out minus their cut but that means that you need to run all of this horny revenue through your business and she was running like millions a month top line revenue through and then paying it back out so she had to go to some weird german bank in order to be able to get banking barclays santander like british banks just wouldn't touch her because of the money like i don't know the money that it was handling how it was being delivered and the justification for only fans switching it was because they were having banking problems so as soon as that happened i thought that makes sense i've heard i've heard from chelsea already that this is a challenge the kickback from their creators was so insane and so aggressive and i think that they realized i think the only thing i can presume is they realized how much they were going to lose how much money they were going to lose but i don't understand like who looked at only fans as a platform and thought yeah this is going to be the new patreon but no people are here to see nudity and that's it and then they've reversed their position again one of the things i thought was kind of weird or funny to see on there was that when they reversed their position a lot of the creators the girls that have got like nudie photos in their on their profiles commented saying i want you to pay me all of the lost revenue from the people that have left the platform over the last couple of months so hang on a second you were complaining about the fact that you just lost the platform they're now giving you it back and you're still complaining that you never had yeah yeah so yeah it's been um it's an interesting one do you know how much of the top creators are making on there terrifying yeah i've got i'm friends i'm friends with a girl called ella silva who used to be a like a play boy play girl and i think she makes like a quarter of a mil a month the thing is though uh with like zero costs like the only costs are like your own summers like dildo expenses you can probably run through the business anyway yeah well one of them one of our guests knows all about those uh it's whether you have like the morality in there and where your i suppose life morals are to be okay with that and we've discussed that previously about other people some people are very very happy doing it and they're very very good lives from it personally i couldn't and then or be with someone further down the line who would be that i think you'd have to be a very specific person to be able to feel okay about knowing that your partner had been that type of person yeah there's this there's like a thing with it now though where couples do it together yeah yeah and i'm not i'm just i'm just thinking absolutely it's more so so that's probably i don't know is that a non-negotiable for me relationship for anyone else to see been naked yeah i mean actually that should have been the first one like yeah no porn yeah no i don't want i don't want other people to see right um so i think that type of relationship was via different very important very unique is the only is the only when you think about some of the ways that people are trying to re-engineer relationships now to match up with the world that we see polyamory or non-monogamy generally you know sort of one it typically is like something fluid like you can sleep with other people there's varying degrees of non-monogamy polyamory is like quite an intense version of that but you can have other ones what does that mean so uh non-monogamy would be that both partners or all one partner are permitted to physically be intimate with others um then you can kind of roll it forward to where you have like a main partner and then you can have emotional connections with other ones and then you can kind of roll it even further down the line where basically you're just a totally liberate which is kind of the same as being single but you're somehow also in a relationship yeah varying different ways that people have tried to re-chop relationships to match up with a world in which you can become anything that you want right so in a meritocracy your successes are yours to bear your failures are yours to bear you can go from working class to top top top level one percent earner on the planet within the space of your lifetime people have tried to take that model and map it onto relationships i mean like right okay so this marriage for life thing that seems constricting and old like why don't we try and reinvent that they go right okay i understand why you want to do it i understand that kind of turning things upside down and saying i don't mind if my partner gets naked on camera and this is this is cool there are a lot of evolutionary drivers that protect you from having your mate be sexually ad like advertorial to other people like that's not a thing it would have never been a thing the people that would have let their mate be sexually promiscuous would have been competed out of the gene pool by people that kept their mate tight yeah that's what it feels like if you're in a relationship with somebody and you feel like they're pulling away that compulsion you get that feeling in your stomach that worry that anxiety what does it cause you to do it causes you to do something called mate guarding so that's what jealousy does as well so you make god more tightly why does make guarding exist because your ancestors that make guarded protected their partner from being taken away by other men or women that were perhaps going to take them away if you spend more time if you're more intense if you're more anxious and you're more on edge looking for oh they didn't quite love me the same way they maybe they've talked to that person for a little bit too long you're going to kill off those little different opportunities for that relationship to break down so i think that when we try and turn stuff upside down that has obviously been developed over a very long time like relationships like long-term sort of at least serial monogamy i think that this may be an argument to be made that relationships for all of life you know the married at 19 and then sort of until death does part type thing i think there's maybe an argument to be made that perhaps that wouldn't have been completely mapped throughout our entire existence because most people were dead by the time they were 35 or 40.

  Top Comments:
  1. @terrijames4840 [2 likes]: I had no idea of what it was until I’ve watched this
  2. @jmrracing7097 [1 likes]: Why did it cut off like that

- OnlyFans models: The complications that ended our open relationship: Kind: captions Language: en It's hard when you you love somebody who's your partner for so long and still do. Um [Music] >> so looking back now um was an open relationship the right call? I think I think ultimately yeah, it made me learn like a lot more about like life and people and myself. >> Just like it pushed me to feel uncomfortable and question things of like why do I want things to be a certain way and and is there an actual reason behind it or is it just some some sort of emotion because I feel uncomfortable and can I get through that? Am I actually going to be a stronger person or more independent if I like challenge myself? And by the way, initially I was like very resistant, but I was also like 19 and like my boyfriend, you know, like I don't know anything else. Um, it's hard because it's like you're doing something that's like so intimate, so close with people and it can be fun and as long as you have like the headsp space that's cool. Um, but it definitely puts a mental like it's a challenge to not feel like I feel connected to this person in more ways than one. So we kind of independently like we worked through different challenges like I definitely had you know inklings of jealousy over the last you know few years where I had to like work through that and not feel like feel certain way. Brian was like he he felt totally fine. >> Had a sweet deal where she didn't care. She we both had the same like permissions and she was just not interested at all in anybody else ever. And I'm like okay then I guess I'll go out on a date you know tonight or whatever the case is. And I I had maybe like three instances of that, three or four uh different like uh girlfriends or whatever over the years. >> He said um because basically you allowed that than when um >> it's been your turn more recently. He didn't want to say you can't. >> Well, being like kind of like my firstish time, I think it was different for him because he was so used to me just being like, I'm good. I'm going to be here. which I was consistently for, you know, 12 something years at the time. And then it's like, well, I think I will dabble. You know, that's a big adjustment for somebody who's used to like their partner being like just sitting on the sidelines kind of thing. >> I felt a level of guilt for how many times I had relationships, how many times I left her hanging at the house alone. And I had never really had that perspective. And then when she's when she did it a couple times, I'm like, "Oh, wow. That feels really bad. I made this person I care about probably feel really, really bad." And I don't like that. I wish I could go back and redo that. >> And there was a point where he said like, I I no longer want to do Yeah. the open relationship thing, but >> you said you still did. Um why? >> I think one of those things is like once you've once you kind of like have seen something, it's hard to you can't like unsee it. So for me, I was like, well, I want to try and figure this out and I want you to be happy and I want me to be happy and I want us to do what will make us happy ultimately and now we can't like self-sacrifice for each other either. So like is there a way to figure this out? Is there a compromise of sorts or is there a trade-off that we can make? What started causing issues in my opinion was that uh the people worked for us and then there's this conflict where they work for us um which I quickly solved with the the girl I was dating. I was like you can't work here. There's way too much conflict of interest. Brian um let go of the person that uh he had developed feelings for. >> Yeah. >> Um but you didn't want to let go of the person that you developed feelings for. it made sense and was the right call I think for him to do that and I didn't ask him to do that either like he did it I think for me and I appreciated that and I said as much and I I always was supportive of him and his other relationships I don't think I ever said like no or anything like that. So, I think it came to this and I was like, I'd like the same kind of treatment, if you will. Like, I would pre prefer not to give this up. Like, I enjoy it. I have a good time and I've always been supportive of you. So, like, you know, some reciprocation kind of thing. >> But I understand uh at one point when he did uh let go of the person you were having the relationship with, it did not go well. >> No. >> How did that piece come to a head? fired initially and then uh then we came up with a new agreement that he agreed that he agreed to uh to work part-time. >> And this is Tyler, the intern. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, you Yeah, you'll figure it out obviously. And we did that for like a minute and then he started going back on that agreement and uh I found out that they were uh bickering about the deal that him and I made. And again, to be fair to her, she was trying to make everybody kumbaya. wasn't like, you know, trying to hurt me or something like that. I think some of the terms that she would come up with absolutely hurt the business. I mean, things pretty verifiable with math, but her intentions, I think, were to just know like we all can get along. She she she was in love with me, she's in love with him, she's in love with the business, she wants everybody to kumbaya. Anyway, so I would find out that they were kind of back channeling. I would get annoyed, put a squash on it. And then this last piece was they were in the middle of a production shoot and they start going at each other about the arrangements and I'm like you're gone. And so I just put them on I just put them on two weeks on paid leave and uh and Bryce and I were already in the middle of like do we want to stay together and then it all kind of cascaded I I guess from there. >> How did uh that get navigated? >> Emotions are complicated. It's hard when you you love somebody who's your partner for so long. and still do. Um, sometimes you're going to have to do things for yourself. So, I chose to do the harder path for me, which was separating myself from Brian in our relationship at this point. we're still really good friends. We're still going to run the businesses together, like stuff like that. He's still my best friend. Um, but instead of trying to do things that I think are not me, cuz I think we want different things ultimately at this point. >> How so? >> Um, I think he may be at the point where he's like over the open relationship part and I'm like kind of started that journey and it's like I can't unlike somebody. So, there was kind of like this like low point of feeling kind of like I'm going to make myself alone and I have a real chance of like blowing a lot of this up, which is bad for uh for everyone, for me, for Brian, for our team. And I care about them a lot. And so, I was like really worried about that for a while. Um cuz I don't want to affect them, but it's hard cuz it's like our business is my life and they're so integrated into it and I just care about making sure that they're okay. and they're a bunch of sweeties, so they're like, "No, no, as long as you're okay, we're okay." So, um, so yeah, it's probably it's that it's like this weird, um, am I going to be okay? I think I will be. >> What do you think of the decision she was making? >> If they don't interfere with my business and they're like totally happy together, I might be like I'll be honest, I might be like a little a little bit salty or something for a few months probably or some something like any human would be. But I think for the most part I'm be like, you know what, it. Good for them. They keep interfering with the business and acting like children most mostly. it. They both act like children in this in this instance in my opinion or in this in this in this specific context. Outside of this context, they're both Bryce especially like solid. What do you think of him? >> I think a lot of things. I think he's young and trying to figure it out. I think he uh has some of the highest he has some of the best traits you would look for in a friend. Um, extreme loyalty, extreme sweetness. Um, young, misguided. >> When I was younger, I was always wanting to be like a porn star. >> Doesn't have any mentorship or guidance in his life. Uh, it was me and I'm kind of like, good luck at this point. >> I just thought it was cool. You for a job. >> I I'll leave it there. It seems like I mean there's still some, you know, negative feelings. When we were talking yesterday on the phone, he said, "Uh, I don't recognize her." Totally delusional and lost and tearing her life down to make sure a 23-year-old kid uh likes her. >> Nah, not not true. We're all right. We're good. So, and uh I think he he's excited cuz he's moving to Vegas, so he's going to have time of his life. But >> and correct me if I'm wrong, still has uh 50% of the the the company. >> Mhm. And you know, we're still going to see each other probably every like 6 8 weeks or so because we're going to get together between like him coming here, >> um us traveling, stuff like that. >> Any concerns about having him less involved? >> No, I feel pretty good. So, like I'm handling all the the day-to-day operations here, which I've done periodically before because he's gone like down rabbit holes of different projects and stuff. So, like I'm more than capable of doing that. And he's just a phone call away in case I need like a consult or something. So, I feel I feel totally good.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericjohnson829 [10 likes]: Kind of funny that he'd choose to wear a breathe right strip through an entire televised interview.
  2. @MyNameForNow27 [4 likes]: So he HAD to wear the nasal aid during the interview and sleeveless shirt ?!?!? What a tool.
  3. @fifthrider [3 likes]: I've known several couples who were in "open relationships."  It's always the woman who wants to drift away and always the man that wants things to stay together.  Always.  Never seen an exception.  They destroy their lives.  It hurts just to watch it from a distance.  I hope the money is worth it 10+ years later when you folks look back on this.
  4. @number-farmer8308 [3 likes]: banging other folks messed up our relationship.  I am shocked, nay shocked and appalled.
  5. @JesseinWisconsin [2 likes]: Interesting
  6. @Atlas302 [2 likes]: Sad to see Graham giving this a platform
  7. @number-farmer8308 [1 likes]: Freaking disgusting.  Remember when you interviewed people that were role models?
  8. @hosoiarchives4858 [1 likes]: Why do people talk like this
  9. @Pauldoe-x8l: porn is demonic
  10. @jont8707: Dang gram reaching in the bottom of the barrel for this one and who tf would PAY to see her nude holycrap 😂😂😂
  11. @glbernini0: Why does that dude always have the nose band on?
  12. @parallelpost: Back in 1999 my wife wanted to model on cam. We sold our business in CA, moved to Clark Cty NV, and I started driving a Krystal coach to support my family while my wife waited on the casinos to hire her. They didn't, her credit had lots of medical debt. 

We met a couple at a weekly motel that sponsored us into our own phone sex business since it was a monopoly. I always wanted a 976 number since I was a teen running my own video game vending company in high school. 

I worked all day and night but we also started an outcall dancer service from Pahrump, NV - its legal in Clark County (Vegas). Its basically payment processing of booked appts for models who dance for locals and tourists. 

Then we found a deal with the Hello Network and Streamray Inc. where my wife and I could run/manage/own studios for video conferencing (adult cams). 

Bandwidth issues and tech or lack of mobile devices that could run apps stifled development but ultimately we had a couple of partners from L.A., San Francisco and Vegas and investors who would back us for 100K to expand any idea I wanted to try in the adult space. 

We had 12 studios going owned our software and I squeezed our partners out or simplified so I could develop for mainstream right when we had the dot-com bubble break in 2000. 

My wife was 6'3", 138 lbs, and a world class fetish model by happenstance. We didnt have ways for average looking girls like Bryce to make money off the cam platforms and it was very competitive, dominated by very hot models so we had to lose our facilities and license software to models to work from home under the streamray business model. 

Traffic was the issue, models needed to find their own customer for longterm support and payments usually came via Paypal or purchasing time on the cam site. 

I wanted to invent the subscription and payment domain so models of all types globally could interact off cam with clients who wanted to send gifts or money. You have to know how men blow money for attention and favor and resent cam sites to get it. But we also had niche adult sites for other types. 

I was full steam into UX/UI and there were no VCs until 2008. I was dealing directly with world class hackers, millionaires and web gurus from the W3C so I had no problem getting funding. I could even write a movie and get a million so I did that too. 

My wife didnt want me sleeping around, we didnt have an open relationship but she suddenly became bisexual. I used to tease her that if she caused too many problems I would replace her with a few black strippers. 

Having a business in general can cause relationship problems. Bryce is lucky she never got married. I couldnt get rid of my wife fast enough once she got into BDSM content production. It creeped me out! My wife had childhood trauma and she needed to get a therapist. 

We agreed to find her a millionaire so we could plan a divorce and it took 7 years but it got done. 

My trajectory was looking great if I could form an LLC or three and hide my IP from my wife. She got one screenplay but the other 6 by 2008. By 2012, FB's IPO  I was worth 100 million based on one property I developed to work with government agencies. 

I forgot to say that I had my wife go down to the FBI in Vegas and let them know I was in the business of tracking hackers and punks who tried to infiltrate our payments systems. 

@grok told me two weeks ago that when the DJIA hit 50,000 I my properties were worth 9.85 billion. But I don't believe it 😎
  13. @plutoplatters: Unstoppable Morgan's  sister ?
  14. @AdamBailey-h3v: May all the party's involved find Jesus Christ otherwise they will all be in Hell Together....4 EVER
  15. @toddpeters9007: Open relationship is not love ..
  16. @Maxdickus: While she and it are efn hot, this is not the way it was designed and it generally will not last
  17. @MyNameForNow27: Shes not even hot...barely mid on her best day maybe.
  18. @cbrobinson10: This has to be the most BS interview with the worst people to speak with on relationships. Why tf is this even being promoted in the media. Stop glorifying this nonsense
  19. @Bobbytaylor1981: Flat chested girl makes tons of money on onlyfans and don’t work real job go figure. People these days don’t know hard work. Or working job for minimum wage like we did in past.
  20. @makevelicustoms: Who TF pays to se this horrendous woman’s OF!! 🤦🏻‍♂️

- Is Your Man’s Infatuation with OnlyFans a Threat? [EXCLUSIVE]: Kind: captions Language: en what's up youtube it's time once again for another exclusive girl chat topic and it's for your eyes only because girl we're not done chatting yet [Music] we are so thankful to all of our youtube subscribers but there's another service where subscriptions are on the rise oh it's the only fans page you guys i've heard so much about this recently you guys sex expert tracy cox wrote a column for the daily mail to see if women should be worried if their man is subscribed to other women's only fan pages and she actually said that it could be a threat to your relationships since you can actually message and talk to the pages creator as opposed to just looking at their content she thinks that you know some men could be going to the app to get attention that they're maybe not receiving from you so ladies how would you feel if you found out that your man wasn't only a fan of you get it i get it like what if these are him like having live conversations with these people i'd rather him watch porn because i feel like porn you don't know those people you can't connect you can't dm them i would rather him do that than be an only fans because that feels a little personal to me i mean that could be considered cheating if he's really into it and he goes back to the same person over and over again what do you guys think yeah i agree with you garcelle and also when you're an only fanner you're you're like a super fan of that one particular person like it's a whole fan club situation i think that's way too personal you know and and i do like couples who enjoy watching you know porn or they like doing things together i think when that person when their man's doing it on the side it's it's that whole thing seems like a red flag to me i don't know why y'all hating on them women let them women make their money okay for my husband are you talking about the women we're talking about them no we talking about the fact that if you saying that then that's that's cutting into their money don't cut it today together you can make money if you guys want to watch the only fans together meaning whatever that count is how about we go we go we go what is that you know how people go half on a baby let's go half hour the fans only account you know like if you're gonna do something like that you don't want to watch it with him i gotta watch well let i'm like this if that's what that man want to do i'm not into telling a man what to do you know what i'm saying if you're going to contact somebody if you're going to cheat that's what you're going to do you did you not agree anyway i completely agree that if he wants to do something he wants to do it and he's gonna find a way to do it a hundred percent i just you don't have to be a part of the idea correct then i then i have to make a decision and say i don't wanna that makes me not feel good that makes me question you know if you are sexually attracted to me am i enough and so many other questions that come up from if a man is choosing to do that so like lonnie said if your man is into this sort of thing you can't control a man if it makes you feel some type of way you got to make the changes you got to mm-hmm i wouldn't know different things dm and on instagram they can dm the baby things i'm like and i don't want that to women don't get caught up don't get your feelings all establish what you can take what you can't take and if you don't do what he gonna do then you know where your relationships stand that's what i think exactly what'd you say and there you have it she said it that's right that's right that's all the time that we have for today thanks for watching and make sure you subscribe to the real daytimes youtube page right here comment below and let us know what are the things that you want to chat about and finally make sure to watch the reel every day go check your local listings to check us out until next time youtube

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheRealDaytime [24 likes]: Could your relationship be in danger if your partner subscribes to OnlyFans?
  2. @KMJ.2157 [10 likes]: But it’s the fact that THEY are paying and putting money into the NEXT mfs pockets and being obsessed enough to PAY for the onlyfans i believe it’s cheating on both ends for a female or male
  3. @AmandaB84 [5 likes]: Only fans ruined my marriage
  4. @Stephyycreates [2 likes]: My ex-boyfriend is already broke enough as it is. So him paying for Only Fans and not on our RELATIONSHIP is messed up. He’s always complaining about being low on money and then asks me to go 50/50 on dates so screw that, I am not going to be with someone who wants to make me pay on dates but spend his money on OF.
  5. @jessicacardona5459 [1 likes]: This video couldn’t have come up at a more perfect time. Not having someone to talk to it helps having these chats from The Real. I miss their show!
  6. @nataliecoleman3988 [1 likes]: I just found out my bf is and it’s destroying me
  7. @momsmushroomsjodyfoster5786 [1 likes]: Yall a bunch a cheaters. Regardless if its just porn or you watch it together. If your getting your kicks off another person besides your partner. Irs cheating
  8. @allhailsunshine052 [1 likes]: Nah even if men follow other girls on Instagram. BIG RED FLAG TO ME.
  9. @tracygallagher6716 [1 likes]: He spent 80000 in 8 months
  10. @tracygallagher6716 [1 likes]: Im broken
  11. @lisaariottiart: I take NOTHING ... old skool -- you stay focused and you  lock in with me which means you drop as block everyone and anyone  else like a hot pocket and make sure they know why-- in addition, we out and about you make sure these Hoes know who I am if they come near you or ......you keep it moving
  12. @Stephyycreates: Yes women should be threatened because once he’s addicted to paying and consuming OF and DMing these women online - it’s going to lead him to emotionally cheat, lead to financial issues because he’s spending money on it, and the intimacy overall (physically and sexually) is going to die down. He’s going to say he’s not feeling it so much with you and then blame you. When in reality, it’s his fault because he lacks self-control and discipline.
  13. @LoriSantaLucia: My husband was conned by an Onlyfans scammer. He had an online “relationship” for over a year! And he’s still lying about it.
  14. @tristanirby6272: Please half these guys think they are really talking to the girls that they subscribe to on OnlyFans when half they’re probably talking to a chatbot or someone who is working for agency that’s doing the chatting for the girls. Lot of OF girls use agencies to talk for them because they probably have too many subscribers or whatever. Some girls actually talk to these guy themselves. But hey either way a lot of somebodies are making that money. I ain’t made at them for that
  15. @samanthafletcher3648: Even on pornsites you can still connect with the video creator
  16. @mariaparis7188: Lonnie doesnt get it.
  17. @daorientalgamer6610: Alot of people here dont get it. Theyre going to of to get attention because their wives arent. Most of these men live in loveless and sexless lives. If they leave they get railed in divorce court
  18. @robindevily9182: I’m in a relationship I tried onlyfans for the first time when one of my fav celebs had a free trial and I saw that the onlyfans algorithm led to more free trial and only fans is different. Like I haven’t responded to any dms because it is such a interactive site that it feels like once you are talking back and forth or taking up offers for sexting and telling your fetishes that it stops being porn and becomes too personal
  19. @thomasparker1486: When you get married you give up the eyes for us If you can't respect your partner's wishes then you shouldn't be married
  20. @rajputan9032: Wait..these are two different things ?? 😂

- Should she divorce her husband for being addicted to Onlyfans?: Kind: captions Language: en hey welcome back guys this is shot I got another Reddit thread for you this one's from the r slash infidelity Forum let's go and check it out and just like that our new marriage has been destroyed [Music] discovered my husband so she is a 30 year old female and she's married to a 34 year old guy uh my husband of seven months and partner of six years continues to use only fans and other dating apps he has a history throughout our relationship of serially using dating apps and soliciting sexual Communications okay the first thing I gotta say is she is this guy's partner for six years and he's had a history of being on dating apps and soliciting sexual Communications images and videos I can't really be she kind of knew what she was getting married to I have no idea if he has met in person with other women behind my back yes I had the most severely low self-esteem during most of our relationship trust me I know we visited this mini we visited this issue many times I believe that we had both been working hard to better ourselves as humans and create a fulfilling lifetime in future together but I was wrong to trust him I have developed my own spirituality and have been operating from a place of love and forgiveness I have been investing in myself tremendously for quite some time and now I am truly contemplating separating you know it sounds like to me the guy is probably not that in love with her but he kind of just keeps her around and she she's probably way more into him than he's into her because if he keeps doing this and doesn't really care you know that that's kind of what seems she's operating from a place of love and forgiveness it seems like she's kind of more desperately hanging on to him anyways among the most hurtful of my recent discoveries are number one he uses only fans the very first thing after waking up and continues use on it throughout the morning putting time stamps together he has used it while laying in bed next to me uses equals subscribing to women searching scarring profiles messaging receiving content also based on number two also based on timestamps he uses only fans while he is sitting on the couch with a YouTube video on the TV and I'm cooking in the kitchen having casual conversations with him throughout this time man you know men need to stop using only fans and things like that I'll be honest I you know as you know I hate to come off as an extremist but I'm pretty anti-porn um I just think it does it's not good for psychological Health you know and I think it's good to kind of stay away from that because then you're more incentivized to want to cultivate relationships with women in real life so that's just me I think it's pretty pretty bad if you're just you know sitting on the couch and your girlfriend or wife's there or something and you're just sitting here going through your app just looking at these naked women that don't give a damn about you it's really sad and terrible and I'm not mad at her for being upset I'm just disappointed in her for knowing that this guy does this a lot and still choosing to get married to him so I mean we got you know she's not innocent totally here number three he has interacted with and bought only fans content from at least one girl I went to school with oh that sucks unbeknownst to him my ultimatums are couples counseling and his development of his own well-being or divorce see here's the thing I mean she's clearly way more into him because instead of just leaving she's just like well we can do couples counseling uh development of his own well-being and then or divorce like this is last I think she probably she admits having low self-esteem issues she's probably worried if she leaves she's gonna have trouble finding someone else so she just puts up with this and you know we don't know what she looks like maybe she can improve in some ways in the looks departments and that's probably where a lot of this goes I mean if I have to imagine what these people look like I'm not imagining beautiful people you know on the one hand there's this guy that's just not only fans all day he's probably out of shape you know what I mean and then there's her who's putting up with this guy you know so I mean this goes a lot back to a person's own confidence in themselves the saddest part is it would break my parents Hearts more than anyone's I feel like an effing idiot I never wanted to get a divorce and absolutely not after an incredible wedding in only seven months of marriage thanks for reading I guess all of this is expected you know she knew he did this he's probably not gonna stop doing it you know I mean it would take a lot for him to stop doing it he's definitely addicted you know the power of this type of content is crazy because it's addicting you know and it's really sad because people start from a really young age watching this stuff and it's just like I think as a man you should not be watching that stuff you know you should be using that energy to work on yourself and get better and go out there and hit on regular women you know what I mean and and get better at that and refine that I mean it's just like why do you want to watch people doing it from a third person point of view you should be wanting to be in the first person point of view doing that it's gonna be a completely different experience you know there's a there's just so much to be said on that topic I'm not going to beat you guys over the head with it anyways that's that story let me know what you guys think down below hit the like button hit the Subscribe button we'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAtlasSupreme [11 likes]: She needs to leave. That dude got problems.
  2. @Chaaabrah90 [9 likes]: I’ll be completely honest: porn has destroyed every single relationship I’ve ever been in (except with the man that I’m currently with). That being said, that guy has a problem that she had to definitely aware of but unfortunately for her, the delusion that a glam wedding and sparkly ring could somehow magically compensate for and overcome her partners fairly serious porn addiction is popping and that has to suck. Bummer. 

Thanks for encouraging men to chill out on the porn, keep it up.
  3. @ArmedAssociation [4 likes]: Props to the girl for trying to make it work. The pornography can stop if he chooses to work on it, there's lots of content online that helps deal with it. The dating apps are suspect. Definitely has to delete those, needs to figure out his future goals because it seems he's aimlessly wondering through life, putting other people in difficult situations with his life choices.
  4. @hansolo7642: Sounds like sexual communication didnt happen. And if it did, it isnt being followed. Typically man has high sex drive, woman gives too tired too busy excuse, months go by without sex. What do you expect
  5. @emilymunozdillon: I totally understand maybe a bit of blame being on this woman but to mention it that many times is victim blaming. I really want you to think if you had that problem you disguise it until you can’t any longer. Weather that is a months or years is inconsequential because the man is lying to the woman.

- ONLYFANS models Are Regretting life as the Money Dries Up: Kind: captions Language: en the craziest thing I done seen is when girls got a fail off and they got to have a uh buy one get one free sale on on digital ass and cooch you that's why starting the only fans was the worst decision I made in my life see in every failure there's a lesson so usually I encourage people to try new things fail try again find out what's for you like for instance if you're bad at playing the piano but you tried play the saxophone if you're bad at playing basketball play football you're bad at rapping sing you know what I mean just try something new because you don't find out what's for you until you try but some things that you try it's not that easy to come back from after you fail like if you're an adult Entertainer like just on the weekends but it's really a failing career so you trying to make it like a side gig yeah you can't just do that and act like yeah I just do that no that's the main thing you do all right certain things can't be side G you can't be putting it out there on the side but let's talk about the failed only fans models that never make it out the hood the craziest thing y seeing is when on digital ass and coochie you should have just kept your 9 to5 that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is online forever having 70% off 60% off buy one get one free on o is diabolical Behavior this is not ack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grocery store this is not a this is not a retail store that is your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] body what the hell is wrong with you having a fail off is like having a fail rap career you know what I'm saying it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] never GNA forget we never G to forget that you was trying to rap you know what I'm saying we you you like we never going to forget that we never going to forget that you was trying to be a Bop and trying to get paid for like for the love of God it's so much risk in that it's so much risk and if you have a fail off oh you really Dam bad you mean to tell me that you were busting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] online and nobody bought that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are done for it's like over with for the love of God keep your nine to five you know what I'm saying keep keep your job just stay out the way of that industry man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be lying to you g they be lying to y'all man that brother ain't lie at all like imagine how humbling that got to be like you sitting there giving yourself a pep talk in the mirror right before you create your account like girl you are a que you have a gem you ought a prize and the prize is between your legs these brothers going to pay then you list your body to be seen for $4.99 same price as a Big Mac you go ahead and post up your body you put it up there and you just assume this is the moment that we getting out the hood you walk away from your phone you come back and you have two likes Knowing damn well you got 5,000 to 10,000 followers imagine that that got to be a different level of humbleness that you Humble Pie that you got to bite cuz for you to tell yourself that you're the prize and people are more willing to buy Big Macs than they are to see you booty but bone boneless naked you know what I mean that's sad that's sad you're putting all your goodies out there and they still don't want to see that what does that now say about you I I just want to know after you fa what does that say about you see this is the thing a lot of us talk about the only fans models that are making $100,000 a million dollars in a month you know crazy stuff but what happened to all the other Millions that's trying to you know reach the top that they just putting their body out there exploiting their s and they not getting nowhere they still working at Dollar General trying to make ends meet meanwhile the manager and the other employees in the backro like have you seen Brenda she got her leg up to night the leg was up that's what I want to know where where they at where the failed stories at yo what happened to all them girls that started only fans in like 20120 and 2021 are y'all still trying cuz like a lot of y'all failed I don't know I just remember so many girls from my high school starting only fans like as soon as they turned 18 and graduated and it's like they didn't even give life a chance they just straight to only fans and it don't seem like any of them are millionaires now so I think it's safe to say that this was a common occurrence that happened with a lot of people in a lot of different schools so I'm just thinking like do y'all just have like regular 9 to FES now and just try to forget about the whole only fans thing and act like it didn't happen or does it haunt you that there was a time in your life where people could literally pay $5 a month and have like access to like everything about you for those of you that did make it though when you making big money now props to you but for the ones that ain't make it what's what's life like now cuz now it feels like I don't know it feels like your dignity is gone and it's like you tried to put yourself out there in the world for everybody to get and nobody even wanted it and now you're just like yeah you lost all respect and dignity and you ain't even get no bread for it I don't know it just seems like a really sad place to be especially because they're like the Forex people cuz they did the same thing just with money I love how he brought up the Forex people cuz at one point everybody in Forex swore that you was going to be a millionaire if you joined underneath them and then I would always look at them like but why you not a millionaire why you don't look like you know any millionaires why I got to join and then get more people to join do I got to L tell them that it was just a whole pyramid scheme if you ask me but anyways back to the of failures listen you can fail at a music career like if you're bad at putting words on a beat I mean some people can understand that's a hard thing to do everybody can't be Drake everybody can be Kendrick right but if you fail at putting all your hoes online you never know now after you delete your accounts who got access and and got screenshots of all your hoes now I mean you in the line in the grocery store and The Man Behind you like you know he got a screenshot one of his friends sent it to him from WhatsApp see that's the thing ladies y'all be putting yourself out there on only fans and you think that's the only place you going to be there's so many other places that these videos go one person going to buy it and give it to everybody for free all right that's how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go so while you thinking oh I'll just deactivate my account when I don't want to do it no more now little Turner or little Timmy you know your son he he grows up he's in school now he getting bullied why because Mama's booty is going viral throughout the school and the the worst part about it all is that little Timmy can't even be like at least I'm going home in the Rolls-Royce no he going home in the Toyota Camry now I ain't saying nothing's wrong with a Toyota Camry if you showing all your hoes all right if you showing the arola and some Mo [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what I'm saying you need to at least be riding home and a Jeep Wrangler but are y'all even thinking about your kids I just want to know see y'all so stuck on the success stories but what about the failing stories what about the people that regret starting their only fans you ever you ever you ever listen to their stories probably not so if you haven't heard one here's one right here this why starting the only fans was the worst decision I made in my life did not realize that I was literally selling parts of my soul and the money could have never made it worth it just wish that someone someone would have warned me and told me that I was going to be later experiencing PTSD from the sexual trauma and the experiences that I was subjecting myself to on a daily basis did not know that I would later need to be in trauma counseling it brought me into way darker places than I ever could have imagined and I never want to go back there wish I could go back in time to who I was before I started doing all that stuff and just tell myself that the money is not worth it keep your happiness and that's all I want to tell any girl who's thinking about starting an account I just hope I can save even just one girl from going through the pain and the trauma that I am now going through because I subjected myself to that for the last couple years so imagine having all of that regret or just off of having a only fans and I mean her only fans may have been successful she may have been getting a lot of love some good money all that but imagine having all that regret with just the simple fact you put yourself out there mixed with you put yourself out there for $5 and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't willing to buy like that's a whole different level of regret now where you're like oh you know my the gem I am the prize it's between my legs no you can't say that no more you can't walk around these streets lying to men talking about I'm the PRI no you're not you people wasn't willing to pay $5 for that all right $5 you put it on the market for $5 and ladies you if you ever wondered well why wouldn't fellas want to just buy it for $5 you know they'll take ladies out on a date and you know they'll go through all of these hurdles just to get some ass why they not paying $5 if I create an only fans right you probably asking yourself that maybe not but I'mma answer anyways the reason why is because once a man sees that your value you valued yourself for $20 for $5 for $50 right it's like damn it just cost $5 to see your ass that's it all I got to do is click a couple buttons on my phone and I get to Boom your ass I ain't got to talk to you I ain't got to get to know you I ain't got to take you out a Man Loves a hunt ladies the best thing you can ever do is leave something to the imagination but if the imagination is only being stopped by a $5 pay wall a man loses interest like this ain't in that damn interesting I'mma pay $5 and I'm going just see two butt cheeks standing together you know what I mean so ladies I'm just telling you all right think about all factors before starting this account don't just think oh we going to get out the hood once I put my ass out there because what happens if you fail can you just come back no because ladies you might try to move on you get your husband and your husband now comes across your videos your $499 videos is on Reddit or his homeboy said hey man yeah one of my homeboy sent me this I'm sending it to you cuz you my homeboy ain't this your girl now you sitting there with the I used to do that face you don't want to be that girl that used to do that all right because some things you can't come back from cuz now you're guy he going to be looking at you like damn I looked at you as if you have some substance I looked at you like you had some value now I got to look at you like damn girl you only worth $5 and people weren't willing to buy that cuz why are we both working full-time jobs if you were selling ass what's the most humbling experience you can think of can you imagine starting an only fans and it never takes off a struggling only fans Creator depressing oh my God a struggling only fans Creator would be rough imagine putting your naked body online for the world to see and the world said nah we're good I can assure you sex definitely does sell just not what is coming from you you're supplying zero demand imagine having to delete your only fans account all that salacious content simply because you haven't yet made enough money to cover your phone bill and you've been posting on there for 6 months that would be the same as posting first traps but only getting like 15 likes if you're a first trap Tik tocker and you don't blow after eight posts retire fam hang it up after Post Number Eight if that doesn't pop off hard pivot hard pivot fam if you start either of those things you have to be a success failure is not an option bro Ladi save yourself the embarrassment don't do it to yourself all right become a content creator content creators make a lot of money and they're honest livings and everybody got their own lane there's different niches when it comes to only fans only one thing that sells and that's booty all right booty picks that's what sells on only fans all right so I'm going just tell you if you want to make some money online there's so many ways to do it without putting your body out there love yourself more and don't subject yourself to embarrassment for money because the last thing I'm going to say in this video is once you make that that money right that'll support your life off of your only fans income right you know what you're going to do you're going to increase how much your life cost cuz you're making more money so now you have to keep up with more videos so now what happens if one day you just say to yourself I don't want to do this anymore never let money be the main driver always have morale in front of money in other words you have morals that will not allow you to do certain things cuz if you would do anything for a dollar you do anything for a dollar all right and then you'll always need more dollars so you're going to have to do more and more things breaking down Who You Are by the time it's all over you're going to look in the mirror and be like yo who have I become cuz all you've been doing is chasing money and now you're just a huge embarrassment to yourself and to your family especially if you fail but anyways man it's been your boy Tod Boogie roll to 9,000 followers I'm finally done renovating my building it's all rented out for Airbnb now so I'll have more time to make more videos I appreciate everybody that's been subscribing I see yall really like that haircut video now I mean that I think that video is my biggest video right now so shout out to y'all and shout out to all the new people but I'm I'm a real consistent conent Creator now I mean I just ain't been able to post as often as I want cuz I've been renovating one of my buildings but anyways it's been your boy to Boogie make sure you hit that subscribe button all that good stuff man until next time man I'm out of here

  Top Comments:
  1. @HannahVreeland-v3r [1 likes]: It’s insane I’ve been on cover of playboy hustler and many large breast magazines and onlyfans is rigged exposure like all social media….all about advertising so if you don’t know how to do that or pay managers your page doesn’t get seen much
  2. @masonmademusic [1 likes]: a failed  RAP CAREER can never be the same as failed  only fans !!! rapping takes skill and talent  and your kids are not going to be ashamed
  3. @ninjaswordtothehead: Even if non knows now, they'll spend the rest of their lives with that constant fear of it being found out one day. The Internet is forever.
  4. @silversalo8143: OF is for losers.
  5. @Nitrospeedpower95: And not using money on proper investments but million dollars home makes up outfits. Now trying to keep up with the fast life style. Smdfh
  6. @chris_7256: I'm pretty sure that a person can really just google the girl and see all their stuff for free. Not having to pay or subscribe or whatever.
  7. @jamessandi4282: Paying for OF something is mentally wrong with you. All of it is free why do dudes pay for that
  8. @cireepresley6334: I want to say this carefully so you're saying you didn't know that it was going to cause you trauma subjecting yourselves to the sexual whim of strangers...... Ohhhh k
  9. @RashadSims-bh3zz: Ironically enough there was a video on social media were a chick said she had to delete her onlyfans account because people in her kids school found out about it and were teasing the hell out of them its like seriously u really shocked this is the digital era who in the hell doesn't have a smartphone or laptop or tablet u can easily look up certain things
  10. @mosesoftheblock2311: "Keep your 9 to 5."  Do you not pay attention to the state of the economy?
  11. @williamcallahan8772: A Big Mac cost more than that
  12. @James-b1j5n: Payless Shoe Store started the BOGO,
Buy one. Get one of equal or lesser value for free
  13. @sigmalpha9790: Can we stop pretending men love a “hunt” No bro. Not a hunt for women. Maybe a hunt for something that gives you a certificate or a trophy but a girl bro??? If she making you work then you’re disposable to her. GET IT OR GET OUT
  14. @Sqweegi: If you think about it. What did they fail at? Getting traction? Dont take nothing to post nudes dont even have to smash anybody. Whats crazy is how much money is in the industry simps keep the world spinning.
  15. @BustedFlush-u3t: What????
  16. @DisabledDoll: 5:03 I made more money for just cosplay photos on onlyfans than most girls make for actual porn😬😬😬😬
  17. @WatchingWithCoffee3: BIBLICAL TIMES WE LIVE IN.
  18. @beastiez: OF is a pyramid scheme. I thought everyone knew that they get their money from recruiting other women
  19. @dominicscott8984: Yo I was cryin laughin through this whole thing 😂
  20. @TheBladd: 9:23

And thats for a month. Its not Pay Per View. Its unlimited views for a whole month...5 dollars hell even 100 dollars is dirt cheap. 

Thats going to be tough to resale for something as expensive as a relationship let alone a marriage. You gonna have to package it with some more shit...to bring more to the table if you will. 😅😅😂

- onlyfans and empathy: Kind: captions Language: en hi you should care about what happens to other people i figured i wouldn't waste any time on that one that's the point of this video that's all you need the boring textbook definition of empathy is the action of understanding being aware of being sensitive to and vicariously experiencing the feelings blah blah blah you shouldn't need a dictionary to tell you that caring for others is the right thing to do you don't have to love every single person out there but showing them a basic level of understanding and respect is a very easy and honorable thing to do all right now let's talk about only fans [Music] hello everyone welcome back to my commentary channel and thank you for joining me here today you've probably heard the news by now the only fans platform is dead not fully but basically i'll walk you through it what's happening with only fans a while back there was a rumor that only fans the paid extra content site known for being a safe space for adult entertainment would start policing that adult content and getting rid of anything it deemed too graphic when people first heard this rumor they understandably said that's stupid why would only fans get rid of the content it's known for they would never do that but hey life doesn't make any sense and that's exactly what happened a few days ago the internet exploded with articles about how only fans would be cracking down on anything on its site related to corn not real corn but it rhymes with something that i can't say on youtube so corn videos corn stars ethical corn you know what i'm saying anyway the news broke and everybody started talking about this the creators were all denouncing this change people were spreading resources other similar apps started advertising and everyone was demanding the only fans company explain themselves the boring basics behind their decision was to appease their banking partners by getting rid of the extreme content on the site personally i'm an outsider here i don't have any stakes in the only fans game i didn't make content on there and i also didn't pay for any content on there so i'm about as removed as i could be from the situation however it doesn't take involvement for me to understand that what the site is doing to its workers is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up onlyfans was the safest option for a lot of people to conduct this style of work without putting themselves in danger and there is nothing wrong with choosing to sell your body this way it's complete autonomy over yourself and you are the only person who can make that decision i have absolutely nothing bad to say about anybody who chooses to pursue that trade now that only fans is gone that world is going to be a lot more dangerous for these creators and there's more chances for people to leave real damage on them without the service only fans offered there's a lot of good videos on youtube explaining this thing better than i ever could especially since again i'm not super relevant in this story instead i want to talk about the part of this story that i can relate to being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] online a lot of people specifically men are being extremely shitty to the women who worked on only fans i want to talk about a very large portion of the internet's reaction to this news the people making memes laughing at the entertainer's misfortune and seeing this ban as a victory on quote thoughts on every post where an entertainer in this industry is talking about how this change is going to affect them you will see a mudslide of comments where men are making painfully unfunny jokes about their situation for example the influencer karina koff tweeted the problem with only fans is the only people being affected are sex workers and not only are they affected but being directly attacked while i won't be affected shame on only fans for the direction they're going now i'm not a fan of karina she's a david dobrik apologist and is one of those celebrities who joined only fans to only post mild photos of themselves and make money quick but she's making a good point here and her position is relevant to this situation so it's a good thing that she's speaking up on this but apparently it's comedy hour because here come the comedians in the comments only fans girls in one month job only fans girls in a few weeks now you can finally get a real job move to the hub or no longer a fan good luck at your new job yeah just i don't know what to say about that another real classy tweet we saw comes from faze sway the fortnight streamer saying only fans is removing porn from their site meaning that you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are gonna have to get a real job now which just comes off as like immaturely aggressive i hate this tweet thankfully the comments on that tweet roasted the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him but he got a lot of his young audience to agree with him if you search only fans ban on youtube you'll see mountains of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] content making fun of these women as if they aren't real people using their profession as an excuse to be try-hard edgy comedians desperate for the approval of other shitty men the very few men who speak on this issue in their videos are called simps in the comments by these accounts and the women who speak out are just included into the attack and the whole thing is just disturbing on so many accounts additionally the youtube news channel optimus made a video talking about this story and his very young fan base is operating just as expected in the comments when onlyfan stops subway will be hiring kevin samuels who uh oh looks like karen is gonna have to be a mom for once only fans maybe these girls need the streets bans content on site life update patch note adjusted recruit difficulty for females now they will actually have to play the game for real this time we did it clap clap no more only fans very considerate and human behavior being shown in these comments thank you here's a token of my appreciation and save room for dessert only fans creators are being put in real danger of not being able to support themselves and resorting to a different version of their business which will put them in harm's way it's not like they're going to do what these nerds say and go get a job at burger king because that's not how this works this is more complicated than that if fortnite were to shut down its servers tonight would faze sway go apply for a job at in-n-out no he'd look for a different game to stream if his skill and passion is in video games he's going to adapt to the change but stay in the field of his work and it's the same for these adult content creators here's a tweet from someone talking about the ban the amount of people mocking the workers who will lose their livelihoods due to only fans banning explicit content is disgusting i can't imagine being such a callous human being and thinking that's cool and then they go on to say so many people are telling me to go get a real job or assuming i'm an affected creator because i'm a woman i'm a community director at a tech company i'm not a worker i never have been i just have empathy for other human beings you should try it the hostility towards adult entertainers has always been baseless and needless and unnecessary but to see it happen in full swing in a moment where their lives are affected by this huge change done in their industry is disgusting additionally to no one's surprise if you go to the accounts making these jokes and go to their public likes folder it's all corn so they're consuming adult content but also demeaning and attacking the performers within that content great makes a ton of sense guys great work go home early so we've identified our problem people are needlessly mocking adult entertainers whose jobs are now threatened now how do we solve it children like face sway have always been talking down to these adult entertainers specifically the women so unfortunately this is nothing too new it's really just heightened due to the recent current events going on about the situation this has been happening since forever basically back when this video started a million years ago i spoke about empathy one of the more interesting things about empathy is that while it can be inherent and be around since development it can also be taught the issue is how do we teach empathy essentially human decency to someone through the internet let alone a famous creator who doesn't seem receptive to constructive criticism i have friends who produce only fans content who are scared about how this change is going to affect their livelihood i've listened to them venting their frustrations and as someone who is not directly involved with this situation that is what helped me understand what the perspective of someone in this situation is going through if youtube started removing videos involved in the commentary genre tomorrow i'd be panicking too and i would be hopeful that the people around me would be receptive and understanding to me while i was freaking out about that it's the same with these only fans models they deserve empathy understanding and basic human decency what they do not deserve is weasels in their comments section making jokes about fast food also why are we suddenly using fast food jobs as an insult that's also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disgusting so we can't exactly teach empathy through twitter big surprise i understood this story more by listening to the people who it was directly affecting but you can't convince someone to listen to someone else and you especially can't force people to listen to others so we're out of luck in that regard so what's the answer do we all just have to shoulder the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from these comment sections and just hope that these individual people will someday develop the empathy required to care about what happens to people they don't know i'm legitimately asking is that what we have to do while i don't know the direct answer there is some good news a lot of onlyfan's creators are finding similar paid apps and websites to use to promote to their audiences and they can adjust and continue to do what they do nobody is going to mcdonald's over this and also thankfully these jokes at the model's expense just exposed those accounts for being petty and sad even the other people making the mcdonald's jokes aren't liking these tweets enough to compete with the ones that are being made about them hi update only fans changed their mind they said they're not going to go forward with this ban and that we all should forget it ever happened i have no idea what their current plans are they said they're going to suspend the plan to change but that doesn't mean they're not going to do it in the future i don't know what this means i don't know what's going to come from it but i just i hope we're all still careful about that and we don't just blindly start trusting this company again because i think they've shown us that they don't exactly have everyone's best interest at heart who knows this is an important part of the story i just thought i'd update you for full transparency that's all bye have a good month why did you say month have a good day also this whole story happened about a week ago and as we all know the internet moves fast like i'm late to this barely anyone is still talking about this all it took was a spider-man trailer and suddenly all these commenters forgot about only fans and have started complaining about zendaya being in it or whatever niche things they hate so in the end while this was an upsetting story for many reasons thankfully a lot of the hate has died down and these creators are finding alternatives to continue their work so overall it's not a bad conclusion and on a personal note i do hope that this is the last drama story i have to cover about the corn industry i feel so stupid talking about corn videos and corn stars it's humiliating i sound like a damn farmer thank you all for watching my video and of course thank you to all the kind people who donate to my patreon i have charged my crystals and manifested a good week for all of you so expect that soon take care of yourselves you deserve it thank you and if you want your name tattooed on my video forever the link to my patreon will be in my description i'll leave some more videos for you on screen as well as my social medias if you want to see me post a picture tweet a tweet up to you thank you for liking this video and subscribing if you haven't already i really appreciate all of your support more fun videos soon but until then take care of yourselves i love you lots and goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KuncanDastner [1200 likes]: BE NICE TO OTHERS. also BE NICE TO YOURSELVES. just be nice okay
  2. @Rose-hh7mk [2 likes]: "Get a real job" says the Minecraft streamer
  3. @by_Leo037 [2 likes]: I tend to lean on the side of, I think we need to have more self dignity. I think the culture of saying that it's respectable go sell yourself should stop. All its doing is teaching young girls to lower their self worth and objectify themselves. I don't understand how porn has become something that's ok, when it objectives women, and it also leads to severe mental illnesses to those forced into it, or those trying to escape it.
  4. @Luka_wow [1 likes]: Did you know they did studies to see if money really made people evil and the conclusion they came to was that no money in and of itself isn't the problem it's the power that comes with money and for some reason it causes the part of your brain responsible for empathy to basically atrophy and stop working. I am telling everybody that I can about this because I feel like this should be common knowledge we should know this as a species and we should also be working towards a solution for it
  5. @PolygonDonut: 5:54 THE WAY YOU DROPPED YOUR PHONE HAD MY DYING LMAO
  6. @rei4556: these subhumans don't deserve empathy
  7. @SteMegManzaroli: We have to move to decentralized platforms, it’s the only solution that works in the long term
  8. @everett_io: I feel very normal watching your videos. Things on YouTube sometimes get really muddied by a bunch of high octane and aggressive stuff in the forefront. It’s really cathartic to binge your channel while i fish in acnh lol
  9. @holidayin7962: You teach empathy by showing it to the people who don’t know how to show it themselves. Flipping them off is the hateful language they are used to.
  10. @MrZorx: I think to some extent there is something wrong with being an OnlyFans creator, in my opinion at least. It seems like you’re basically objectifying yourself and in the process encouraging others to objectify women and get people addicted to porn.  However, unethical should not mean illegal, I think people should have that freedom to do this if they wish.
  11. @eslem.4: I dont understand why people talk bad avout fast food endustry i am from third world country and my biggest dream is working on burger king on canada and studying at uni
  12. @MasterRemnVA: This is kind of of like "GET OFF YOUTUBE AND GET A REAL JOB"
  13. @ultrasour7007: Omg, erik!
  14. @nekoprankster2184: Honestly, when you really think about it, consumers of the content now mocking the performers makes sense when you remember that to much of the audience, these performers aren't people. They're things. Play-things. I bet to some, the act of mocking the downfall of OnlyFans and the performers losing their jobs is just an extension of sado-maschositic play to them.
  15. @ThatsSoRaechel: I think you meant “of cornse”
  16. @SH0T000_0: You nailed this one, Kuncan. You freakin nailed it.
  17. @murieloduro1274: Omg! What did these corn workers do before only fans?
  18. @elitecarbonninja4429: My disgust is palpable. Maybe it because I’m a normal person but I genuinely cannot wrap my head around this kind of behavior. There’s just nothing to gain. Getting happiness out of others misfortune is not normal behavior and sorta reminiscent of murder. Not as severe but the fact that that connection is even possible to make is disturbing.
  19. @aidenhoogstra8636: First 5 seconds and I’m unsubscribing. Tell me what to do. I’ll… why I’ll… stay unsubbed. This is a-MERR-ih-KUH
  20. @orioncruz223: We need “save room for desert” merch

- OnlyFans Controversy: Trace Cyrus' Comments Ignite Heated Discussions: Kind: captions Language: en Miley Cyrus brother Trey Cyrus Sparks controversy with only fans comments Trace Cyrus the older brother of Pop sensation Miley Cyrus recently ignited a social media Firestorm with his candid remarks on the topic of women who have only fans accounts his series of tweets on the subject sparked intense discussions about personal choices relationships and societal attitudes towards sex work and autonomy the controversial Tweets in a series of tweets Trace Cyrus expressed his opinions about women who use the platform only fans where creators share content with subscribers for a fee he suggested that women who engage in such online work May struggle to establish fulfilling relationships with good guys with morals Cyrus also indicated that men who subscribe to only fans are often labeled as desperate losers and that they may not consider these women as potential partners for serious relationships or family building backlash and criticism Cyrus comments were met with Swift and fierce backlash from various corners of the internet critics accused him of slut-shaming perpetuating harmful stereotypes and undermining women's agency and autonomy over their own bodies and choices many responders emphasized that individuals can engage in sex work while maintaining successful personal lives relationships and Families Farah Abraham's response reality TV personality Farah Abraham who herself has an only fans account entered the discussion with a counter-argument she pointed out that both men and women who have only fans accounts can balance their online work with fulfilling personal lives Abraham highlighted the importance of branding and maintaining a balanced lifestyle countering the notion that engaging in online content creation precludes the possibility of having a flourishing personal life Trace Cyrus retort in response to Abraham's remarks Trey Cyrus made a sarcastic comment suggesting that his views had been defeated by her response however he remained steadfast in his initial stance and continued to defend his perspective he reiterated his belief that the independent mindset of not needing a partner can be toxic and challenge the idea that only fans content creators are equated with future partners and spouses continuing conversations Cyrus continued to engage with various responses and criticisms on social media extending the conversation even further he expanded his Focus to include the physical appearance of individuals on only fans fueling the ongoing debate larger context Trace Cyrus controversial statements come at a time when conversations around sex work digital autonomy and personal choices are becoming increasingly prevalent the incident also underscores the challenges of discussing sensitive topics on social media where nuanced discussions can be easily overshadowed by strong opinions and passionate reactions the controversy surrounding Trace Cyrus comments serves as a reminder that navigating complex conversations about societal attitudes requires thoughtful consideration open-mindedness and a willingness to engage in respectful dialogue thank you for watching if you enjoyed the content don't forget to click the Subscribe button for more your support is greatly appreciated

- ONLYFANS CREATOR and Ex Stripper CRIES AND Regrets Her PAST LIFE!: Kind: captions Language: en you support Jonah Hill you do not support women okay because Jonah Hill is misogynistic according to his ex-girlfriend she's exposing a bunch of text messages trying he tried to control her and stuff like this you know what I even looked at the text messages let's read them together this is only one of the text messages the evil Jonah Hill was texting his ex-girlfriend plain and simple if you need here's my list in listings that I can't deal with if you want to be in a relationship with me they go as surfing with men boundaries inappropriate friendship with men to model to post pictures of yourself in a bathing suit to post sexual pictures and pretty much that a whole list of stuff don't post no sexy stuff in this set I am not the right partner for you if these things bring you to a place of happiness I support it and then hold on you sound like do you the problem [Music] so a man he set his own boundaries and he's misogynistic he'll pretty much said hey these things make me feel uncomfortable I understand if they make you happy and maybe we should just be separate and she went on the internet he's a misogynist I hope you have a daughter one day Jonah Hill because I hope she's a truth and it's like what are you talking about just break up ain't nothing wrong with this dead relationship you gotta love it you just gotta love it meet giving my girlfriend boundaries and telling her hey these are the things I don't like you to do if you're going to be my girlfriend that is considered controlling that is considered me being misogynistic isn't that insane everything in that list that Jonah Hill hold his girlfriend hey don't do these things those are normal things there was nothing crazy but they want to refine they want to redefine misogynistic they want to redefine what controlling is so basically if you set boundaries as a Mac if you set certain rules that someone has to follow to be in your life you are seen as misogynistic you are seen as controlling that is the narrative insane guys it is normal to set boundaries it is almost a set rules for your girl if she wants to be part of your life if she wants to be single then she can be single here's the thing she doesn't have to follow those boundaries she doesn't have to abide by those boundaries she doesn't have to I put those rules that's fine but she also if she doesn't apply better rule then she's single it's really simple it is normal to set boundaries it is normal to have rules for people that you want to deal with I don't know one of the saddest realizations I recently had it's really hard to find a man who's willing to play the more traditional masculine role in the relationship in today's day and age who is not a conservative a man who wants to pay on the first state who wants to open your door who has that want and desire to take care of you and to provide who was not a conservative and obviously as a liberal woman I do want to be respected from Independence and I do want to have my own autonomy in the relationship and not be confined or conform to the traditional female Homemaker child bearing role I'm the man that I've dated who do have that more natural provider masculinity about them are normally conservative so I don't really know what to do because I don't want to compromise my morals and values just to find a man but am I asking how my cake you need it too you know this is why men now are going abroad trying to find traditional wives trying to find women that are happy following their gender roles because here in the west there are women like this that they want the man to adhere to his gender roles as a man provide protect but they don't want to adhere to their gender roles as in childbearing being being a loving dutiful wife that follows the leadership of her husband insane so I need to provide and I need to protect I need to keep my duties as a man I need to follow my gender roles but you as a woman you should not follow your gender roles that is insane I cannot accept that women like this are going to remain single women like this are if you ever wonder how cat lady start this is a prime example of how they suck guys when you see women like this that that just hate adhering to their gender roles run the other way I did only dance and I am ashamed at the Behavior I've done because I am now 28 years old I'm ex 28 years Young on this Earth and I can say that I'm ashamed because because of a lot of different reasons I can sit here and I can talk to women and explain to younger girls coming up and things I thought it was cool I thought this is what I wanted to do I thought this is how I wanted to live but all these females that you guys look up to in the industry that the media pushes you they're all miserable they have no peace they cry every night they are not happy with themselves they hate themselves so much so they get surgeries and they try to fit themselves to being something they're not and they're never going to fulfill it because it is I have joy I have things I don't have the things that I used to have and I have the things I I have things that I never used to have but I lost everything I used to have so the money the fame the popularity the friends I lost it all but I gain happiness I gain peace bro I I gained Joy I gained a purpose like I found like I'm gonna start crying but I don't want to cry but I'm just saying like all right I'm just saying like um I know it's real because I know it's real because I know what I've been through and I know that when I when I gave it up to the to the world it might seem like oh you fell off oh you know what I'm saying uh these are happy tears by the way it's just like it makes me like emotional though when I talk about it but um it's just like I don't know it's just what I've been through like y'all don't understand what I've been through what I've been through like to be to say that I have happiness to say that I have a peace of mind giving everything I've been through and I don't even know everything I've been through I just don't even know like y'all you know 25 of what I've been doing it was a lot to sit here and say that I'm happy like I'm I'm happy like I don't I don't have to go out I don't have to be in fake people's faces like I don't I'm happy and have peace bro and it's like there's certain things I don't have and that I would have had if I didn't live a certain way but at the same time um it's almost high timing I'm I'm pretty confident and everything is going to happen in my life um but I wouldn't go back I just wouldn't go back like you're just not something I go back and I just you know I wish like I could say it's like I wish that I listened earlier it would have saved um a lot of Trauma from my son you know um I just feel like sometimes um your kids will pay for your behavior um you know you might be doing something and your kid will suffer you know what I'm saying so that's that's never something I ever wanted to happen I try to keep my son away from my lifestyle and things that I did but um unfortunately my son my son was um he took a lot um because of my choices so I you know I wish I learned earlier I know now so it is what it is foreign I could say that if I didn't go through what I went through I would never be here I don't know where I'd be all right if I took a deal I wouldn't be happy if I took a record deal I probably would have been in the contract and I would have been gone I feel like I didn't feel like Satan tried to take my soul and there's many ways that he tried to do it and um he was unsuccessful and for that it's all pretty similar's high because I don't know what I would have been I don't know where I would have been at if it wasn't for everything I've been through I'm not happy about what I went through you know she is not saying anything that we don't already know literally we I mean once you see an of model extrapper you already know she's saying it they're sad miserable we know this they keep telling these women hey you know what you're not going to be fulfilled you're not going to be happy with these decisions but you know what there's another side of the media telling them oh no you need to be boss babes you need to be uh hot girl summer you need to live your best life you need to live in your truth it's crazy being a 304 is living in your truth isn't that insane that is your truth as a human being you were put on this Earth to be a three or four and that is your truth insane and now she's 28 single mother and then she realized the decision that she made is messing her up and is messing and messing with her kids with her son's life that he has to deal with that same thing we know this so that's why I don't I don't personally feel sorry for people like this you rip what you sow it is what it is you rip what you sow he is crying now because she's 28 she knows that the curtain is coming down on her life she's hit the wall and now she's trying to reform her life to find that cleanup guy that is going to give her that happy ever after guys listen to me when you come across women like this they are purely for recreational use only you do not wife up a girl like this for long term I don't care if she's reformed I don't care if she's accepting Jesus into her life we do not care you've made your mistake that's fine we all make mistakes but I and you sir don't have to pay for those mistakes guys that is the video for today if you haven't already guys go ahead hit that subscribe button turn on post notifications so you don't miss any of my future videos guys don't forget to hit this video with a like I'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichealWallnack [2 likes]: smh they regret it after they hit the wall

- Banned From A Dating App? | Pranit More | Stand-up Comedy | Crowd Work Special: Kind: captions Language: en Dating dude, do any of you use it ? Why does he use it? Do you have any story? It is banned. I am on the island right now. You have just arrived on the island. Yes, yes, show me, show me your oil, I will be able to see it in it. I open it and see. Money is the theme of this show. Ok. If you give a very good answer then I have brought the money. I am fine. [Music] Have any of you ever lost money to such online fraud ? Yours are gone. Looking at you, it doesn't seem like I fell for your online fraud. You will do this. You did not have this money. So I searched online, which app is it ? Will you give me the money urgently? There was an app. Yes. By bullying. Then he sent me my photos. There were your nude photos. Story looking for some that's what I am saying, it was written as a lie. Hey, what the hell, [ __ ] brother [music] Come on, everybody, clap for the next one. Okay brother, you were just waiting, have you come for the shoot, you guys look absolutely like Chhapri, to me I said Chhapri less brother, if someone is feeling bad, Chapri people may feel no, I am joking brother, okay okay, no I was not joking, and is there anyone else, are you guys from lower class and you guys said Govandi Govandi, he felt bad and said our class is Sanpada. Ok? Ok. Ok. awesome awesome. Everyone is comfortable. Can everyone hear it? Hey, you guys have come here before too, right ? No. You have come for the first time and you all sat right at the back. Can you hear it? Properly? Right right. Everyone can hear it, right? Well. Hey, you guys look like kids, brother. And how do you look with that hair, brother? What are you laughing at? It's the same for you too, brother. He is laughing brother. Okay, okay. Brother, you don't believe that lower par is in South Bomb. Are you sure you guys live in Lower Barrel? Actually we are from Alibaug. I am living here on rent on the lower floor. So you guys are from Alibaug and living here on rent. Well, I have just come here to study. She is reading this. I am working. Okay, you job, hey you look small? The show is over for one hour. Oh no no no. Hey hey, take it easy brother. One minute. It's a crowd work show, meaning I'll talk, brother. They started fighting among themselves. Hey Alibag, come out, nice, nice. Okay okay. Let's be right everyone. Brother, you guys seem a bit rich to me. No, where do you guys live? Borivali. Borivali is fine. Did you guys suddenly get into some discussion? Did you guys remember anything ? No. Right right. Ok. Dating dude, do any of you use it? No. No. nobody. Brother, do you use it? Do you have any story? I have banned it. Did you get banned? Here. Hey, are you kidding? Scene from Pakistan. I have a Pakistani ID. No no, the scene is over. Hey wait wait. Talk brother, I will give you the mike, then talk. Okay, okay. Let's start crowd work. It's going right. Okay, okay. So look, you guys, it has come just at the time of rain. Ok? So this show is a crowd work show and its theme is money is the theme of this show. Ok? So your questions will also be around some money and plus if you give a very good answer then I have brought money, okay then I will give you the money, okay do I look like Nirmala Sitharaman, is there any cardboard in between, okay brother give her the mic, okay then we will start it, okay if I am asking any question and you feel that you have any story about it, any answer, then raise your hands. I will talk to you. If I like your answer then I will ask the whole public. If they agree then I will give you ₹500. I can return the correct answer as many times as you give it. Ok? So you can win more too. Ok? I can see your dreams in my eyes. They are saying, where will the new one come from ? You guys can shift from Lower Parel. Hey brother, the toilet will be inside the house. No, that is not Lower Barrel, that is different, that is Charkop. Hello brother, what is your name Omkar, Omkar, tell me yourself, you guys have come home drunk, your video is being made brother, our team is sitting there, I am saying no, still I will do it on my phone, yes Omkar, what happened on the dating app, which dating app was it, this Tinder, Tinder blocked you, I banned it on Tinder, Tinder banned me, it is Tinder, basically such a scene happened, I had taken a membership of Tinder and after that, how much was it? Yes, it was of 699 something and after that I got likes, yes around 1520 whose photo did you post? I had uploaded my own photo but it was slightly edited. The photo was photo edited. And you wrote Kurla ? No. No. Maine was the same. You wrote BKC ? Wrote Chembur. Took Chembur. Yes, not that high. Okay yes. You wrote Chembur. I had written colony. Chembur Colony, even the face is fake, everything is false. The fake one was mine but it was edited. It was edited. Okay yes. So after that he liked me first. First. When I got drunk, do you know what I did after that, Sean? Messaged him I know you are. So don't give up around me and do n't message me. He messaged me saying hi how are you and all. So you said don't what? Don't message me and don't give up I'm straight. I sent such a message and after that I got a tender message that brother the tender has been cancelled. Why did that guy get angry? Because you were rude or she got angry after reading your English. He reported to me. Basically he reported it to me. He reported it but you did something wrong. But I am simply saying that if I am straight then the topic is over. Then you would have unmatched him. I didn't even match. He too, hey he too, brother tell me the truth. You felt like drinking a little alcohol, right? Ok, good. I can see that photo of yours. Yes. No, I can't see. Because oh yes good point. Good point. Very good, very good. And whoever has used the tender. The Bhai Bhai's point is correct. Ok? A match happens only when both of you swipe. No. No. If you take the premiere, you have the option to message or comment on it. Yes yes one minute 1 minute. Know that the people behind him are like this, this man is lying. Because I am on the island right now. You have just arrived on the island. There and there I have not yet taken a membership. Did not take membership. I am saying, I did not take membership. I can see that photo of yours. You can see it on the island because I can't see it on Tinder. The same photo of yours is there on the island. If you still see it on Tinder, I am blocked. I am here right now. Okay, okay, I won't work so hard. Wait, wait, wait, does that F come out friend? [Praise] Do you think this is a one room kitchen? Are you dropping utensils again and again at your house? Brother, half of your legs will keep sleeping in the kitchen. Yes, show me your oil, show me, I will be able to see it in it. I open it and see. No gallery, no, just see whatever has happened, plus one? Show me brother. It's loading. It's loading. There is 5G but it does not load. Yes, it's done, it's done. Who spoke behind? Bring it back now finally. Thobad Ghaned is Thobad. The people behind are saying that he is a big fool. Ours is good. Read this ice breaker. Yes, okay. I think the whole world should be my fan. Crazy about beauties. I think the whole world of beauties should be my crazy one. Crazy. You wrote this as an ice breaker. Looking for my story. Looking for some fun. And Might Be Why can't I read it completely ? Yes, it has come, it has come. Some fun and might be we can end up in a long lasting relationship. He was not getting likes for this. What? If he did n't get likes, he was Manoj. Okay, okay, I was not liking it. It was short term. Well, I mean you want it, you want it casually. Well then why are you writing lies brother? Why are you misleading the girls? I had written that. That's why that happened to you. O Interest Sports Shopping Gaming Travel is from Korla. Ok. The rest is fine, yes. This is it, I saw the profile. Why are your matches not visible in this brother? I haven't taken membership yet. What are those love stories and did not take membership. Well, can't you see me? No. I will give you a match. Girl from Alibaug. I myself am from Alibaug. [Applause] But brother, you know the house is very small. The bigger one is in Alibag. Is there a big one in Alibag? Hey, do I look like a pimp to you? Made me an ile. He is big in Alibaug. So will she take him to Alibaug to sleep? The match is over. The match is over. What is your age? No, I am not interested. Yes, there was a mismatch. There was a mismatch. Don't kick me out. I reached Kurla. The friend sitting next to me said that he also throws bamboo sticks with his mouth. But how do you know that I kissed you, I kissed you. Hey, you guys have a different zone going on, brother. Yours in Kurla, we are talking about Kurla. Okay okay. Well, the story was good, wasn't it? Give him the money. What do you think? Give it to me. Okay, let's get right to it. Take this brother. Come, give it to him. Hey, don't you guys touch other people's money Okay, okay. Correct. That's ok. So right now I will leave the next question open ended. If you guys can answer then it is fine. Otherwise I will catch someone. Right right. Ok. Have any of you ever lost your money in such online fraud? Have you gone? You are gone. Hey brother, it's mine. You got yours, right? See you back later. Yes, give it to him brother. Yes. Brother, looking at you it doesn't seem like you have fallen prey to online fraud. You will do this. There is also a crew. Let's come. Let's come. They come to you too. Ok. Ok. Yes, listen brother. Yes. Put the mic here. Whoever is talking has to keep the mic here. Ok. Yes. Hello, brother. What is the name? Rohit. Rohit. Yes. What happened? The captaincy was given to someone else. [Appreciation] I was scammed online. Got a message from the owner. Captaincy is yours. Then I gave it to a Gujarati guy. It's just that my payment was late. Yes, yes. No no what? My payment got delayed, that is, my salary. So I needed this payment to pay the EMI. Mike, put the mike here for a minute. Yes. Yes, tell me. My payment was late so I wanted the payment. I called these people. All of them are hungry and naked. They don't have money. That is visible. So then I just checked online. Yes, yes. You don't have money for all this. So I searched online, which app is it, will you give me money urgently? So I had an app in it. Yes. I got Bulli by doing Bulli, then I did not understand the name of Bulli app also, I told him that these people will keep giving it, was it through Bulli loan, yes it was through that, so I applied, I was told that I will get Rs 5000, so I applied the app, then I got only Rs 650. How many loans did you apply for? I asked for a loan 10 A wait wait yes. I applied for a loan of Rs 10,000 but they told me the limit was Rs 5,000. So I said 5,000, so 5,000. Is your civil in minus? Not 10,000,000, I was recently employed. That's why when I applied, they told me the limit was Rs 5,000. That entry got verified. What did they put in me? Information Aadhar Card PAN Card Say he said no, yes, I entered Aadhar Card PAN Card, then it got applied and it was in processing, so I did not get the money for two days, then after that ₹650 came, I thought it would come from anywhere, I spent it, where did I spend it, I said like this, I mean for petrol normally, I thought whose money was sent to my account by mistake, so I waited for two days and asked if someone would deduct it, he said no, payment, payment, payment means something will happen, then it did not happen, then after that again I get a call after 10 days, after 10 days I get a call that now I mean you took a loan, I said which loan did I not take, then he told me that you took such and such a loan, so he sent a photo, I said I did not get it, whose photo did you send, I mean loan, loan photo, loan photo, yes brother, it is called a document, document, so he sent it, so I said I did not apply, I said I will not pay, then they sent me photos, which of mine, were your nude photos, just face editing, hey listen, what are you guys doing Wait a minute friend, I will send you your AI generated nude photos, not nude, just with a different face. The face was yours but the body was someone else's. Butts were good. No, no, not the judge. So then I made arrangements from here itself and cleared the loan by paying it. It would be good if your nude photos don't go viral. So you paid off that loan of Rs 10,000. 5,000 paid. Paid Rs 5,000. Brother, show me that photo. Not there. No, it is not. Brother, one minute, I will give him Rs 500. Listen, we will not show it to anyone. No no, there is no photo, it is very less, it has been a long time. There is no photo. Deleted everything. These people, no, no, honestly delete everything. One minute, one minute, one, one minute, one minute. Listen Listen. Do you have it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He had it. I snatched the phone and deleted it. Hey, these are bastards. Hey wait. Yes yes one minute. You guys saw that photo, it made his mouth water. Brother Praneet, I was tensed and he is laughing saying what kind of photo is this from there. What to say? Give it to him once. Give it to him once. Brother, did you see that photo? Yes. How did this feel? So what did you say? You have got its shape and these beans. Yes, some matches were going on. So after seeing that, I first felt that you enjoyed it, he edited it because he is an editor. He is saying that the friend next to him is an editor. You thought he did it. At first I thought people were trapped. He was doubting us. Hey, then explain it to him. What what, hey brother, but people go to get Muthut to take a loan. Who goes to Bulli? Ok. Ok. He should be given money. Yes yes. It was a good answer, wasn't it? I need 500 for 5000. Look brother, I will give you Rs 1000. I will give you Rs 1000 if you edit it. Hey, listen to me. Listen to me. What he is saying is that the photos were from four years ago and they have been deleted. So he does n't have it. Ok? Edited and ok. One minute 1 minute. 1 minute. Then I will still give you a thousand rupees. If you get naked right now. What should I leave? Ok. Ok. Please clap once for the children. Ok. Now let us talk to some sophisticated people. Ok. Give them some, give it to this prisoner, red head, whatever, they call it red head, right? Hello hello hi. What is your name? Hi Akanksha. Akanksha, with whom have you come? Madhur end show. Who is Madhur? Are you a celebrity? How do we know who Madhur is? Who is your sweetheart? Boyfriend Boy yes then just tell me like this they know at home ok is it right YouTube 50-50 means mom knows who dad is, they will know tomorrow itself what are you guys planning for marriage right now, right, not right now, okay so let's ask hypothetically, okay if Madhur's dad comes to meet you and he says that I will go out of Madhur's life, hey Rani he is my father a little, hey, value a person a little, Madhur is saying that I am cheaper than couples for ₹500, now if she says yes he will say that I will go and drink beer with them, okay okay, no no 500 is too less, if she says it, if her dad says I will give you 1 crore, then go away from Madhur's life. Hey, you sit quietly. Not half-half-half. We will do it half and half. I need the actual answer. He will not give Rs 1 crore. Hey, look, don't call his father poor. He too will leave you. But hypothetical, right? His father has one crore rupees. And he is giving it. So what will you say? I will not take it. I will not give. Oh, I wasn't even paying attention. Yes, I will not take it. You will not take one crore five rupees. It 's a pause brother. You are Madhur's friend, right? I am your friend. Ok. Ok. Because of this pause we understood the answer. So leave it here. Ok. Now I will ask one more question. Ok. How many years have you been dating? Yes, I know, I have been dating since school, since college. Yes, so how will we know since when you were in college? Yes brother, your father will also give him Rs 200. She said, today I will eat chicken magril. Yes, when did you pass out from college? No yes I mean it was three years ago okay okay what is that thing that you think is very good in Madhur, very good have you taken his [praise] Madhur Bhai no okay yes you tell me the one who is asked will answer yes you tell me he is very supportive and protects me a lot. He also protects a lot. Yes. What else? Supportive and protective. He is also protective. How does he protect you? He stands like this in the metro. That's it. By the way, what kills mosquitoes? You tell me. Hey, you say it. Give it to him brother, give him the mike. Yes, talk to him only. You haven't fallen yet, have you? Yes, okay. Ok. I will ask you one last question. If you give a good answer to this, I will give you the money. Correct. Answer one thing very honestly. Ok? One thing that you feel when you look at other boys. No one else will answer. Ok? That this thing should be there in Madhur also. No one will answer. Yes, Andi Mandi Sandi. Only she will answer. Hey hello Bulli app will you not get that photo of 5000, yes you tell me, you tell me, this is not after looking at everyone, this is after looking at the decent boys, she is just now looking at Madhur and saying oh yes height height yes yes height height what do you say I don't want such useless plots in the middle of the show, okay take 500 and get out, okay, okay clap once for this, good, good, okay. Let's do one thing. Ok. Looking at you guys I feel like, look you guys are a little fun, what do you do? I give you the chance. If any of you feel like this, do you have any such story or anecdote? You can tell anyone. Like you did something wrong in school or your girlfriend cheated on you. Is there anyone among you who has cheated yourself? What do you want to tell me? No. Yes. What do you want to tell me? There is a story. Yes. another story. Second meaning? It is a very true story. That's the right story. Okay, okay. OK OK OK. Yes. Listen Listen. Yes. Now let him speak. You don't interrupt. Ok. Hi. Hi brother. What is the name? Meaningful. Meaningful. Ok. Yes. This is not a breakup story. The story is something else. It means breakup only, not my breakup. Of someone else's breakup. Every boy says this. Ok. Yes. No. No. So, we have a friend, well , one of our batchmates from our college. He was getting married. Ok? It was his wedding. Who spoke Hindi? Is he your friend? Do n't you understand English? Okay okay, fine. Yes Hindi yes. Ok. We came to know that he is getting married. Ok. None of us is married so we kept his mic very close to us. Yes. That he is getting married. We beat him a lot. Ok. Well and good no problem. So after that these people got stuck on Bulli only. We were travelling outside. He ditched our plan. He refused saying I will not go. I am getting married. Ok? We were traveling internationally. We have done it. When we were out we came to know that his marriage had broken. Where did you guys go international We went to Milan. Yes. We went to Milan. Well, you guys are rich, right? A little bit. Yes. Now everyone became silent. Milan is speaking. Where are you? They are beaten. Is Sakina's old man good? Milan is saying everything. [laughter] Why do you need to plan for that? What is it? Yes, I went to Milan. Yes. Yes, we all went to Milan. Ok. Ok. His marriage just broke. You guys went there on a trip and came back. His marriage broke down. We came back. We heard his story. The story in this was that when he was about to get married, his would- be wife came to know that he was getting anxious and tensed, so they broke up and after the breakup, the marriage broke. In short, it means he was doing a love marriage, no no, it was an arranged marriage, but the girl got anxious, so he broke the marriage, he got a cold fit, so he broke the marriage. Yes, now after 1 month of that, we were going somewhere together in a bus, okay, that means with that friend, the same friend whose marriage had broken, whose marriage had broken, yes, so we were trying to make him open up a bit, asking what happened brother? Meaning, why did your marriage break? What happened? So he said, brother, this is what it means, it was making up stories. Ok? He was making me why did it break? He will not tell the real reason. Hmm. Ok? So we understood that there is no problem. So what did we do secretly? We took his prisoner's number from his phone. Ok? With whom so many dear friends. He said he is not telling the truth. What else can you do if you are in trauma? Just ask the prisoner. Very nice. Yes. We had taken his prisoner's number from his phone. When did you take it? A week ago at his bachelor party. When he made a video call, we saw the number on the video call. So we took the number again and kept it. I thought you guys should work in Bully app. Ok. You guys took the number. Took the number and kept it. I thought I would use the number at some appropriate time. Took the number. Now we are sitting in the bus. We created a little suspense that brother, do you think that I have so many connections that I will be able to get that girl's number? So he said, are you mad? I mean, we did n't even know his name. Ok? He said his name is I said I will get the number. He said, brother, you will not be able to take it out. I gave myself 1 hour. Ok. We took an hour and pretended to make some phone calls. The number was already there. Ok. Then he came to him after an hour. I just understood this. Hey, how did you find out the number? That time of the bachelor party. Ok. Hey Alibag, she is saying please give me the number of any broker. The house is getting a bit expensive for Yes. So after that I went to him after an hour. We all were sitting together in the bus. I said brother, please check this number once. I told him the number. He heard the number and it was his. That means he got shot. Yes. That's correct. He said it was torn. The person behind is saying, brother, don't say this, the shot is done, say this phrase will sound a little better in this Hindi Hindi brother, wow wow wow, so Javed Akhtar and Gulzar are sitting side by side, yes then what did he say, he got hit, yes nothing, he got hit, now he kept asking me, brother, where did you get the number from? I said brother I am connected, I spent some money, got the number, meeting, everything is fine, it is not a big deal, so this conversation continued between us but from inside he was not satisfied that right now brother, is she just your friend or has she slept with your girl, has something like this happened, you are venting out all your anger brother, don't shoot it, we are doing it, yes yes continue, now I had the girl's number, so I sat and drank alcohol in my free time, okay. We video called him. Ok? What Else Could We Do? We video called him but he did not pick up. I made a video call at 1:00 am, he did not pick up once or twice, but he picked up the third time. Then we deleted our two video calls above and showed it to our friend, so your girl makes video calls. Brother, take 500, but never be seen around me. I have never seen so many people, brother. Okay, there is something else in it, yes take it now, yes I am telling you, yes I am telling you, yes then you tell her, then I searched that girl's Instagram, searched Instagram and found out that even today I feel that the girl is on Only Fans, I came to know that she is on Only Fans, she has an account on Only Fans, and then when I came to know that she is on Only Fans, then since when I have been sending her ₹101 slowly like this. So you will also take its subscription of Rs 500. Clap once for this. Come on, does anyone else have a story? Want to tell someone? Hi. Hello, brother. What is the name? Myself myself. Ok. What happened? Meaning your man's name is Swayam. The name of the crush is self. The people behind are happy, right? You will be used. What is the scene itself? What story do you have? Keep the mic nearby. Ok? Yes. I once went to a wedding, so what happened? Why did the scene happen? The girl is out from here. No, I do n't want to do this scene. I once went to a wedding and what happened? So I was with my brothers. I was just taking photos like this. Meanwhile, one or two girls came. Marriage means everyone was relative, right? So I saw them in the beginning. I said who are these people, who are they, what are they entering into, who are they entering into the wedding, who are they entering into, yes then those people came and said that I had an iPhone, that's why O Sal Flex, then how did you get the iPhone, by taking a loan from Bully app, that bastard is blackmailing him and giving him the iPhone, brother, yes yes yes, so you, you and I had an iPhone. So he said take a photo of me. I said take two-three photos. And then I said how should I send it? So she said I will give you my Insta ID. I said okay. Smooth smooth yes. So I said, give it to me in writing on my phone. Because my net was 100% finished for the day. Has the audience come? Went on a reunion trip. One is saying that 100% of the data was lost. Using an iPhone. He asks, will you write my Insta ID and give it to me? Yes, okay. Ok. Yes, he was 100% exhausted. Yes. So he said, you don't have the ID brother. 299 data A wait wait. Yes. Took two-three photos and Insta ID. So she showed it to me in her phone, I remembered the ID and after seeing it I thought yes should I message her today, so I got her ID from her at night, so I messaged her, she messaged me hi and all, she said hi and all, yes hi hi hi, I messaged her like this and that, after that she said do you want to send me a photo [Prashansa] wati wati wati wati yes yes you want to share the photo, yes so I sent the photo and after that you sent her, her salary was credited, so she directly said I love you [Sangeet] she was her neighbour, later I came to know that she was his sister, yes so a lot of time oh oh oh you guys wait brother one minute yes you you, she directly said I love you, she said I love you to me, I thought it was fun, listen yes yes so we met after 7-8 months, 7-8 months, so what happened in between, she talked in between, she created an account on OnlyFans, no, so what happened, we met, we kept meeting after a month or two, we kept meeting and so a scene happened, are you listening, it's been a year, it's been a year, yes on 26th December, was this something of mine, yes, whose anniversary was this? Anniversary, hey wait friend, it's been a year, yes it's been a year and my exams were going on, so I told her that I won't be able to talk, her exams were going on, then she said I won't be able to talk, I said okay, then for 101 days she talked normally, every day I love you, that's it. [Applause] It's normal. I love you. Yes, after this much discussion, my exams started after another month. As soon as my exams started, I did not talk to him for five days. So she told me that you are not giving me time. So he is not giving me time, she said end and all. So they said that he is not giving it on time. So what did she say to me that it was time, so I said okay let it go now, I will give the exam, so I gave her time, what time did I give her, wait one minute, one minute, yes yes yes, so I gave her time, then suddenly she disappeared, her exam started again, her exam again, then her data got exhausted. So what happened in the scene then? One month time one month means 26th December was coming back. Did you guys chat only on 26th? Second year, second year and yes, he broke up with me on 25th December. Gave a breakup. Did n't let two years pass. They are saying that he got Jingle Bell. So what happened after that was that I told a couple of friends that the story was coming. Yes. Not two or four, he has two friends. The second 2000 are his two friends. Two of her friends messaged you. No, what happened to the scene? Hey, what do you want to say? One minute, there is something in this, yes yes one minute, one minute, there is something going on in this story, some scandals are happening, yes, okay, tell me directly, don't tell that scandal, yes, the last part, yes, now you have one minute, you have to summarize everything in this one minute, whatever is going to come next, okay, I will send him 500 in QR, I saw his account on Snap, we both used to send Snaps to each other every day, Snap, do you send photos to every girl So what happened in the scene? What happened in the scene? Hey, I mean, now if you ask me again what happened in the scene, you will give me Rs 500. What happened to the topic? Non Maharaj is speaking, topic, topic, what is he saying, last last line, yes, yes, he also sent a snap, what happened, then I directly messaged him and he sent me a video with a girl, video, video, sent a snap with a girl, so I also sent a kissing video with a girl, what is happening, these people behind are saying, delete the video, one minute, one minute, the other one also broke up the story, hey, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, if you had stopped this story here, if you had shown that video, it would have become a thousand, brother, brother, bid more, bid more, it would have become 2000, done brother, 2000 video, how much are you giving, everyone bid, right, 500, 500, 500 He is saying, we from Kurla, we have bought it from your wallet only. I don't even have a wallet. He is saying I am from Sanpada. I don't even have a wallet. Yes brother, that too of yours has been exhausted. Yes, it's done brother. Time is up. Tere ko video. It cost ₹2,000. Show me the video? Yes, show me. Everyone means hey show me and I will show it to the camera, what will be the shot, what will be the scene, the girl used to say that the subject itself is hard. The people behind are saying air drop video. The data has been exhausted. Is there a video? You save it and keep it. No no one minute 1 minute. Look, this would be a bit wrong if you made the video with the girl's consent. Ok. Ok. Ok. Give a round of applause for that girl. That girl has six boyfriends and I was the seventh. And he is still messaging me. You were the seventh. It's nice, it's nice. It seems her name was Rainbow. Do you think he should be given money? One minute, one minute. I will ask some sensible person. What happens? One minute, one minute. I'm a minute. Okay okay. One second, yes, yes brother. No, I have driven it myself, ma'am, what do you think, you should say yes, ma'am, no, you should not give it, or no, you will not, Tai, Tai, Tai is saying, Tai, Tai, should I make a video of you, he is messaging me at night, make a video of you [praise], I am kissing. what what what love you dada harber line same line same line you guys can discuss it among yourselves later what not yes slowly brother jal slowly brother jal I will give number one listen listen listen I will give it to you sit quietly now okay okay come on clap once for these people Rawas okay does anyone else have anything? Do you have a story? Myself, yes. What is your name? Rituja. Rituja. Yes. What story do you have? Tell me one thing, does either of you have a boyfriend? If something casual something sometimes not. Okay, okay, okay. Listen Listen. Will the video come again? Ok. Ok. Yes, listen, listen, listen, friends. Yes yes what is the story? So why are you looking at him? Yes listen listen, yes she is my crush. Yes, hey, Abdullah is going crazy here in someone else's wedding. Yes, yes. Not this. Ok. Yes, listen to this. Yes. So I was scrolling through random stories on Instagram. So a friend posted a story congratulating him. So I liked his profile and I stopped and asked who is he? So his account was open. Hey wait brother, listen brother. Yes. So I followed. Yes, follow me. I followed it. So I did not expect him to follow back because the account was open. Yes. So I followed it. After some time, I got a request from him to follow back, follow back, yes your account was private. So I used to like his stories. I used to like stories that not many people would like. If it is random then he will notice it if he is not there. Your probability may increase. Exactly. But both your house and thinking are small. Sorry sorry sorry but he had a girlfriend, he had a girlfriend, I don't know, that's why you didn't know, okay yes, so I randomly like stories so that she notices, she notices a lot, so after some time, after one or two months, a message comes from a random account, hi yes, so I said I had already replied, then a message came from a random account. It belonged to the boy. It was one's own. His second account came. Ok. Yes. hold on hold on. He told me that I talked about all that to myself. Then you did not ask whether this was from another account? Yes. asked asked. So what did he say? That was when he had a recent breakup. He did not have to reveal anything. All this, all that. Yes. The boy behind has been made. Yes. So all that happened and then I said that, then he said that I thought you might have noticed but I recently had a breakup. My girlfriend has my account and all this. So I can't message directly. So then he said to me, okay, no, I don't want to talk. So he said, I said no, I want to talk. Will send message from main account. So oh my god. Must be from official account. From the official account. So he said, okay then? But I loved it. Did you like it very much after seeing the photo Yes, it actually looks good. Looks good in actuality. This is not like this, it is not like myself. He had edited it. Yes. Ok. Ok. Yes, wait, wait. He said he wanted a message from the official account. Yes. So he said okay fine. And then the breakup of whatever it was. How did it happen? I don't know what happened. Yes. But, then back account. So, right now uh right now you guys are dating. Not doing it. What to take? No, why should I pay for this, brother, such a bad story. Okay, okay. Let's make it a little easier. Ok. Do you need money? No. I don't want it. So why did you waste my time Yes. wait wait wait. Let's do one thing. If we give him money, we will make it very easy. You can also message yourself. Call Video Call Video Call. Will you make a video call? And what will you say to him? Block. How will she block by making a video call? Will you not message, not call and not pick up the call? And will lift the block. I can't tell if he will pick it up from the ID or not. What a minute brother conference break up with his girlfriend No no, X is there, isn't it? X is there, isn't it? Okay, okay, wait a minute these shots. Yes, okay. Your suggestion was good. What are you saying? Get him and his girlfriend on call. Will call right now. What else will she say? I messaged him this. He knows 1 minute 1 minute yes he knows this already he knows brother that thing 1 minute it is of the ban, you do n't have it what else do you have any suggestion oh this of mine looks good oh no no no no no I don't want to listen to it brother brother brother I am scared brother my YouTube will get banned brother and this venue is anyway breaking brother don't yes yes one minute let's make it easy let's do one thing just message yourself that TMKC this is easy everyone is finding this right ma'am yes this is right call him and say are you talking about calling yes oh you guys ok ok ok ok ok do one thing call yourself and listen tell him that I just remembered you because you went in front, these people are saying that with us also ok ok ok this can do this much no she can't do it why yes wait wait yes she is doing it she is doing it let's go yes she will stay with the other one yes obviously yes then ok let's see ok Who all are there on the call? No, no, one minute, one minute, put it on speaker. This speaker is his. Yes, yes [Sangeet] Hi Swayam, hi Swayam, my data is getting exhausted because of you scolding me. Hello, yes, hi Swayam, Rituja, my number is saved here. I was missing you. The boy from the front What did she say, I didn't understand anything. One minute, one minute, what did she say? He will block you. Okay, we are going to do it brother. What did she say? This mic. Yes, give it to him brother. It seems a little sensible. Don't give a tone. You are saying yes, yes, I will tell you in the exact tone. What did she say? Yes, a boy from the front You want me No, no, I danced, I danced, clap once for this. Are you both a couple? Are you a married couple? Well, is there any married couple among you? So, are you both married? You have come to my show before too, brother? Well, I have come for the first time. Can I talk to you? Ok? Let's talk to him last and then we will end the show. Ok? Yes. I will ask you such edgy questions, will you be okay with that? What questions will be asked? Whom should I ask? You both decide who has to answer. Ok? These are some questions I asked on Insta. Ok? What is your name? Prayer. What about you? Resolution. How long have you guys been married? 3.5. Oh, that's quite alright. Right right. So one question we've received is from our audience, not mine. Ok? So it is written in this that a line was said by your partner and you immediately understood that something is going to happen from today. Everyone was with us in the group. Came to the house for a party. Ok. The party is a normal party. There was a house party going on. Yes. Ok. So after that, after everything was done, I said that I am tired now, I am going to sleep. So that was the call. Now the wife is saying this and if he says this every day then she will remain scared. There is no need to say no every day. The wife is saying that there is no need to speak. He feels scared. Yes. Who is the dominating one among you guys? No. No. A We Take Our Own Shares. Sometimes he, sometimes me. Oh wow, these people seem absolutely progressive. Yes, tell me brother, who do you think is dominating among you two? There is no one who is dominating. Next Hey you guys are you guys? Yes 1 minute. So yours was a love marriage? Was it an arranged marriage? Love marriage. It was a love marriage. So what do you think? Was sex better before marriage or is it better after marriage ? Is n't this a good question? Yes, okay. Listen. What happened? What happened? Hey wait wait friend, the poor guy is thinking. Yes, it is better now. It is better now. Why do you think so? Wait, what? First A. Wait, wait. Earlier one had to go secretly. Couldn't speak at home. So do you do it outside now? The security guard came and said, hey sir, what are you doing? Hey, we got married, right? We will do it in the lobby right now. Well, you still have a warrant that you can do anything further. awesome awesome. Did you try something new after marriage which you had never tried before? He is giving it to his wife. What velocity? Hey, what an ass you have, man. Dare to go to a public place. With courage in a public place. Bhai it is getting dark, which washroom is this, washroom, that video on the highway which has been leaked right now, no no nothing was leaked, Balo, no no I am telling, I am telling, yes where did I go, yes I don't even remember the name, no no I mean in which area did I do it, in Mumbai, yes where is the place in Mumbai, oh it was not like that, I had made out and was making out in the washroom and there was a line of girls outside. Which one is this? Okay, one minute. Hey wait, there will be a line to pee. They were saying that there was a queue for this. So you guys went to the lounge and drank alcohol and then you came to the washroom and made out. Which lounge was this? I do n't remember his name actually. Okay, I mean tell me the locality in Mumbai. Worli. At Worli's place. Vai nice. Give a round of applause for these people. Ok. These people gave a great answer. Ok. Give it to him. Come on friend, yes, has any of you ever had a sugar daddy or a sugar mummy? You don't have one, but someone has one like that brother, have you really had a sugar mummy or a sugar daddy? Yes, okay, keep the mic close, you are considering a sugar mummy, so how did you become a sugar mummy, I mean, how did you woo her, I keep the mic close, she was actually my girlfriend's mom. I am having fun brother. Yes, listen, listen. Yes. So it started like this, I was in 12th. I was in 12th. Oh, what do I mean, I was shocked. Good. He is repeating it. I mean, I was in 12th. What does it mean? I was in 12th. Yes, okay. were you in 12th? Yes. So the time for degree came, that is, first year came. Yes. So everyone at her house knew that we both were dating. I did not know this thing at home. Yes. Mike a little closer and yes. So his family members were very free. Meaning this is what happens. Yes. Her mom and dad were very free so I used to visit her house frequently, meaning very fluently. Even in the name of college, this and that kept happening in his house in the morning. So many times it happened that she used to stay at home more than in college. His attendance scene was of his college. My attendance was at his house. 69% So it was more of a college scene. His attendance scene was high. So she kept going. So I was usually at his house, I mean there was a dog at his house. So I did n't like dogs. So I used to go for that. But Dog's So he said, hey we can do it too. Later, while going to her house, I started getting a lot of leads that I keep coming and going there every day. So after a long time, that is after a month or so, such a scene happened that aunty started taking me out and said, come on, I mean he is taking the dog for a walk and also taking you for a walk. Kind of Kind of means what's your name brother? Shubh Shubh, you also used to hug on such roads then. Aunty is saying why do you say this, she used to go to college so I used to hang out with aunty normally, yes there was one more of us that aunty had, I mean they were from a good family, okay I had to complete the sentence, what did aunty have, no they don't know no no if you want the password then I want that only, hey you wait Madhur wait Madhu, that is very dirty, what next? Hey friend, tell me, aunty was very rich. Yes yes, that's fine. So once we were going to a supermarket. They used to live here in Vilya Parle. Aunty, it seems you brother will tell me everything here. So Vile lived in Parle. So we were going to a supermarket. It was afternoon time. So, I don't know, once aunty recently had a fight with uncle. No, I had a fight with uncle. There was a fight. If he is coming then I don't know, he will be in the middle, I mean those people are depressed, I mean aunty is crying, we did not hear that in the morning, yes, aunty was crying, so I just gave her a shoulder, I did not give her a shoulder, I asked aunty what happened, why are you crying like this, then the driver said, brother, don't make a video, yes who is it, no, no, you make it, you tell me, then the driver asked, hey, you do n't do this in this, so wait a minute, when you guys were going in the car, you are asking aunty, aunty, why are you sad, then the driver said, you should do this in this because it is obvious that the driver will already be there, I had just come, so there was a scene of the driver with the aunty, hey, the driver was in front, the driver is obvious, he will be there for a long time, so he said to me that you are younger, don't ask so much, I will not ask like this, then I still asked aunty slowly, aunty, what happened, why are you crying, then aunty put her hand like this and aunty Hello friends, thank you very much for watching the full video. And now it's time for this video contest. As you know, at the end of every video I ask you a question and whoever gives the funniest or most creative answer, I pin it and Urban Monkey, whose clothes I wear, has a mystery box of mine and that belongs to them. The winner of the last video is Trick 8972 and the question of this video is that in this video we talked about how that guy got banned from the dating app, so I want to ask you, what is the worst or best pickup line you have used on the dating app or what line has someone used on you, you have to write in the comment, I will pin the funniest answer or it can be creative also and this Urban Monkey whose mystery box I have, it can be yours, the rest of the important thing is that I am doing my India tour and the last two-three shows of that are left, I am doing shows on the weekend in Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar and Nagpur. Its ticket link will be given in the description and after that I am going to do my India tour. So to know which cities I am going to visit, follow me on Instagram. My ina id is rj unders pranit. Rest of the next video is coming next week. Will come on Friday at 7:00. And this video is going to be in Marathi. So subscribe to the Marathi channel also. Hindi video will come next week. So please subscribe to this channel also. Coming to the rest of the live shows. We have a lot of fun there. And take care of yourself. Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra

  Top Comments:
  1. @Harryies09 [2 likes]: Bhi 9 mahine ho gaye Ab upload karo 2nd part😅
  2. @Sanjay_7498 [1 likes]: 33:51 same story I have 😅😅
  3. @apnaharry-h: oh m jlta tere dove k sabun se chl btaaaaa nhayeigi  ky shampoo sehhh
  4. @AarzooDewangan-h4u: yaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr pranit bhaiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!! klpd kr diya bhai ne fans ka!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @RudraR-p2i: Aree pls make video with out beep. Big fannn of you
  6. @TAHMIDHossain-v7y: They way bruh explaining his tinder ban story, like he is proud
  7. @PatelDhaval-e6w: Khy kar ne degiii tu😂
  8. @melindafernandez680: 14:35  lady in the bg😂
  9. @rahulnikam9085: 20:06😂
  10. @superior057: bhai yaar kya audience h b* sunne bhi ni de rhi bar bar background noise hi aara h inka, yaar cut to cut baat bhi ni krne de rhi background audience 🤬
  11. @Moral-l7w: Mene aabhi tak life me 70-80 rupees ki chaumeen khai thi but 
Dating aap se mene 950 rupees ki chaumeen  khilai  vo bhi mujhe khane ko nhi ko nhi mili 😢 chutiya cata h 😮bill pay bhi mene kiya green salad 30 vali ka bill 350-/😢😢datting aap ki krpa se
  12. @littlejoy-w3g: Sarthak's dimples n smile is cute.
  13. @vikaskaushik5831: Itna th dund k aaya mai last vala upload hi nahi tha
  14. @madhur9120: Part 2
  15. @mrworldwide_bk: not good as your others video
  16. @unfiltered_story2: Are yaar pura do video
  17. @rajj._01: Bhai vho pakistani app hote hain vho sab fake hain bharne ka nahi laneke bad 😂😂😂😂😂
  18. @sachinkumaryadav3034: deting aap mene kabhi youes nahi kiya  but mere paas ak ladki messege aya Helo mene bhi bola helo usne pucha kitne sal ke ho mene bola me 19 ka hu usne bola beta dudh pi ke so ja beta phir me rone laga
  19. @dhaneshsahu-u7u: 48:28 samne se ek gandu ladka gya 😂😂
  20. @usmanbhatti6047: Love from Pakistan bro I really enjoy your videos

- How to Keep Your OnlyFans Activity Private from Family: Tips and Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to stop yours or your model's content from showing in certain countries from all over the world completely remotely it's different hotel rooms and traveling in all my different videos check me out at Beyond Austin official on all major social media platforms but for now until you back to the video all right so if you've seen my other videos you know that I don't use any of our models only fans or any of their social media for the purposes of YouTube videos I think that is not what they signed up for and it'll be very unprofessional for me to do so plus my identity has also been banned from only fans so there's nowhere in hell that I can actually create and only fans can get verified using my ideas so anyway so I've had to pull up some screenshots to show you how to do this but oh well as long as you get the point so to stop PD or yours or your model's content from showing in certain countries not only fans the process is quite simple you'll simply log in and then you'll click in the left pane here you'll go to settings once you click on settings it will open up this little menu here and then you click on privacy and safety once you click on privacy and safety it will give you these two options here you can either block by country or block by IP address now block bipedress that is pretty hectic stuff that's for if you have a stalker and you know you want to block their like their whole internet connection but you don't want to go that far that's pretty technical stuff but you'll just want to block by country assuming that this model or you don't want to be shown in certain countries now if this is you or your model has requested this I'm guessing they don't want to be shown in the same country where they're from because they're probably scared of friends or family seeing their content I'm guessing that's it it's probably the only reason I can think of so therefore you'll just be wanting to block the country where the model is from for example if the model is from the US by the way if you do this you're blocking out a massive audience so I wouldn't recommend this but so yeah if your model is from the US for example or you are from the US then you'll go to as I said you'll go to settings then privacy and safety block by country and then you'll select us what this means is that if any IP address tries accessing your only fans accounts and the IP address is from the USA it is located in the USA they will not see your account to them your account does not exist Therefore your family and friends might go search your new app having a look oh she's got only fans click go the link oh it's not there but this can only take you so far because another request I have seen is that they don't want any of their social medias or their dating app profiles or Reddit you know any of the other marketing methods or Tick Tock Etc being shown in that country either now here's what I can tell you I can tell you that you can block a certain country from looking at the only fans account but there's no way that you can block specific countries from seeing your social media so for insta nothing you can do the audience is dictated by the hashtags you use by the followers the account has there's nothing you can do about it there's always the possibility that someone that you know or your family is going to see your content on Instagram now you might not go deliberately showing your content to them but it could always get shared around or they could always stumble into it it all depends on what kind of hashtags you use and what kind of audience you have and you are catering to so Instagram there's nothing you can do dating apps that's pretty simple you just don't show the dating apps in that country for example if the model is from the US like I said earlier then you'll just set up a dating app profile not in the US so you'll just set up dating app profiles in Australia in the UK and Asia whatever now to do this is a little tricky and that is a whole different video in itself I've shown other videos how to do this how to spoof location how to use proxies stuff like that to show dating apps different country that's not in this video but it is possible so you can do that tick tock tick tock audience is dictated by the SIM card number so for example if you have tick tock on your phone and the SIM card has a number that is tied to the US so if you have a US Mobile number then that's how Tick Tock determines the audience that will see your content so if you don't want people in the US for this example to see that content then you're using Australian sim card with an Australian number because Tick Tock will go okay here's the number on the mobile device the number is from the Australia therefore we will just show the content to Australia anyway so to wrap it up there's no real like guaranteed 100 way to stop any certain people from seeing all of your content but this is the best we got so I hope that helped if you liked the video go smash like button smash the Subscribe button and I'll see you on another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @myerstreefarm7384: the "Privacy and Safety does not givve me a block option??
  2. @mateimatey8520: Hi again. Sorry for spamming your comments, but im curious until when i got time to get on the $199 monthly ? I saw your post about wanting to change to annual only, but the monthly is still available. Please tell me until when i have time, im waiting for my salary

- How I Keep My OnlyFans Life a Secret from Family & Friends: Kind: captions Language: en Hello my loves. Welcome back to my channel. Those who are new, I am Satcha Swings. I'm an Only Fans creator and a full-time mama bear. Today's video I am going to answer the most asked question. How do I keep my Only Fans life a secret from my friends and family? It's not as easy as people think. So, let's get into it. So, here's the thing. In that first year, it is possible to keep things quiet. You're kind of in your own bubble. Um, creating new accounts, fresh name, different email, different everything. And honestly, if you really want to keep things like lowkey, some people even use a separate phone with zero contacts so they don't overlap. And that first year feels like, okay, I got this little secret world and that nobody knows about. You're building your socials, posting, experimenting, and if you don't connect that with your personal life, it's actually pretty hard for people to stumble across you. Like I remember, and this was early on, I had a mini heart attack because I thought one of my family members found one of my pages and luckily it was just someone that had the same last name, but my stomach dropped. So that's when I realized I need to keep those lines super separate. But here's where things get complicated. You can keep your Only Fans life separate for a while, but the moment you start promoting, you need social media. Instagram, Twitter, Tik Tok, they're all amazing for traffic, but they're also the number one reason people you know can stumble across your content. And let's be real, everyone is on these platforms. Your friends, your co-workers, your family, even your mom's best friend. They all have Instagram. They all scroll on Tik Tok. So overlap totally unavoidable. The thing is algorithms don't care about your secret. They push your content where they think that people will watch it. And sometimes that means yeah, your cousin sees you pop up on his for you page. I remember scrolling on my own Instagram and thinking, "Oh my god, if my friend's husband saw this, it could easily land on his wife's feed." And that's when it hit me, there's no way to make social media 100% safe from overlap. So when people ask me, "Can't you just hide it?" I'm like, "Not really. You can avoid direct connections, yes, but these platforms are designed to be public, to share, to spread. And that means at some point someone you know is going to come across something. That's the reality. Secrets don't last forever on social media. You can delay it. You can minimize it, but you can't avoid it forever. Now, with that being said, let me give you some quick tips that can help you stay lowkey for as long as possible. Number one, keep everything separate. Separate emails, separate socials, separate loginins. Don't ever mix your personal Instagram with your creator accounts. Number two, avoid locations, especially the ones close to home. You don't need to broadcast where you live, your favorite coffee shop. Keep that line sharp. Number three, don't overshare personal details. It's tempting sometimes to get chatty. Once people have little breadcrumbs, it's easy to connect the dots. And last, mentally prepare for exposure. Even if you do everything right, even if you follow every rule, there's still a chance someone from your world sees you. And that's okay. That's part of the ride. At the end of the day, guys, this isn't just a secret life. It's a choice, and it's a powerful one. If you start this, be proud of it, enjoy it, and be ready for what comes with it. Thank you guys so much for hanging out with me while I got ready and spilled a little bit about my secret life. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button, subscribe, turn the bell on so you don't miss what's coming next, and I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ed_eddie22 [2 likes]: You are very charming 😍 and enthusiastic ❤
  2. @surajmanish5354 [1 likes]: Hey Sacha..you have an calming presence
  3. @tommy_yoon [1 likes]: You are doing a great job mama 🫶🫶🫶
  4. @partimeninja5388: Here’s a good equation I like to follow Attracting Attention = Less Privacy!
  5. @life_of_love_786: What is your real name
  6. @LukeYa-r9w: Wow smoking 🔥

- How I Told My Family About My OnlyFans Job: Kind: captions Language: en what is your family's fault on it because that's something that like I could never imagine telling my mom that I was the only fans manager so you can justify it for yourself but then like what's your family's opinion on that yeah so pretty funny so like when I about my journey how I was started out essentially so I was chatting on the accounts all on my phone so I'd be in the car like on like this on my phone so like obviously no one sees anything I'm just like oh like what are you doing I'm like oh I'm just busy doing this work I'm trying this thing and then like I want to tell them but then after a month I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I made a good amount I didn't want to tell them oh I'm start like a lot of guys like to say I'm starting this business blah blah blah and it's just like oh yeah nice nice son you're doing another business but I didn't want to tell them until it worked so when it obviously I made money I'm like oh yeah I need to tell you guys something I'm doing this and I thought there would be a bad reaction but then um my dad is just like yeah you're making money who cares my mom was like oh what is it you're doing I was like yeah I'm doing this blah blah blah and she was like also so the girls they're not doing anything in personal if you're not doing anything bad I'm like no it's literally all online I explain like I said the moral stuff like I'm making them more money and she's like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're like a genius she's like you're making them more money you're making money everyone's happy in the exchange she was like Gass like telling all her her friends and that oh my son does this I'm like fair enough I didn't expect it to be that but yeah they're completely sound of it like and my my arm is religious as well but they understand like again like I said it everything is immoral to some degree but what I'm directly doing I'm not doing anything illegal I'm doing illegal business and they're just happy that obviously they see me from Trading like at the bottom and they're happy obviously to see my success and yeah it's been all positive

- How did you deal with family/friends when you made a ONLYFANS 😱😱😱: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's up YouTube mister girl princess bro say my back with another word okay sobs on my Instagram live and I had someone ask me how did you deal with your family and friends when you first start your own fans okay so I'm finally gonna let y'all know what happened how I dealt with it and what had been ways I lost a lot of friends I'm not even gonna lie to you like I lost a lot of friends they were always worried about what I did like I like friends that are like always there for you but not the friend that I tell you and tear you apart like girl you stuck your shape for like three dollars not my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no because I'm never some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so that's not even good to that bird but it's not but like I said my only feelings for three dollars I sell my videos for do dollars if y'all realize I have a lot of followers I have a lot of fans and those three dollars act like you feel me I get the more cheap it is the more people will come out like I'm already exposed to the Internet why not it don't matter to me my only fans is $20 at the moment but my brief description is 399 or $3 like you feel me I'm still winning nothing today I don't care they're happy I'm happy but listen I lost a lot of friends they're like you're not respecting yourself you're all here doing this putting your body on internet people not gonna respect you how would your kids know what you look like in the future I don't have no kids by the way but on this what they're saying um sometimes that they're right but listen I do respect myself and like if I ever do have kids I just pray like they will forget me because at the end of the day they just gotta respect what their mother did like honestly that's the way I was getting money like you family I loved it I loved I like everything I do for her I'm not insecure I see me like am I gonna have to do this for myself there's no I love what I do I love my creations of my only fiends I love everything like period believe me but in who but yeah they were talking so down on me I lost so many friends like that only give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing me a 10 day pay my rent and I pay my partner they're not paying nothing for me so that's that I'm here where I'm at and they're still where they're at they're here and I'm like way up there so I'm saying like only fans took me to the next level no lot not a lot but dealing with it with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] family was different like I don't know if y'all know my mother been to some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so I didn't want to tell her about it because she's been through some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she got I was just I have her hey her weight everything like one time my mom because my mom was going through it while I put my pressure and stress on her hey if you remember that type of person I always said thighs down but yes friend's daughter concept or a snitch on me like that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is pathetic I am a grown-ass lady I just turned 25 as you can see like I don't need nobody telling my mom nothing on my dad nothing or nothing like that I can tell for my own self I have a mouth I have a half a mouth period like you feel me like I can tell when I want to and I'm ready people don't understand they just want to sit there and snitches on you for no reason like let me be the one to tell my own mother my own father and my cousin's my sisters whoever like don't sit down put my business out that's just wrong don't do that if it's not your business don't say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] period and if you're watching [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you cuz I still don't like you to this day like period [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off oh would you or your mama you feel me but listen my mom took it in it was kind of like a little hard because you feel me but I didn't think she understood she need her to talk for that cuz I thought she was mad at me and I thought she probably thought I was mad at her she just we just did talk for that good minute like we ended up talking and communicated it because it was like I was ignoring her because I was scared I was scared of her response you know I'm saying but I think the day my mom [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me like I said period now for my dad it was weird because I don't really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with my dad but I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my dad's kind of weird he was I guess you know watching porn hub we're watching the website like that and he ended up coming across his daughter and that's this weird like not even just that like other people were telling him about it too but he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saw late for his own eyes and it was like a Oh like you know I'm saying grossest bug so like now for my sister's she kind of like Pete but she didn't peek and I told her but she was really she was understanding like my stepmom they were understanding but they were still mad at the end the day they really thought I said I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I wasn't I don't do that I just had videos only videos or even a it's all I do but I listen - it was really hard to take in cuz it was really scared hi I like I had to hide this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it was hard and got no rose a mugging is a big person like like not saying I'm famous famous but I'm out there like I'm famous in that type of way like you feel I'm saying like that should reach back to people whatever you do if you are a female and you are trying to do only fans you will get exposed if you have a big fan base even if you don't have a fan base they will still expose you you will be on somewhere you're on internet for life you from saying like someone's gonna contact someone that's close to you so it's kind of hard like I don't knows crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah well my family friends found out it was just like it was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz everybody already be judging me for what I do like it's not you're not me so why are you depressed why you dis mad why are you just caring so much you're not me now I can see by my mom and my father like you and me like y'all could be upset but any day they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me they still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me what I do just be safe at everything I do period like even like I dealt with that type of way like I I really wish that I could have spoke to my own parents about it like yo steadily dad I do days that respects me at the new day my dad - um I'm not sure about like my uncle my aunt my pop up and all them be like it is what it is they know I'm getting this money they see me with a challenge they see me I got three bedroom apartment like they just see me doing good either I'm stripping or I'm getting it the way I'm getting it period like I'm just getting in that's just the way I am like but at the midday I love what I do like I say and honey if you trying to create your own me fence account you better do it as good pay at the end of the day um period okay thank you for watching I hope I answered your question about how I dealt with my friends and family I kicked autumn beaches to the kurz I'm a dislike that I'm doing is y'all hate not envy me bye [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] period my family members they communicate with me they they respect me still to this day still talk to me so it don't really matter it is but it shouldn't bother you what I do if I got money and you got money let's go out to eat let's go shop and I'll do that why you gotta be mad like what people say about

  Top Comments:
  1. @JaeLshae30 [2 likes]: Regardless of how much u sell it......u make hella money....the “friends” sounds like haters
  2. @JamalZest [2 likes]: Shit make them💰I mad respect for shawty  always keep it real 💯Haven't subscribe to your fansonly . But about to.  Keep doing you
  3. @Yoobones [2 likes]: I love you and will always suppport youu
  4. @lovelace2.lawrence [2 likes]: If they can't support what you do then they're not your true friends
  5. @devindougherty5734 [2 likes]: At least your family didn't disown you
  6. @sosogproductions204 [1 likes]: I was embarrassed at first bu it helped me help a friend like yu
  7. @davidthurman3 [1 likes]: Oh hey
  8. @sosogproductions204: 🎖🧬📉🍊🔑🧪💎🔰🔟🚘🆘️🛅🚗🍗🕎
  9. @sosogproductions204: Wanna Duo? Besides our account is currently double consolidated.
  10. @camjohnson5732: I mean she still make a fuckin bag bro shi whatever to make money now a damn days
  11. @waynestaples6286: Anybody hating on you is probably ugly af. I'm just saying.
  12. @bigmacattack9833: BITCH WHAT!!! 😮😮😮 3 Dollars man that will be the only onlyfans page I sign up for the rest be bugging with price for 30 to 40 freaking bucks 👎🏿 but $3 HELL YEAH
  13. @vonnavondrake6883: You don't need to explain shit to anyone that's one and two, your a beautiful soul and you'll raise your children to be the same. If that day comes they'll understand.
  14. @jaydageekk: I seen you on yeah I fw you
  15. @shottaM: Yo kids gonna be beating they meat to u

- Teen Gay Creators Expose their Journey on OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en Underneath the sheet. >> On top of the sheet. >> You slept on top of black bags. >> Yeah. >> Look, he had one. >> Yeah. I put So, I put the bags I made legs with the bin bags. I put bags all over the >> Were you not sweating? >> I was boiling. >> Boiling. It was worth it though. >> OCD. [laughter] >> And then I wrapped up the um pillows in bin bags >> and slept on. No wonder you spent 40 minutes in the shower, you poor cous. It was genuinely worth it though. It felt so much >> that sounds like hell. >> And did you do it as well? >> No, I >> So you on the bed like so you were just there like been bagged up. If anyone would have came in that room, mate, they would have thought you were a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serial killer. [laughter] >> Oh. >> Hello people. Welcome to another episode of Naughty Little Podcast. [music] >> [music] >> Hello guys. >> You're You're all right. >> Yeah, I'm all right. You all right? >> Yeah, not too bad. [laughter] >> Welcome to my podcast. It is a naughty little podcast and you are >> Bailey. >> And you are Jake. >> Jake. >> You can speak a little bit louder if you want. Jake. >> Hi Jake. [laughter] >> How you doing, mate? >> Yeah, I'm all right. >> Good. Um, so you're here because you're very young. >> Very gay >> content creators. >> Yeah, that's right. >> Um, >> and it's not often you get two lads. How old are you? >> I'm 19. >> You're 19. >> 21. >> 21. I thought you were the younger one. I don't know why. >> He looks younger though, doesn't he? >> Oh, no. Just cuz you're like you're always on the phone. I just thought you took the alpha the alpha ro. >> All right, cool. So you're 21, you're 19. >> How old are you? >> What? >> Older than you put together. >> No, I'm not. >> No. >> 39. >> So yeah. Wait, actually 21 >> almost. >> 39. No. >> I don't know. >> You go to math in school, are you? >> 40. Yeah. So almost. Yeah. [laughter] >> No, I didn't pass maths. >> No, I can tell. It's all right. Don't worry. I won't against you. >> I passed it. >> Did you actually? >> Yeah. You got grade four. Not having that. >> Um, so what do you do guys? >> Um, we do Only Fans. >> Good. We'll talk about that soon. Where are you from? >> We're from Manchester. >> Many you both from Manchester. >> All right. Cool. Is he the talking one and you're the quiet one? >> I told him. >> Fair enough. [laughter] >> Um, what? So, it's just I don't normally talk to two people, so it's a bit of a weird a different dynamic for me. But what um growing up did you always both know like you're gay? Like >> um >> at what age did you like realize? >> I'll say for me year six. >> So when you're like 15, 16? >> Yeah. Sex. >> What's year six? Like up north and down south is two different things. It's 12 different. Yeah. So year six for me >> like school. >> Same age. Just it you got like middle school down south. I didn't go to school much. >> I [laughter] don't know. You You're 11 when you're 15, 16, is it? >> No, I was I think I was like 12. >> Okay, cool. And what about you? >> Say about year eight. So like 13, 14. >> And then what you just did you tell your parents? Did you what did you just be like going to try out a bit first or >> No. So my my story was a bit different. So I was like I didn't come out till what was it? >> 18. >> Yeah. He he helped me to go out text my mom. >> How do you know each other? >> Through college. >> Ah, >> that I dropped. >> Huh? >> I dropped college. >> You dropped out of college. >> Only fans. >> Fair enough. Makes sense. Sometimes if you make your money, it makes sense. >> Exactly. But um >> so wait, you met in college? >> What year was that? >> That was just >> It couldn't have been that long ago. Come on, guys. Work with me. No. So, oh, >> we was my third year at college and it was his second and we >> was on an art course and then I think I did like I did like three or four courses and I was about to leave cuz I couldn't find a course what I wanted to do and then some like some like lady came up to me and she was like do you want to do art? And I was like sad I didn't really like art to be fair. >> Yeah. Um and then she came up and she just told me do art and then we just randomly met each other. >> So you done art as well? >> He was on the art course. >> Okay. >> And then like it was a bit weird. It felt like um like life was telling me to go do the art course cuz he was there. [clears throat] >> Oh, nice. Nice. >> So you knew you were gay from like year eight. >> But you did did you act on it? I know coming out is one thing, but like you could still like get a little blowy here and there, can't you? I didn't do I genuinely didn't do anything till I was 18 with anyone now. >> No girls, nothing. No. >> So, you didn't like did you not try to pretend to be straight like to try and combat? >> Well, I was I was I was with a girl from like year 78 maybe like year 70 year. >> But it was like >> I didn't I didn't want to do stuff with her though. So that's how I kind of like knew a little bit. >> Then you could call Frigid. >> Yeah. Callid by her. >> Yeah. I was I was She was there like trying to tell me to kiss her and I didn't kiss her. She poured co all over my hand. >> What's my hand? >> Well, kiss me. >> What's >> Has she got kids yet? >> She's a kind of bird that's got three kids. Smokes load of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> She probably does. >> Yeah, probably. >> Um, and what about you? When did you start? Like obviously you come you found out you were gay when you were >> about year six. How did you >> engage in it? Cuz obviously like it's not just like people think, "Oh yeah, I woke up. I accidentally went out, had a drink, shagged the gizer and now I'm a gay." Like it's not. Do you know what I mean? Like obviously you got a lot of demons to contend with. >> I think well my family they've always said that they've always known. So that's one way. And well my family found out. My mom found out cuz I gave her my old phone and there was loads of um messages on the phone with boys and loads of dicks on it. >> So that's how she found out. >> And then >> how old was you when that? >> Um yeah, nine. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. >> Yeah. And >> were they like kid dicks or adult dicks? >> Adult. >> That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nonsense, isn't it? >> Yeah, it is a bit. >> Did your mom go to the old bill? No, she didn't really think of much of it, I don't think. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. >> And >> mad behavior. >> Um, my dad's side, they found out by um it's like cringy Tik Toks and they found it like that. >> Nice. >> And they went through my phone and found it. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] h >> in year nine as well. >> Yeah. And how did [clears throat] you come out? >> You text my mom. >> Oh, yeah. You said that. Sorry. >> Yeah. What? It was You texted her. Yeah. Well, I texted her. >> What did you say? Mom, I'm gay. >> Pretty much. Yeah. She didn't She didn't know that. >> Did she had no idea? >> My family knew. >> I suppose you had a girlfriend, didn't you? So, it's like >> It wasn't even that. But >> it was like she always was like, >> she just genuinely didn't know. >> Yeah. Do any of you like do sports with like >> you're not you don't come across as like feminine? Like you don't come across as like feminine or like camp or anything. It's just like I'm too teenage young. >> I used to do um you know running. >> Yeah, I know what running is. Two legs going. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> You know what? Short distance running, >> sprinting and that. >> And um I stopped doing it cuz I just stopped and um I'm getting back into it now. >> Good. >> Cuz I want to do this running thing. I'm fast. >> How fast? >> Pretty fast. >> 100 me. >> Yeah. I've got a bad hip, but I'll race you. >> Yeah, I say we should race. >> We'll race outside. >> After the interview, we'll race and we'll record it. >> Oh, >> what? >> Depends what shoes I've got, though. >> What? Mate, I'm wearing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeezys. Shoes. >> Oh, you've got you got running shoes. I'm wearing Yeezys. >> Oh, yeah. That's fine. Yeah. >> Cool. All right. Sweet. It'll be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] speed and Ashton Hall all over again. Um hopefully I'll win. >> Oh, with you belt though. >> Yeah, of course. You look like him. >> Close. >> Right. So your parents now know that you're both gay. Your families know um what being young and gay and like looking young as well cuz like you you get 21 year olds that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big and stubbly and like but you look young like >> you're pretty much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pedophile dream. >> Do you get a lot of older gizers like >> Oh yeah weird. >> Yeah. Like we've got we got a Snapchat for like fans basically where they can message us on it >> and they're all old >> men. >> You shouldn't have a Snapchat for fans by the way. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that off. >> If you ain't making money from it, don't do it. Don't put your energy into nothing you're not making money from. Like what's your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point? If this is your what you're doing for money, then don't do it for free. If you want to talk to me, talk to me fans. >> Yeah, true. not thinking about, you know, >> see, we got a few. We need to know a bit more. >> You got a lot to learn. Um, >> we have got a lot. >> So, how did you get into doing fans? How did that all like come about? >> Well, we worked at Macky's. It was horrible. >> So, you went from college and thought, "Fuck it, let's get a job at McDonald's." >> Sick. >> I I dropped college for McDonald's. And then in McDonald's, that's when I did OF. >> What? In McDonald's in your uniform and that? >> Um, no. That would have worked well. >> That would have worked really well. >> Yeah, I had to think about we still got a uniform so >> get in it, [laughter] >> mate. You know what you want to do? Like walk into McDonald's. Great. I'm giving you a tip for a real walk to McDonald's, just wear your uniforms, go behind the counters just for banner and then just like pick up a meal and just throw like I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quit [laughter] >> just randomly. You know what I mean? Then walk out record it for you. Walk out. >> Oh, I can't do that. >> Why not? That's like push the limit a bit. [laughter] >> Ah, it's all right. It's banner. Um, what? Um, so yeah, sorry. Left, you at McDonald's, left McDonald's. >> A brutal like leave though. It was really brutal how we left. >> How'd you leave? >> Cuz we had a McDonald's group chat with everyone in it. And I posted a message in the group chat saying, "You're a fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're this. You're that." To everyone that I didn't like the managers >> said, "You're stuck up. You're a stuck up cow." >> Yeah. It was disgusting. It was horrible. So I called them out for it. >> Nice. Why were they horrible? What? Taking out you for being gay. >> No, it was just like >> Well, yeah. Yeah, pretty much. But >> but not like being like >> in a professional way. >> So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] working on it like so say we live together. >> So the the um the traveling part of it was like it was it was a good like 10 12 miles from our house. So we obviously we we don't drive or anything like that. So we was getting the bus. So it would make more sense to kind of have a good shift pattern >> to travel. >> Um but it was just that it started off with like they didn't know that we was together. We kind of kept it from the start. So we kind of seen like the change in like you know like pattern from like us not telling anyone that we was together. um we on the same shifts and whatnot and then kind of came out that we was together and this just started putting us on opposite shifts. So I'll be on like a 6 in the morning till 3:00 in the afternoon. Then he would start start at 4:00 till 11:00 at night. >> You'd have like everyone talking this and that, you know, like when you're working like people be like friends talking to each other. You'd have managers talking and laughing, you know, playing about. Um, and they'd separate us purposely. So, I'll be in booth on the drive-thru and he'll be at the front. If we was both on the front for whatever point, which was quite rare, >> they'd like >> I don't know, >> we'll get stared at. >> We'd get stared at the second we would talk. >> They'd see other people be talking like pissing about. Like there' be two friends over on the other side like pissing about and the managers would be pissing about and they won't bother, you know? They don't care. The second I can see me and Bailey talking, they were just like, "What? what are you doing? Like why are you talking this and that to create a massive scene saying like we're pissing them out. >> There was not one time where I pissed them out. >> Um there were times where like um I'd sit outside. So let's say we was on a we would sometimes ask people to switch their shift. So I'd give them my shift and then they'll give me their shift just so we can be on like the same shift pattern. Um, and then like I'd sit outside just for like maybe like an hour just so to wait for the bus cuz he'll be on like a a 310. I'll be in a 410. So it makes more sense just to wait for a minute because the buses take so long to get home >> but they just like terrorize and take the piss out of me like sitting outside waiting for him. >> But there' be so many other stories so much about that. >> They're [sighs and gasps] just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] waiting. >> Yeah. Use stick your McDonald's uniforms on. Sit in front of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] camera. Record your stories for Tik Tok about McDonald's. >> I know. >> You know what I mean? Just little little little clips. Little clips. Little clips. It's just content. It is content. >> And then just say because we're gay. It always started with like because we're gay. >> You know what I mean? Gets people's interest >> cuz it it was that >> there was a story which went around as like when we first started that job. So we had we got our uniform >> and there was just like a girl's toilet and a boy's toilet, but it was literally like how a disabled toilet. It's just one toilet. The doors shut, whatever. >> We just had our uniform. So we went into the same toilet to try it on. >> Didn't do anything at all. And I say that to absolutely everybody >> and the managers spread it around that we did stuff in the toilet together. >> McDonald's is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] establishment. So I had a transgender guest on. Her name was I can't remember. K K Manwell from Australia and when she was 15 she was working at McDonald's sucking off her manager to get a promotion to become a manager. >> Wow. >> That's the sort of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that McDonald's managers are up to. >> It's our favoritizing dicks boys. >> Well, there was a few game managers to be fair. >> There was one game manager that we knew >> should have done it. >> All right, cool. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] McDonald's. Oh, wait. And then with McDonald's, we was earning >> more on OF in a week than we was earning in a month at McDonald's. >> So, we're just like, you know what? >> How did you get into what happened? >> Like, how did you decide to do any fans? >> Was on holiday, weren't we? It was in Malta. It was like, oh, I want to go back on holiday. So, we just posted a video. We started on um Have you ever heard of Unlock? >> No. [clears throat] So it's like so it's app >> kind of like mini vids. >> I don't know what that is but it's like it's an unlock thing pretty much. So you just like >> upload your videos and they are losed on that first cuz we didn't know too much about all the fans. We didn't want to like jump straight into it was earning some good money but to be fair >> and then we kind of just started the Twitter stuff. Um, and yeah, we just kind of started on the channel from there, but Twitter helps us a lot really. >> Nice. Um, only fans. >> How long have you been on it now? [snorts] >> Two years. >> No. Is it two years or a year? I think it's coming up to two years. >> Coming up to two [clears throat] years. Yeah. >> And how? >> Or two years ne next year in it. It's two years next year because you're already 19. >> Yeah, it will be. >> Yeah, >> we Yeah, it was it was good at the start to prepare. We We started off and I said, Twitter helped us a lot. Um but we kind of made a big mistake by not doing pay-per-view. >> So, we posted genuinely. We had a good amount of videos on there like over I say over 500 like long videos >> on your wall >> for >> this is for a tenner >> subscribe it was him >> and we got up to >> hundreds of subscribers >> and no one spent any money except for a tenner a month. >> Yeah, exactly. >> No need. We was Yeah, we was on like kind of like a good ratio of money, but then we kind [snorts] of seen like the decline cuz there was no one no one was kind of like wanting to stay because they've already seen all the videos for the month >> and then that's how we kind of went down. >> Is there loads of leaks of you guys online? >> Um, well, not there is but not less on only fans is bit hard, isn't it? It's too >> Yeah, true. Still be leaks of you. just be like gay couple. Do you know what I mean? A random like young gay couple. >> You can't you can't find it unless you proper >> there's a company that does it. >> They will go online and find everything that they do facial recognition. >> But I remember that finding a whole account with all our videos, everything on it. But there's for some reason I can't find it again. I think it's Oh, he reported gone now. But we also had on Twitter um we had like again loads of videos and then we just decided to delete them all. >> Clean up the page. >> Yeah. You told us, didn't you? >> No, that's doing well now to be fair. >> Is it? >> It makes sense. You see, it's how it works. If people need you need to leave something to the imagination. Do you know what I mean? They need a little bit of >> something to think of. Like >> if you've given it all to them, what's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] point? There's no point. They just go on have a wank. They're not going to subscribe to your only fans because you got everything on your wall on Twitter. >> Yeah. Well, >> how many times have you thought, "Oh, I like look at him, >> gone on to his Instagram, click the link in his bio, and then gone on to X instead of only fans and then see if there's any content there cuz like that's what you do. That's what people do." >> But we if we was to post a picture like let's say a month ago when we had loads of videos on there, I'd say a picture would get no less than 50k views. But since we cleaned up all our Twitter page, we just posted a page and it's got a million views now. >> You're welcome, generally. You're welcome. >> Um, and do you get many subs off that? Is your conversion rate any good? >> Um, really good. >> Oh, yeah. We've been getting loads like messages, people buying in the messages, if you know what I mean. >> And working with other people, what's the situation with that? Do you only work together? Do you >> What do you mean? >> Um, like collabing? Oh, well, we've been looking into it like trying to find people >> blah blah blah, >> but it's took us a while to actually >> Well, you're still young. Do you know what I mean? So, obviously like >> people in Manchester who want a club. I don't think it's hard as hard as you think it is. I could help you collab with people like obviously, you know, Andy Lee's been on this show. >> We're having to travel though, aren't we? >> You are. But it's worth it. It's what you get out of it. I can guarantee that if you were to go and spend a day at Andy's studio or a couple of days, for instance, >> you could do content with probably 10 other guys, >> solo scenes, group scenes or whatever. Do you know what I mean? So like it's >> you're then being shared on their networks and if people like look at you, which they will, >> then they become your subscribers as well. Like with everything, mate, it's if you sit in your bedroom, you never make a penny. Do you know what I mean? >> You've got to go. You've got to invest money. Look, it's your business. It's not It's not just something you do for money. It's a business, and you need to run it like a business. >> And there's not one business in the world >> that thrives without investment. You need to invest in your business. And your investment is paying money to travel, spending a couple of days away. That's that's the investment you're going to need to >> Um, whilst we're talking about getting you some views, what is your Twitter and your Only Fans account called? >> Oh, two Hots. >> Two Hotsads. I said the number two. >> Yeah. Yeah. Two >> hotlads. Andy, throw that up on screen, please. And is that the same on only fans and X? Are both the same? >> Only fans. Yeah, both of them. Yeah, >> it is. >> Sweet. >> It's all the same. >> Okay. Um, and what your subscription price is? $9.99? >> No. Um, we have it on for $11.99 I think it is. >> And do you have a discount or just leave it at $1.99 >> and then Yeah, we have discounts on now and then. >> We have 35% off. No. >> And do you do Instagram? >> No. No, we don't. >> Why? >> Um, just not got around to it. >> Get around to it. >> Yeah, we just >> like today. >> I'm not joking. Like so you know like X conversion rate. Let's say out of 100% your conversion rate is probably 2%. >> On Instagram it's more like 10%. >> So your conversion rate flipp by like >> Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. I think our I remember checking I think our Twitter >> subscriber rate I think it's like 0 >> 2% because again people go on Twitter little schemers that just want to have a quick link. >> Yeah. realistically like you're on it's like if you don't get what if you don't see what you want they're not going to be like oh yeah I'm just going to pay for their subscription unless like some people do but not many I'll just go on someone else's page cuz they'd be shagging there. >> You go to your wall and there'll be people shagging. Do you know what I mean? And >> um you just go on to their page and see if they got any old videos. It's simple. >> Actually, you know what? Today I'll check if we like you subscribed to us today and this one person subscribed. It's a deleted user. So, I think that person might have like >> taken some content. >> No, I think he might have like had a family or something like a wife. >> Oh, no, no, no. Did he buy anything? >> Yeah, he bought one thing. >> Yeah. So, what he had done is brought that, downloaded the video, and then skipped out and put it online somewhere. >> Oh, really? >> yeah. >> And did he get a payback? A charge back? >> Okay, that's good. Have you checked your chargebacks? >> No. I never heard of that. Charge work is when someone leaves, if they decide to leave, then you give them their money back without knowing >> what. >> it's different if they unsubscribe, but if they cancel their subscription and leave, then you pay them the money back. >> No, I did not. >> I'll check this check that after this. >> Yeah, you should. >> How do we get into Instagram? >> How do we What's >> Would you like to meet Andy Lee? >> Would you like to go to the studio? >> Yeah. Yeah, we would. >> Okay. So >> yeah, >> Andy Lee, you want to go to the studio? >> Oh, yeah. >> Okay, cool. I'll arrange that for you. >> Yeah, definitely. >> Before >> So, what you want to do, NOA, is start an Instagram today with the same name that you've got already for X and >> um only fans. It makes sense. Like, why not keep everything synonymous? >> Just start making reals and try and do reals with other creators. I know a guy that would love you. His name's Steve. >> Is it? He's gay, bald, got a beard. >> Older guy. >> What's his wife name? >> Probably Steve. >> I'll show you Steve. >> If I see his face now, >> cuz there is a lot. >> He's up your way. No, I don't know if it's actually London. >> No, I don't think I've seen him. >> But he's a good good creator. like really really good on Instagram, really good on fans. Um he's a gay guy. >> Thing is I notic with gays these days, not all of them look like what you expect. No. >> Do you know what I mean? Like I think of gays and I think of proper little Nancy boys and like all of them got tattoos and muscles and beards and it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> strange to me. But I suppose if you're a guy that's attracted to men and that's kind of perfect because now they look all manly. >> Yeah, true. Yeah. Well, >> but you can get some gays. It's just like wow. What is that? >> do you not do you not like um twinks? >> Oh, no. Not twink. What are they called? N what they called? What do I call them? >> No. Twins are just young gates. Is that not it? Like >> No, Twink are like >> feminine. Yeah, feminine. Let's see. Like they wear like >> nail varnish. >> Nail varnish. Get the eyelashes done, wear makeup. >> Yeah. Oh, I know one of them. There's one of them in Sheffield. >> I've never understood that like you're >> What? I've never like >> Why have you got be like come across me >> to like ever change myself? You know what I mean? Like when I was 14 to now there I don't see any kind of like difference between that. >> You're the same, aren't you? >> Yeah. like I've never don't understand because you're gay. And I think that's probably like stereotypical. People like automatically think that you're like >> And with us, we're just like completely >> Do you ever get any grief for being gay? >> Um you like getting hassle? >> Oh yeah. Um actually once I got slapped across the face from this random man for being gay. Yeah. Actually I was working at McDonald's. What? When you were in McDonald's? >> No, just after my shift ended. >> Yeah. There's some guy just sat there and I sat like how I am and he said, "How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you know you're gay?" >> Sitting I don't know why why sitting like that. >> Yeah. And he slam me across the face. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah. >> And he ran the police. It was like some like 40y old man. >> He was drunk. >> Well, there's both of you there. >> Yeah. Both. >> You should have both just stamped him >> We should have No, >> you ging you. You won't do that. No, I told him not to. >> Too much. >> I was like, can I do something? >> And the thing is, you get in trouble. You got trouble. >> That's how it is. >> Just Just leave it. It >> Yeah. Is there a Is there a man and a woman role in your relationship? >> Yeah. I'm the man. [laughter] >> He says so proud. >> Yeah. [clears throat] >> In what way? Like are you are you are you both top and bottom switches? Uh huh. >> Kind of >> 8020. 80% 20% 80% top. >> What's the deal? Tell us. >> I'll say I'm 95% top. >> 5% top for videos. >> But um 5% bottom wants to be. >> Yeah. No, >> for videos. >> You're only bottom for videos. >> Uh yeah. >> Yeah. And you prefer bottoming? >> Yeah. Fair enough. >> Yeah, that's true. >> I mean, do you know how long you took in the shower this morning? >> How long did you take in the shower this morning? >> But he says 40 minutes. I'm quite certain that it was no last. >> No, it was 40 minutes in a shower >> to do what? What did What did he actually shower? [snorts] >> Yeah, it does look shiny to be fair. Yeah, but look, >> see your automatic. I don't think right being being the woman stat by me taking pride in my appearance. >> I showed you that video of him with the bin bags. I mean, that's all. >> Yeah, but that's not feminine. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's like a mental issue. That's not actually feminine. >> It still makes him a woman. [laughter] >> So, just for context, I got these guys a hotel yesterday. Um, obviously I'm a poor fella. So I got I thought it was a decent hotel because when I'm in I beat I like to go to Ocean Beach and I was looking online and I saw a hotel called Ocean Beach. I was like it must be all right. It's got beach views and that. The pictures online didn't look bad. You must have checked it out, right? >> It looks all right. >> So I got them a room and they got there and they said it was Ming. Um, and Jake [snorts] black bags all over the bed. >> Underneath the sheet. Underneath the sheet. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You know, he had one. >> Yeah. I put So, I put the bags. I made >> OCD. [laughter] bin bags and slept on. >> No one knew you spent 40 minutes in the shower. You poor C. >> It was genuinely worth it though. It >> That sounds like hell. And did you do it as well? there like been bagged up. You if anyone would have came in that room mate I'd have thought you were a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serial killer. [laughter] >> Oh didn't think of that. Did I? No. I slept like a baby last night. Had such a good sleep. It was really bad. >> Was it Was the rustling not putting you off? >> I had AirPods in. I was watching >> I bet you did. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. >> Yeah. I was watching going on Disney boss >> mate very very very insensitive of you being a feminine and that being the woman in a relationship you should know actually they get away with it all the time being a married man I understand mate they just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do what they want they get away with it and if you dare to [clears throat and snorts] dare to do anything like that then um you're in the wrong >> yeah he's 100% the woman like he's always you're always like he's always stressing he's always ill always ill. Like I swear it's unbelievable how many times he's ill. Like a woman >> cuz he's got your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down his throat half the time. He ain't got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons. He's got sore throat. >> Probably. Yeah, it's probably that. What else? >> The plates. So would would eat upstairs in the room and he'd want to leave dirty plates on the floor till the next morning. >> Yeah. No, that's not right. >> He knows full well that he's the most laziest person you'd meet ever. He doesn't do anything. Do you make the bed in the morning? Yeah. >> Yeah. You understand what you can't you can't go outside the room leaving your bed. Just >> you go outside the room, but I like I never leave the house with my bed I'd made and >> that don't bother me. >> That makes me a woman. >> I mean, I might not need to wash up as I eat or sometimes I leave the washing up until the next day, but it's put in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kitchen water or in a dishwasher. >> But let's say like let's say we order a Chinese, you know, it's nice but it stinks. So you bet it. The last thing you want to be doing after you vet leaving like back to Chinese. >> No, it's not ideal. >> No, I just want to chill for >> Yeah, but that's fine. But when you wake up in the morning and it's still there, that's when it smells bad. Like, oh my god, I wish I'd got rid of that last night. [snorts] >> It's every day. He knows he can get away with it by saying, "Oh, just leave it till the morning." Cuz he knows I'm going to go second I eat it, go wash it downstairs. [snorts] >> Do you Do you live on your own? >> No, we live with his mom. >> Oh, right. So your mom's a wife with your shagging in the house and it >> um [clears throat] I suppose so. Not >> Have you ever had a conversation about it? Like >> no. >> She's never said no. Fair enough. >> So >> we have broke a few. We broke >> three beds. >> Three beds. >> Prop aggressive shagger. Are you? >> Yeah, must be. But I swear >> two beds. >> Yeah. I don't know what [clears throat] what bed do you get because white one >> every single bed we have the color >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] melt. [laughter] >> Oh yeah. Get a different color. >> Get a good solid oak bed. >> No, we've had a wood bed that broke. >> Yeah, wood and oak are two different things. If you got shitty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pine slats, they're going to break because they're being held in by little plastic things these days. That's not what you want. >> We had metal that broke. >> And now we've got what have we got now? the van >> them clip on >> the van bed. Yeah, >> they were all right. >> Yeah. And that's broke. So, we got a broken bed that we need to sort out and get a new one. >> That's like a good mattress. >> The whole mattress [snorts and clears throat] is off. >> Yeah, that seems like the problem. If you had a good mattress, you better break. >> We wanted to move hopefully in January. >> Why? What's the new mom? >> We want like our own Sulford. >> Yeah, like a nice >> apartment. Do you know where is it? Can't say it. Sulford Keys. >> Okay. Yeah. >> Yeah. some something like that. Nice apartment. >> Are you making good money on your fence? >> I'd say at the minute. Yeah. >> The thing is you need like to to be living independently like I know it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now. >> Things go up and down in life. You know what I mean? Like you need to make sure that your money's up, super up. So when you have a dip, you ain't got to think, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can't pay my rent now. We're getting kicked out. >> Well, that's why I want to save up. like I want to buy a house before I move out to be fair. But he wants to move. >> How much do you make a month roughly? >> Um >> currently >> at the minute with cuz like what I said with the mistake of not doing PPV and then obviously doing that kind of immediate change with like switching it to pay per view. um like let's say within the past two weeks with using like your techniques what you told us um how many I think we're on at the minute 170 fans >> which has gone from we gone from 80 >> to 170 >> but at one point we was on like 400 >> yeah that was at the start so then after just leaving it that and it set us like having all our videos just subscribe and we promote it on Twitter we was on 80, but then we've switched back to pay-per-view and it's gone up to 170 which kind of pretty good and it's it's going it's flowing. >> You get you selling much videos? >> Um yeah. Yeah, we have been now. Yeah. >> And you do it all yourself like you don't like have any help doing your social media as well. >> We have someone helping with our Twitter. >> But we do OF ourselves. >> Okay. But with um with with OF we've earned every month I say about 2,800 a month >> and then we get people that we have one guy that gives us money a month. >> What you do [clears throat] for that money? >> Um we send a tickle video. >> Tickle him. >> Tickle him. Tickle each other. >> Can you do it for free for me? >> It's not actually tickle. It's just like >> Yeah, he just does that. >> What? You send them naked. >> Yeah, I hate it. And [laughter] um we get about between >> a grand and a half to >> three grand three grand. Yeah. >> So you don't nothing sexual. Just laid there naked. >> Sometimes sexual stuff alongside it. >> Yeah. Okay. >> What do you call him? Tickle man. >> Tickle man. >> Yeah. Tickle. >> Yes. Tickle man. You're a weird pervert. Um, I got well hairy legs. No, you got very hairy legs. >> No, I got hairy legs. Is that >> You know what's funny? I had a video come off my um Snapchat from like eight years ago and it was my niece brushing my leg out. I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so funny. >> oh, actually, you know, I got a question. Where do you think like I'm from? >> Can you guess? >> Well, you're foreigner. >> No, like >> I don't know what it means, but >> like countrywise. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like my ethnicity. >> Say that one again. >> I can't say it. F ethnicity. >> I do. >> Is that cuz you're not English? >> No, I am English. >> Oh yeah. So why would I guess where you're from? >> No. No. But like I've got three. >> Can you guess? It's really hard. >> Romanian? >> Polish? >> German? Quarter Bangalesh? Are >> you actually? >> Yeah. And half Northern Irish. Quarter English. So your mom is Bangladeshi English? >> No, my mom's full. >> So what do the Muslims think of your career then? Do they know? >> are you a Muslim? >> Yeah, they know. And no, I'm not Muslim. >> Just your family is >> just my family. Yeah. >> Yeah, they know. And it's >> it's a major sin. >> Be spinning in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this. He >> won't heal last. Uh >> yeah. So what we will call you >> father this guy >> my cousins they're from Pakistan and they'll call you baba >> uncle. >> What >> what this babe is >> daddy is it? >> Go on. You do know you can cuz I know what it is. Tell me what it is. [snorts and laughter] >> Old man. >> Thanks. >> No I'm joking. >> Who's your mate? >> Mate. Oh, what I get called? I get called agora >> cuz you're white. >> Yeah. Or coconut or milk bar. >> Do you speak I do? >> do you speak? I do. >> No. No. >> You just don't. >> A few words. >> A few words. Like >> Alhamdulillah. [laughter] >> Good lad. Good lad. >> I wouldn't have guessed it. And you're Scottish. >> Scottish. >> You look [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Scottish. No, I'm just for English. >> No one's full English. >> I might need to do a session. >> Afro pubes. >> I think everyone has a pub, mate. >> I don't >> I see your pubes. >> I see your pubes. I didn't see you now or not. >> You see his pup then? >> Do you want to see his pubes? >> His pubes are like his hair. >> Yeah, man. Exact same. Well, when the proper bushes like proper like >> Muslim pubes, >> I need to shave. >> You got Muslim pubes? >> Uh, yeah. I think actually now I I grow like a Muslim. >> This hair? Yeah. Like every morning I get a mon which I hate. It's bad. I swear >> the Bangladeshi battles. >> The Yeah, >> Bengali Bman. Oh, fantastic. >> Oh, one one hot lad. So called one bangal lad. One Bengali lad. >> Brilliant. Brilliant. >> Have you ever been um Have you ever been to Juma? >> Mhm. >> Have you ever been to a mosque? >> Yeah, I've been to mosque to um like for my granddad where he died. >> All right. >> Yeah. Rest in peace. >> Mah. Yeah. >> All of that. >> But um yeah. >> Is that why you're a top? Because obviously it'd be really really haram to be to be bottom all the time. >> It would be But I mean uh No. I just like it feels like it's uh >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your ass. >> No. It's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coming out and then going back in [clears throat] back out. It's like being consumed. >> Do you not douche? >> Do you not douche before you shag? >> Please tell me you know what douching is. >> No. I don't know how you do that. >> Do Do you douche? >> I'm always clean. >> He's always clean. It's weird. >> What do you eat? What's your diet like? >> Oh, it's bad. >> But he's always clean. >> To be fair, >> when I do go to Thailand, >> um I always use baby wipes. No, I don't use >> Yeah, but it's nice. That's only on the outside, isn't it? What's on the inside? >> Always clean. for your ass. I don't I'm naked, spotless, shiny. >> Jesus, >> it's weird. He's always clean. I don't know how. But yeah, >> don't complain, mate. Don't complain. I know. >> And then he's always scring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out everywhere. >> Pushing my poop up and doing >> That's That's why the act of um sodomy is called getting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pushed back. >> Have you never heard like getting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pushed back? >> No. Never had that someone say that. >> I don't know how you do though. I don't get it. >> Well, basically there's this thing. It's like a ball and it's got like a like a funnel at the top of it. >> And [clears throat] it's a flexi ball and you fill it with water and then you stick out your ass. >> Squeeze it up. Take it out. >> And then um I tried doing that with a a shower thing. >> Yeah. It's not good. It's too much pressure. >> Yeah. And I was on the It just wouldn't start. >> No, [clears throat] it's not good. It's too much pressure. just [laughter] go cuz that would go into your bowels and then around your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] intestines. You'd have water coming out for weeks. >> I didn't know that. >> Yeah. It's like if you had a colonic irrigation I have. >> What's that? >> It's a It's like where they put this tube in your ass. >> Um I had like bad guts for like a month once and I was really concerned before. I don't like going hospitals and taking medicines and that. So went to get chronic irrigation and they put this like tube like this >> up your ass and then they flush you. So they they put fluid in and you feel it going around your intestines and it's proper weird. Makes me go funny now. But it goes up your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like through your intestines and then like it extracts all of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and all of the bad stuff like bits of Mars bar that you at like 10 years ago will be coming out of this pipe and you can see it going into the tank. >> Oh, that's disgusting. >> Yeah. Says the gays it licks bums. >> That's a bit too far. You don't you don't you don't have to go there. >> I won't go there. >> Sorry, mate. [laughter] I know from friends of mine that being in gay relationships, lesbian ones specifically, but being in gay relationships quite normally volatile >> arguments and fights like it's more there's more domestic violence in gay relationships than there is >> Yeah, there is >> anywhere else. >> 100%. >> Oh, we had fights. We had fights. I love them. >> Who wins? He wins. Cody, he loves it. >> I always wins. I always win. He I >> Do you have like proper fights? Like proper fist fights? >> Um have you ever knocked him out? >> No, but I don't like >> He just throws stuff. >> Yeah, I've he picked up anything in his hand. He threw forms at me. >> Is there something in my hand? If there's something nearby, I'm going to grab it and throw it. >> Right. You are a Muslim. Have you ever thrown a slipper? >> Yeah, I am. [laughter] You know what? I can if I put on a slipper, I can throw it and catch it and go like that. Yeah. >> Like that? >> Yeah. I do it to my sister all the time when I do it. It's funny. >> See who taught you that? myself. I watch my auntie do it. >> Yeah. Of course. >> You do it to my cousins. >> Yeah. Professional. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lovely. >> Funny t. Um so we're talking about getting you down to Andel Studio. what's the situation? Would you be open both of you or one of you or would you be open for collabing with other people in a bottom or a top sense or what would you >> It's more Yeah. >> See with me I personally I prefer people like around my age. So it's like kind of like getting around things like it's a bit difficult for me. Um I I find it difficult to get hard at all anyway. Even if it's just me wanking or if we're doing stuff, you know, I find it always hard. >> How would you feel if he was like, "Fuck it." Should I be a bottom? And like, so for instance, if there was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scene with like five guys and you were one of the guys and he was the bottom, how would you feel in that situation? Would you go home and throw a zipper? >> Um, no. It would probably work around it to be fair. >> Like I would figure out >> Would you be open-minded to being in that situation though? >> Cuz I know like I'm I'm taking you out of it. I'm not asking you. I'll ask you in a minute. But >> how would you feel about cuz like to me I feel like it'd be worse watching my partner get sucking loads of dicks and getting come on their face than it would be actually. I don't know. It's very weird. >> Yeah, I'd rather like I'll do it with him to be failed. So, >> Yeah. Okay. Definitely. >> Good. That was the right answer. >> Oh, definitely. Cuz like Yeah. You'd be reassuring him kind of thing. Like you' be like, "Yeah, I'll do it with you. That's good. I like that. I think you love him." Do you love it? >> That's nice. That's cute. >> That's good. That was the right answer. Um, but would you >> I know like at Andy's studio, I don't know if you've seen >> some of the scenes. >> Yeah, we have. >> It's quite It's quite um >> wild. >> definitely. I you know, I love his videos on Instagram. I watch them. I find them >> he's funny, is he? >> He's he's funny. Yeah, he's he's real. But the thing is there's no obligation in doing like like content that you don't have to go there and suck dicks. Like it's not like if you go you suck dicks. Like you could just go >> be around the guys, do loads of social media stuff, and if you felt comfortable >> doing the other stuff, I'm sure like Yeah, you could do what you wanted to do. >> Yeah, we could do >> start off a bit slow, not like jumping into the deep end straight away. Maybe like start with some like you said Instagram, maybe some Twitter promotion >> and then like working up to like other things that because we've not really actually done a proper flap. So >> yeah. Well, I'll introduce you to him. >> We'll make it happen in the next like let's say within the next month. I'll make sure you get >> I think we might have gone granary in like 5 days. >> All right. Well, after that >> we haven't booked it. We haven't booked it yet. Well, when you go back. >> Um, yeah. I have to be after my concert. I'm going to >> What concert? >> I'm going sing Katy Perry. >> That something like gay things. >> So good. >> That's something >> he's obsessed with Katy Perry. >> Since I was a kid. >> Since I was a kid though. >> I love Katy Perry. No one will out beat her. >> Really? I mean, everyone's out. She's not really great. >> Yes, she is. No, no, it's not like that. Statistically, she's not. >> She died 10 years ago. >> No, she's the best. >> She died when she married Russell Brand. Really? >> I don't like Russell Brand. >> What? Cuz why? >> Cuz he broke her heart out. >> He didn't break her heart. >> Yes. >> She divorced him. >> What happened? Tell me the whole story. >> Okay. [laughter] Before Katy Perry was getting up on stage for a tour, which was in Big Las Vegas, um Russell Brand broke up with Kate Perry over text message. the second she was about to get on stage. >> Oh, nice. >> Yeah, it was a bit horrible. >> Yeah. What a wank of Russell. That was very out of order. Now, I'll tell you this. I've read both of Russell Brand's books, Bookie Wiki and Bookie Wiki, too. Fantastic books. And I tell you what, some of the most >> if there's a film on with Russell Brand, I won't watch it. >> No, I refuse to. I as well. >> So, you've never seen Forget Sarah Marshall? >> I don't. I don't. >> Brilliant films. Watch. Watch. Forget Sarah March without him. >> You're a twist, man. Of course. >> Are you not allowed to watch? >> No, I'm not allowed to listen. You know, Taylor Swift. >> Not allowed to listen to Taylor Swift. >> Because Taylor Swift and K had an argument about 10 years ago. If he heard Taylor Swift in a restaurant, he'd get up and walk out. >> If he would pull on grab his manifold with his nails, >> I can't stand music. Can't stand songs. Why are you such That's an absolute diehard fan. That is the gayest thing you've said all day. And >> yeah, that is probably the gayest thing about me. Like if I don't like Taylor Swift at all, >> brand anyone that's offended K. >> That's mad. >> Only do you feel like her guardian? >> Yeah. Like I was in a takeaway once and as soon as I went in, Shake It Off was on and I crossed the road and went to a different takeaway. >> What is Shake? Is that a song from Kenya Swift? Taylor Swift. >> I'm not going to sing it for you. >> Go on. >> How's it go? No. >> Can you sing? >> Uh, no. >> Can >> I mean I do karaoke. >> Go on then. Let's hear a song. >> Do the Katy Perry one. Um, wrecking ball. That's Miley Cyrus. >> That's Miley Cyrus. >> Californiaation. California. >> California girls. >> Yeah, that's the one. >> It's a bit of a bad song to sing. >> Why do Nick Snip? >> Oh yeah. Yeah. I do know it. I'm more better than Dark version. >> Tone really turn up because again heavy. Wow. Wow. West gods. These are the gods I love the most. I mean like she's the one. She's the one. Kiss her. Char, squeeze her. The girls, drive a Jeep. >> I'm okay. >> Word for word. >> Brilliant. Brilliant. That would be a great real. [laughter] >> Absolutely. Um, I'll do it side by side. [laughter] >> I'll merge it. So, it's Katy Perry singing and just you actually singing with her video. >> Yeah. Maybe you look like Snoop Dogg. I won't do that. [clears throat] >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell, boys. >> Wait, Jesus, but um weed joint instead. >> Is that what he wraps into? >> That's what the song's about, isn't it? >> You got that in the tank. Can you do you >> probably get a band to be >> Well, um >> don't do that. >> No, don't do that. [snorts] >> So, like I know you're only young, but do you like think ever one day either one of you want kids? >> No. Money all the way. >> Why? Yeah. >> And a dog. >> Oh, yeah. I want a dog. >> What dog do you want? >> Um I have a really really bad phobia of animals. >> Be careful what you say about this dog cuz it's really going to like say a lot about you too. >> I want a white husky. >> White? >> Oh, not gay. That's a Polish dog. >> The only people that have white huskys are Polish people. What I want >> and I can't afford wild ocuis so they get white German shepherds instead. >> I want a blue eye and green eye. >> Like different colored eyes. >> But the logic is is that he's scared of every single animal. >> He hates dogs. >> So you're going to get one that looks like a wolf. >> He wants He hates cats, hates worms, hates everything. >> Absolutely everything he hates. >> Why do you hate animals? >> What? No, I love animals. >> Just get mop phobia. >> Get over it. It's easy. I used I used to I'm the most animal person you'd ever meet, bro. Like there's not an animal that scares me. There's not an animal I won't touch and hold. I'd sleep in a bed with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I wouldn't sleep in bed with tiger, but you know what I mean? >> Yeah. I wouldn't >> Like >> I I've played with tigers. I got pictures with me with tigers. >> No, I didn't know you do that. >> The thing is everyone's like, "Oh, they're sedated. They're not sedated." But there are trainers there that know how to handle their animals. Obviously, anything could happen. >> You just never know what they're going to do. You don't think that's scary. >> Yeah. But so what what's the worst that happens? You die. >> I get bit. >> It's going to happen, isn't it? >> I've been chased by three dots. >> Do you know why you got chased? >> I'll tell you why you got chased. >> Cuz I was scared cuz they sense my >> Because you were running. >> No. And what I don't like is that they can sense my fear. That scares me. >> They sensed your fear because you were running. >> I bet they started chasing you after you ran from them. They probably looked at you like, "Oh, no. I'm going." And then >> and then they started running after you and then you got chased. >> Don't run. It's It was a Chihuahua and >> and it was it was >> an 18y old gay kid getting chased around the block by a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Chihuahua. >> No, I was young at that time. >> Get chased by a bird. >> 13. Oh, no. You about the bird? >> So, when I used to live in like this like campsite at one point, um there was I was walking this where you got >> You're a gay Muslim gypsy. Keep going. >> No, not really. Well, yeah, gypsy, but >> pretty much Romanian. >> I was walking. >> That was my first guess anyway. >> I missed the bus. No, the bus just drove straight past. I was going to school. This massive like bird, I swear to God, it was about this big. It was massive. Think you call it a pelican? Is that pelicans in England? Well, there's no pelicans in Manchester. >> No, it was in um it was on live living lives. >> You know, St. Ans. >> Um Liver Blackpool. >> Oh, Blackpool. Yeah. >> Yeah. I know. Preston. It's in the middle of Preston in black platform. >> Where it was. It was a massive bird >> and it tried to bite me. It was horrible. That scared me. >> You shot it on a stalk. >> Yeah. It was like a stalk. It was massive. I swear it was about >> that big and it tried to bite you. >> Yeah. I was walking past. >> What made you think it was trying to bite you? >> Cuz I was I was walking. I was crying my eyes out cuz my mom was having massive go at me for missing the bus twice. >> And the bus twice. It just drove past me. >> It just went straight past. I put my hand down and it just looked at me and just went was horrible and I was crying. This bird just goes like that straight at me. I'm like that. >> Was it was flying like that? >> No, it went flying. It just stood there. >> So you just stood next to this giant >> bird. >> At a bus stop. >> No, it was I was walking back to the caravan. I can see it on my head. It was like near a pond. >> Okay, >> that's what he's on about. So that's why I don't like animals. >> Get over your fear, mate. They're lovely things. >> And then a few weeks ago, I got got chased by another dog. >> It was >> Why Why did it chase you? >> Because he was there putting sounds that trigger dogs basically. >> What sounds trigger dogs? >> Like noise on YouTube. >> And then we was in Kate Verie and it was a wild dog. Oh, >> and the next minute just starts running at me. Oh, it's horrible. [sighs] >> Did you throw something at him again? >> No, lucky I can run fast. >> What about German shepherds? >> I love German shepherds. >> Yeah, I like German shepherds. >> I rescued one um two years ago. I rescued a seagull last week actually. >> A seagull? >> Yeah. Um my wife found it. It had a leg missing and it couldn't fly. that was underweight and so we took it home, had it in the garden in a box. Um the dogs kept trying to play with it so we put in the garage and then every morning I take it out, hold him, put my fingers on his back and like he'd move his wings real slowly to try and fly. So I just like run around with him so like he'd think he was flying >> like do you know what I mean? It's just nice. It's like cuz he might be dead now. And my thing is like imagine like if you had a dog and it was about to die and it was all underweight and that wouldn't it be nice if you could like help it to run through the grass one last time. You know what I mean? So I guess [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I just held him and like he was flapping his wings >> and he didn't have enough to like propel anything. So I thought bucket it. >> Oh wow. >> Um I just do that and then we took him to a restaurant. >> No leg, >> huh? He had one leg missing and he couldn't even stand up on the leg. He had he was so weak. >> Oh that's terrible. >> So he is probably sleeping now but it is what it is. We've done our bit. Um, I love animals, mate. >> Rest in peace, seagull Hawkins. >> You know, there's no such thing as a seagull. >> What? [clears throat] >> There's like five different types of goal as a bird, but there's no actual seagull. People just call them seagulls because they always they're goals that always fly near the sea. >> So, what is it actually called then? >> There's different types of them. >> Really? >> Yeah. Different types of gold. >> Did you know they're called goals? Yeah, because you said it to me every time and then like [laughter] you talk about it. >> Baba, Google it. [laughter] >> Oh, fair enough. [snorts] >> I thought I thought you just done on the screen. Sorry. Um, >> so what do you want to how do you see your career maneuvering as you >> get older? Cuz you say money only. You don't want kids. >> You see yourself staying in the industry. So, how do you see it like developing? >> It's it's we're get we're gaining more every day. >> Like I think we've gained today like on Twitter probably about 500 followers on it. So, we're gaining more every single day, which is good. And I want to like invest money into stuff. >> We just want to I think our target is just earning money, get a house or apartment and then pretty much just keep earning money. We want to buy an apartment in Spain. >> Yeah, makes sense. >> Proper like >> buy a house in Spain. I'll tell you why. Cuz when you buy a house, I'll give this advice to anyone, especially first- time buyers. Don't buy a flat, buy a house. If you can buy a house somewhere else for the same price you can buy a flat where you want it, buy the house elsewhere. Cuz when you buy a flat, you own your flat. You literally own two walls. You don't own the ground. When you buy a house, you own a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you own a piece of land. You own where your house is. You don't get that when you buy a flat. You can pay the same price for a house on a flat, >> but when you buy a flat, you don't own anything. >> So, we want to buy an apartment. >> Yeah, but that's what you get out of an >> It's like 80 grand. You can buy a house for 80 grand. >> I know houses in like place where we build up like you can't get a nice house. >> No, you can buy do a wrapper and then spend the next two years with the money you make doing it up into an expensive. >> That's what we're doing with the apartment. We're going to do up and then rent it out. >> Fair enough. >> It is in a nice area. >> But me advice is go for a house if you can go for a house. >> You know Grano, don't you? >> You know Puerto Rico. >> Yeah. just like on like the main area though. See the sea? >> Yeah. Fed. >> It's pretty good for eight grand. >> It's hard to save money though. It's not easy to save 80 grand. Especially when you're going to concerts all the time and Kate Perry's hopping over. [snorts] >> Not saved a pound yet. [sighs] >> You got you got no bills to pay. Do you pay bills at your m? >> Yeah. You pay 300 rent. >> Don't pay. >> So what did you waste your money for? >> What' you waste your money for? >> Last year we spent it all on this one hotel. We went like seven times. >> This one hotel. >> Where? >> Crunken area. >> I love that hotel. >> Why'd you go to the same place? >> Cuz it's the best hotel ever. >> It's not. >> It is. >> No, I can guarantee it's not. >> Yeah. Some people might say not, but just the the work is >> the best hotel you've been to. >> Doesn't mean it's the best one in the world. You're never going to find another one if you keep going to the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one. >> Well, we've been to other ones, but [clears throat] we >> And if if it's also if it's taken all of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, probably time you stopped going there. >> If you want to buy a house in Grand Canaria, >> 1,400 each two weeks. >> That's not too bad. >> All inclusive. >> Yeah, that's all right. >> I think it's pretty good price. >> Yeah. Do you put bin bags on the bed? No, I just I just bring a blanket. That's it. But I'm all right. I'm used to that. >> Like a duvet? >> No, just like a >> just like a blankie. >> Blanket. Yeah. Like Yeah. >> That's funny. >> After one or two days, I get used to it. >> I'm fine after that. >> Yeah. Fair. >> I can sleep anywhere. >> Anywhere. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you take drugs even now? >> Used to. Not anymore. >> You got me to stop. >> Good. What drugs did you take? >> Um, weed, cocaine, cat. >> That's not a deal, is it? >> Cocaine is terrible. >> I used to be real skinny though. >> Did you? >> I mean, you still are. You mean like I gained loads of weight though. >> If you look through the well videos, >> they used to be like fat. I lost weight in three months. >> What if from doing When did you stop When did you stop doing drugs? Um, >> is this a recent thing? >> A recent You only been together for two years. >> We've been together for three years. >> were you doing drugs when you met or did you just start doing it like >> No, I did I started drugs I think when I was 14. >> I stopped when I was 16. >> Or 17. >> Yeah. When I was 17. >> Fair. >> No. I don't know. 16 or 17. I stopped. >> You think you've been together forever? Sorry. >> Yeah. Should you get married? >> No, I'm joking. Yeah. [laughter] >> A lot. Would not like that. >> Do you know what? Um I read this thing recently. I like reading weird books. And >> don't you sit there and read? >> Do you know how you can just sit there and read? >> I don't read much. I read like segments. If I find like there's a good passage in something and I'll read it. I wouldn't like I don't like to read too many books these days. Um but it said that in the Bible originally that um it didn't say that men shouldn't be with men. There was a section before it was translated that said that older men and younger men shouldn't be together. >> Yeah. Like they need to stop like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fully grown men [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 14y old boys. And that's pretty much what was written >> in the in the in the religious books. But then when it got translated and translated and translated, it got written as man and man shouldn't be together. But that wasn't actually what it was supposed to be saying. >> Yeah, it probably is. You know, cuz I I mean they say in the Bible, love thy neighbors and um treat everyone how you want to be treated. M. >> So why are they trying to say now that gay marriage should be a thing? >> Exactly. >> You got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gay priests. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. Exactly. My head teacher in my first high school used to be a priest >> and then he became a head teacher cuz >> you can't be gay. Priest. >> No. Did it? >> It's called Mr. Waller. >> Mr. Waller. Shout out Mr. Voila. Yeah, big gay. >> bastard. >> You sing a song too. You know the song e o bang. >> Banging. Hopefully hopefully he's watching this. Proud proud guy. What's Did you So where you grew up? Is it near each other? >> Pretty much. Not too much. About 20 minutes away. >> pretty close. So, when's Katy Perry in England? >> 6th of October, I think it is. >> So, you don't want to go to Andy Studio before that? >> I think I'm going to travel all like all over UK >> to [snorts] do what? >> To see a house four times. >> Yeah. Three, four times. >> We went to Coldplay everywhere. We went to Coldplay twice. >> You want to go to K twice? >> I want to go. No, >> that's only reasonable. You went to his thing twice. go to your thing twice. >> We're going to go again tomorrow to the co but we was like no >> why what's the same playlist? Right. >> Same songs, same location. >> I want to I want to get up on the stage. >> Well, Kate Perry. >> Have you messaged her? [clears throat] >> of course you have. That's it. >> It's on my emails. >> Email. >> She emailed you back. >> That's part >> why why did you not message on Instagram or something? They won't let me message him more than once. >> He was on Kate Perry's live on Tik Tok and um he was like, "Please say my name. Please say my name. Please say my name." And she said said, "Hi, Bailey." And he started bursting out crying. >> Yeah. I love >> Did you record it? >> Got a video. >> Yeah, I got a video. Hi Bailey. >> And that was it. >> Like any emotion to it or like did you hi Bailey? >> No. She exactly went hi Bailey and I was like oh my god I cried. >> She knows you. Did you message me? Did that when you emailed her been like, "Oh, you just said my name." So like next time next time you're in England, we need to go for dinner. [laughter] >> You like that? >> Gay is the gay talk. Is it? >> Hi Kate Perry. [laughter] >> No >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Katy Perry. >> But I want to get up on the stage at the Kate Perry stage. >> Rush it. >> Rush the stage. >> No. No. I can't do that. >> Why are you so angry? You got like proper nerves, isn't you? Don't go behind the McDonald's. You can't rush the stage. No, I have No, I'm I have no social awareness. Like I'll do anything in public. >> Rash the stage then. >> go and give her a cuddle. >> Just get up and be like, I'm Bailey. Remember me? Is that my name? >> I am going to get up on the stage. Like I know she's going to pick me out of everyone. >> Oh, damn. >> I'm going to hold a sign. It says I'm Bailey. >> Different. >> Say remember me. [laughter] I'm Bailey. >> Yeah. Well, [snorts] I will get up on that stage >> and then you Good luck. >> You can edit it on on the >> If you do. >> I'll give you £500 if if she calls you up on that stage. >> You know, I said this to someone. I said if I get up on stage, you have to give me 10 grand. He said, "No." >> No. I'll give you 500 quid. >> 500 quid? >> Yeah. Okay. Deep. >> Yeah. All right. Cool. >> Do a shake on it. No, I don't know where your hands have been, mate. >> Glad you had to smell them. >> You got prop little hands, didn't you? Is that gay thing? >> You got little hands. >> You got tiny hands. >> Tiny. >> Yeah, you got something wrong with you. >> Yeah, there's just no gross as I was, you know. >> Give him that cop. No, don't give him that cop. >> Will you get banned for that? >> Probably not. >> Yeah, let's do it. Wait, has it been up anyone's >> now? No, it's not been Oh, it's too hard. I can make dicks look massive. >> I bet you can. >> God bless you. >> How many inches is that? >> Um, well, that's my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the semi. >> Well, that's your dick. >> Are you serious? >> Now, put it back. You touching it. >> [laughter] >> How do you manage to do that? >> Have you ever seen a tube called Kona Willie? >> But basically, I put it in the first time I tried. The second time I should do it. [snorts] Couldn't stay hard in it. Like it was really weird because it's like >> I was erected and then I put it in. I was like, "Oh shit." Like I weren't watching porn. I weren't touching it. And it's like it's very hard to just keep an erection in a cold tube of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gel. >> It's cold as well. >> Yeah. It's like what? And you got to keep in it for like 2 minutes. Do you know what I mean? It's like I'm doing nothing nothing with I can't even move it. You know what I mean? I'm just doing nothing. Just keeping still. And I can't move either cuz like if I start moving the gel starts moving and the mold is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So >> yeah, it started going softer and like it just a bit smaller at the top, etc. But yeah. >> Are you circumcised? >> Yeah, I thought so. >> It's quite obvious, isn't it? >> Are you? >> Good luck. You think I'll be circumcised though, wouldn't you? >> You should be. >> Yeah, but I won't. >> That's a liy. They must have just known. They like, he's not going to be Muslim for long. [laughter] >> I'm glad I went circumcised though. >> It feels better, doesn't it? >> Sorry. >> What? Sorry. >> Grandad. >> Oh, my granddad was saying like, "Oh, yeah. To me, I should get circumcised." >> Why you still have tickle tackle? >> Yeah. We shouldn't get circumcised. >> You should. It's good. His selfie is clean. >> His selfie is clean. And then you can bring words to him. >> Did you tell him he was shagging bums at that point? >> No, I was like, "Yeah, I think about it." >> He didn't know what gay was though. >> No, he didn't know. I don't think he knew what gay was. >> I definitely know what gay was. >> I think it was. >> He was 76. >> I said when he died, >> you can't go 76 years. >> You know what homosexual is? Everyone knows what homosexual is. Thing is, you can be ignorant of it and pretend you don't know what it is. Huh? He's dead. Remember >> what? My granddad. >> I'm not being horrible about it. Can't disrespect. He's watching. >> Listen, RIP. I'm not being horrible. But if you were ignorant to the fact that your grandson was a gay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Is what it is, mate. He died happy. >> How did he die? >> He died so many things. No, he had pneumonia, dementia, diabetes. >> when did he got it? >> When did he got it? Um, when was it? I think it was 3 days after he asked me out. So 14th, I forget what he died. >> Three days after he asked you out. >> Yeah. So he died on 14th. We got together on 17th >> of what? >> November. >> How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do I know it was November? What year? What? Last year. This year >> 2022. >> December. >> Yeah, it was. >> Oh, December. Yeah. 2022. 17th December 2022. >> Okay, cool. >> Thanks. [laughter] [gasps] >> You just said it to my head already. >> I said it to you in my head. >> Yeah. Got to use your mouth to speak. Um what? Um [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Do you like So you weren't openly gay until you left school. So like any of your friends think like has anyone said anything like any of your old mates been like oh yeah you're gay didn't expect that I told I told majority of classmates with that >> just mainly my family who didn't know >> did everyone accept it in your family >> his mom left his mom was like why did you tell me sooner >> really I think the main thing what put me off not telling her was it was like, so let's say you know I agreeing with your mom or whatever, she'd be like, "Oh, you won't treat your you won't treat your wife like that or your girlfriend like that." >> And it was them kind of comments that like really me. >> Um, so I think it was just kind of like buildup of them kind of things, but >> didn't make me not want to tell her. >> Bless you. >> Um, we're getting a tattoo when I go back home. Yeah. Do you know what I'm getting? Do you want to have a guess? A picture of Schmegle on your big toe. >> No, on my big toe right here. I've always wanted it for so long. I'm getting a camel >> because you're a Muslim. >> No. So I could be like, look at this. I've got a camel. So I got to wait for >> So what would you do if he was one day like actually I feel like I identify as a female? Like I want to transition. >> You know what we spoke about? I said that. Yeah. I said the other day I was like what would you do if I told you that I was transgender? Oh, >> it's not for me. >> Yeah, but you love him, right? >> I want [snorts] to change. >> Would you leave him? >> I'll say if you got black hair and >> What if I black hair got >> trying to get hair? >> Yeah, if you look like Kerry then. Yeah, 100%. >> You got blue eyes. Yeah. >> No, Kar's got the same eyes as me. >> What color are your eyes? I don't know. Green. >> I can't see your hair is really putting a shadow over your face. >> They're greeny. Are they not blue? >> Green. Green. Blue. Hazel. >> Okay. I thought she had blue eyes. >> Brown. >> I really don't know much about K. She's got fringe. >> She's really pale. >> So, I'm the worst person to ask. >> You color blind? Yeah. Green and red. >> But also all the colors. >> Very confusing. [snorts] What's happening? What you said? What hurts your brain? >> Oh, yeah. What hurts my brain is if I see green and green and red together, it starts. >> You ever seen red on brown? What color is my red? >> Red. >> How do you know? >> I don't know. I just know. >> But you don't just know cuz it's on a gray background. So, you shouldn't see that as red. You should see that as brown. >> I know. But it's red there and all that's gray. >> What about over there in them shoes? What color are those socks? Red and the shoes are green or green. Brown. >> So you can't see brown very well. >> No, I don't think you can. >> No, you can't. >> I I don't know. >> Oh, no. Because you see green as brown. So >> because you see green as brown, you see brown as >> you know that test you can do. I've done it on my phone. You've gone to um >> what is it that >> I don't know what you call I say dentist then, but I don't know why. What do you call it now? Opticians. >> Yeah. No, they're two different Oh, one for the eye, one for the tooth. Yeah. Yeah, >> I went to that and they did a test to me >> and Yep. color blind. >> God bless you. Um, if you got an offer to work with like a gay porn company, would you do it? >> As in what? >> Being bottoms for a gay porn company. >> How much? >> Don't know. What do you mean by well >> like if they said like do you want to come and do some scenes with us where you'll be sucking and getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Yeah. I say how much? >> Yeah. For the price. Yeah. >> You do it for a price. >> Yeah. 100%. >> Okay. So, do you guys have you got to have like an agreement that you're both there or could would you be happy with him going off to do it or >> depends how much we're earning >> if all depends on price. I feel I'd say I' I'd be more comfortable with both. >> Yeah. But if I mean if we're earning loads of money then I I'll do anything. >> So 500 quid is enough for a shoot for you? >> no >> no way. >> I don't know what the going rate is these days for a bottom. I don't know. >> No I'm not doing 500 for a shoot. Definitely not. >> I don't know how much pay. Um but there is a company. I'll give you the details later. They have messaged loads of my friends um about what's it called? >> It's best when they come to you. I can never I've asked track GBT for like all this certain stuff. >> you've asked him what >> like for only fans management and for >> You've asked chat GPT for only fans management. >> I'm confused. What? >> It helps. It's weird. >> I don't know. It just does. >> So much inside. >> It just tells you what to do. You mean >> Yeah, it like only fans management near >> Oh, so like you you Google like >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm so old and I >> do not use chat GPT. >> No, use [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Google, mate. >> No chat GPT. >> Chat GPT will be your Google. >> It honestly it tells you everything. >> It does. >> I still make phone calls as well, boys. Can you believe it? >> Mental like >> one of them like no [clears throat] >> one of those older >> hi. >> I know that one. >> No. Yeah. What are they called now? It's >> telephones. >> Telephones. Yeah. Is [snorts and clears throat] that what it's called? Really? >> I thought it's like >> No, it wasn't. It was always a telephone. Then when mobiles come out, you called it a landline. >> Yeah. I remember when mobiles came out. How about that? I remember when mate when I grew up there was no internet. How about that? >> Thought I had no Wi-Fi as a kid either. >> Yeah. Because you're a Muslim and poor. >> No, that's cuz my mom was poor. >> Yeah. Like >> my dad had Wi-Fi. >> Did he? >> Mom didn't. She always refused to. That's horrible. >> So your mom's the Muslim. >> Your dad's Muslim. >> My dad's the Muslim. >> But my dad doesn't believe in the religion. Really? >> I do not. >> He believes in science. >> Oh, he's half and half off, isn't he? >> So he's half chat Muslim. >> He's always been into science and believes in evolution and stuff like >> Good lad. That's what I believe in to be fair. >> But also I believe in reincarnation to >> Oh, I don't. >> I think when you die it's a blackout. That's it. You're gone. >> Body and soul gone. >> No, I think reincarnation. >> Yeah. I mean, you are a Muslim after all. You would believe that, wouldn't >> No, it's not. >> Do you not believe in reincarnation? >> You believe in heaven and hell. >> Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. I don't believe in heaven and hell, man. I know. It just doesn't make sense. >> Going to an eternal sleep. >> It's like a TV show. The good place is a snail. Have >> you watched The Good Place? No, >> no, no. >> Um, anything you want to say, shout out, talk about? >> Any topics? Go on then. >> Bunny Blue. >> What about Bunny? >> I want to meet her. I want to do a video of her. >> Bunny. >> You want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bonnie Blue? >> No. Well, >> what kind of videos you think you going to do with her? That's the only She let me probably put you in a room where you could [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her. >> So, I don't interested in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> No. Wait. >> So, what would you like to do? more like I have a scene in my head where say it was like a role playing and you you said trying to make two gay straight or something like that. >> Yeah. But then for her for it to make sense to her, >> she'd have to make two gay straight >> like it wouldn't do you know what I mean? It wouldn't be invested >> like her stuck in I say >> you blocks. >> Yeah. Would you? But he say I feel like he says this all this stuff but I don't I don't think it's very much picked up or not. Not that >> he thinks you all talk. >> Everything has a price tag for me. >> He says he says Kat. >> Would you shag her? >> Think you'd be able to. >> Are you sexually attracted to Katy Perry? >> Is that cuz she looks like a man or is it because you might be bisexual? >> No. Something about Katy Perry that I just don't understand. Like >> she's a bit manly. She is a bit manly. >> She's like, "Oh, I think she's a bit manly." >> I don't know. I just like her. >> I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all about her. Is she manly? >> All I know is she's got a fringe >> and big she have a fringe now. >> Is she not? >> No. That's a wig. >> She always has wigs on, doesn't she? >> She fringe that she has. >> That used to be a fringe. >> That's a That's a wig. >> Is she bald? >> No, normal. >> What's normal? So why does she wear a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wig if she's not if she's got normal hair? >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, it's women are confused. >> Wait, can I say >> no wonder you're gay? >> Wait, I want to say something to Bonnie Blue cuz this is getting posted. >> Go on then to the camera. >> I want to say Bonnie and Blue. Do you want to turn to gay lad straight? >> Can't wait. [laughter] >> You blinked. >> I can't wait. >> Yeah, you did. >> Yeah, you look like you're about to have a seizure. >> Yeah, I can't wait. You >> want to try it again? >> Go on then. Um, >> Bonnie Blue, do you want to send two gay lads straight? Is that good? >> Yeah. Fantastic. >> Perfect. >> Bonnie, they want you. I don't know why, but if you want to come and talk about it, Bonnet, come down here to the naughty little podcast. I'll eat you, Fanny. [laughter] And on that note, I'm going to close this off and finish up. Happy. >> Yeah, perfect. >> Thanks for coming. I bet. >> That's right, mate. >> Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] babys. >> I want to see that. Big ass. You're a massive sausage.

- First Week on OnlyFans as a FACELESS CREATOR w ZERO FOLLOWING: Kind: captions Language: en hello I am Cara and this is my video about my first week on only fans so let's have a little relaxing chat about it full disclosure I had done only fans a long time ago and I did not have really great advice starting out and I I didn't have yeah I just didn't know what I was doing and it became um not worth it I was doing other clip sites and I was getting more from them than I was from only fan so I just stuck to those other clip sites I stopped doing that a while ago um and I'm just getting back into it I have a little bit of experience having done things like this before but not really focusing on only fans I guess I've never had much success in getting people interested in my content so what I was really wanting to do this time is like figure out the marketing aspect of it and it's week one so I have not done that yet so bear with me but I'm going to talk about the expectations and what's really happened week one of doing only fans but specifically doing only fans as a faceless creator meaning that I don't show my face in any of my content I don't show my face on any of my social media so that I think is a specific sort of of take that I haven't really seen people talking about very much so let's talk about it week one um yeah so I watched I did what all of you have done I watched all the videos that I could find on only fans right I watched everything about you know marketing about content about the best ways to promote yourself and all this stuff and really at some point you kind of just have to jump in it doesn't does matter how much research you do it doesn't matter how ready you think you are you're going to jump in and you're going to feel like you should have waited or to be like I should have done this sooner it doesn't really matter it's always going to feel like the wrong time when you do it I feel like I started my only fans page or I started everything all of my social media and stuff like that I started that um in the weeks leading up to um like uploading to my only fans and I knew that I had to get verified and all of those things so I worked on doing that before I started um posting anywhere or doing anything I wanted to hammer down sort of like the niche that I wanted to hit and I still feel like I'm struggling with that but whatever it's fine it's fine good I spilled coffee on myself already that's nice last time I did this I didn't really have a great Persona I don't think Persona meaning the way that I presented myself online is pretty much all I mean by that this time I wanted to be friendlier or to seem friendlier and so that's why you know I'm Cara but I'm Cara cutie bear so that was really important to me mainly just because I wanted to seem soft enough to be approachable right cuz I feel like I struggle with that sort of seeming nice enough for people to want to interact with me so that's why I chose that specific username and luckily that was available on like every platform so I'm pretty much car bear everywhere I was looking at all the information that I could before I really got started doing it and you know like I said at some point you just have to start and it always feels like you're it always feels over overwhelming and like you expected too much too soon I launched my only fans one week ago today so October 2nd I launched my only fans it didn't really you know it didn't explode because it never does and never will like unless you're already famous or something there's no way for you to blow up instantly right and I want to emphasize I started all these accounts out in the last like month so all of these accounts were at zero followers and I have like zero I don't have zero followers but I have like one or two Tik Tok followers I have one YouTube subscriber hi thanks I have 20 Twitter followers most bought like 20 Instagram followers I think so you know that just a couple weeks like I've gained that but I haven't gotten a lot of follows you know and I think some of that is because I'm still struggling with how to put content out not only fans content that's easier for me to do but it's hard to make faceless content on social media to get people interested in what you're doing and it's hard to show your personality if you're not showing your face if you're you know sort of reserved in that way so I'm struggling with that but I do show my mouth in some things so you know I'll make some Tik toks where I lip sync or whatever but it's just my mouth you know so there's stuff like that where I'm I'm trying things out and I'm I'm working on on things that way I looked up so many things about Reddit because it's so confusing and everyone's videos are all pretty much the same same and that they're like it's a lot of work and they're not joking about that the thing is I feel like something that isn't fully discussed about Reddit specifically is how you get karma that was something that was completely eluding me people are like you have to have Karma like you get karma from posting you get karma from this you get karma from that but I was really really confused and I set up my account and it was like NSFW you and all of this stuff and it turns out when you set your account that way that some communities don't want you to post in them at all if you link to your only fans on your profile you can't post in certain communities or not even only fans like if you link to anywhere where you're like doing something NSFW you will get banned like there are certain communities that want you to post nudes and they're like if you if you're linking to somewhere else on your you know anywhere on this site like even in other posts or like other like we will ban you from this community and I'm like that's so nonsensical I don't know why anybody I mean no offense no shade but I don't know why anybody would be like here's my full pudendum on Reddit just look like I yeah give me some money if you're going to look at that yeah I I set all that up and and it became increasingly overwhelming and I realized that I'd gotten sort of in my i' gotten myself into a little bit of a hole so I had like I'd had my account for weeks and I was at one Karma and I could not get any more karma and people are really kind of rude like if you are like this is really hard this is really tricky people just are like you must be stupid if you can't figure it out so it's it's a little bit overwhelming and then if you Google it then all these posts come up of like people being sort of a holes and they're just like you know everyone on Reddit sucks and I'm like okay these there has to be somewhere in the middle there has to be some kind of information so I did find a post that explained that the way to get your karma the way to get more karma is to interact with other Reddit users but like not necessarily in an NSFW so what I did was and this is maybe a stupid thing but I don't really care I deleted my redit account um which was Cara cutie bear and I started another one which is Cara cutie bear but has underscores between each word I re I started over and I am like I'm linking to my Twitter I'm linking to my YouTube and stuff like that and my beacons all of that in my bio but I'm not marking anything that I'm doing as NSFW I'm keeping my language clean I'm not posting any photos I'm not doing anything and I'm trying to just interact with other users so that I can get my karma up and not get like flagged as a Spam bot or not get flagged as you know not get deleted because I'm NSFW once I get enough Karma then I'm going to work on trying to get verified in different groups and stuff like that but the thing is to get karma you have to interact with other people on the site in communities and things like that so that was something like you have to respond to other people's comments you have to comment on post and have people resp like react to it so it's a lot of like interaction yeah I'm working on that I started the new account yesterday and I went from one Karma to two Karma and in the same day and that's nothing I know that but I felt really good because I'm like hey I figured it out I did it I'm I'm going somewhere with this so I'm I'm on the right track so if you're struggling with how to get karma just try interacting with people's posts the way I saw it explained was is to interact in groups that have a lot of people so like go to Mi I the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and interact with people's posts on there you know reply to their comments say something meaningful don't act like a bot just treat people like a human would treat people you know and so I've been trying that and surprised it's it seems to be working so Reddit is a whole thing I don't know when I'm even going to be able to post anything even remotely interesting interesting on there but we'll see I don't think it's going to be the biggest and most beneficial site that I promote on but I'm going to try to get more karma and then we'll work on it and I'll let you know how that goes I've made a few Tik toks I've posted some reals I've posted some YouTube shorts but like I said I feel like I started and I I felt a little overwhelmed at the beginning I felt like you know there's so many people on here with so much advice and that's great and I'm not saying that they shouldn't be giving this advice but I do think that for some people some of that advice is not going to work not even because of any reason other than like if someone's working a full-time job or if someone has any other responsibilities they're not going to be able to dedicate like 18 hours a day into making Tik toks or whatever you know I saw one person that said that you have to make eight Tik Tok Accounts at minimum and post to each of them twice a day and and I was like I can't do that like I struggle posting to one Tik Tok account and it's been suggested to make a secondary one and I'm not saying that I won't I haven't yet but it's fine I'm still figuring out Tik Tok I'm still figuring out marketing however week one and I feel like I haven't been doing the greatest I'm trying things out like they say to do and we're getting somewhere we're getting somewhere but I haven't gotten there yet but I have one subscriber on only fans and you can be like that's not that much and you're right that's not that much but considering that I've done no promotion on Reddit I have barely posted on any social media sites because they're really difficult to figure out how to post something but not your face you know um I have one and that's huge and that's a big deal and I'm excited and I'm happy about that and it's encouraging me to keep going and I wanted to make this video more as like a along with me while we make this journey as opposed to here is my advice on what you should be doing now if you want to know I'm happy to answer questions if you have them but um if you're looking for more advice things I know um My Little Panda she's posted some videos basically walking through the process of trying to of starting an only fans and you know just figuring it all out and she does some great videos that are really really candid um and I definitely recommend her Nicole Leeds or whatever I'm probably getting her name wrong like so many of these people that you've probably already seen have really great things and like here's some advice on this I'm not necessarily giving advice not yet at least it's week one and I'm just I'm owning that it was way more overwhelming than I expected it to be but I'm very excited about it I'm a week in and that's it and I have a subscriber so you know maybe next week I'll have two you know so I'm going to try to update this so that you can come on this journey with me and hopefully we can we can see how great and amazing this can be starting with zero followers in 2023 and so many people say it's possible and I'm not saying that it's not I just want to you know prove how to do it or show how to do it when you truly have zero followers I have I had zero followers on Instagram zero followers on Twitter I started all of these accounts a couple weeks ago I'm truly truly starting with zero followers I'm faceless I'm doing all of this from scratch they say that it can be done and all you have to do is work really hard and you know what that's what I'm going to do I'm going to work really hard and hopefully well not even hopefully let's see where it get let's just see not hopefully because I'm going to I'm going to get places in this I just don't know how soon and that's what we're that's what we're going to be I don't know how soon and that's really what we're going to experiment with we're going to see how quickly you go from zero to something substantial consider following me if you're interested in seeing more if you're interested in hearing more about this and seeing how I do with faceless content thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alsayid [6 likes]: I have noticed a number of adult actresses/models in recent years put out content that doesn't show their face, or they are wearing a Mardi Gras mask or something.  I personally find that a bit frustrating as a viewer, because the face in conjunction with the figure is what I like to see, but it must work for enough people or those kind of models just wouldn't get any traction, and you wouldn't see them anymore.  A couple of things that do come to mind about faceless content: It seems the girls are often smoking hot, or at least have great figures.  I'm not sure why more attractive girls would not show their faces, but that seems to be a thing.  It could also be that some of them are butter faces, which would make their reason for going faceless obvious.  The second thing is that when I see a girl who is faceless I feel like she is much more likely to be a legit amateur (or pro-am), which I like, and I think most guys like.
  2. @JoelLessing [3 likes]: Eye contact is so important for me just because I am a verbal and interactive personality. But I enjoyed this video!
  3. @ssss-ch3fs [2 likes]: I have tried to create an account and they keep rejecting faceless images. How do I do it? 😅 I wrote to them but no response
  4. @CCPlan26 [2 likes]: Did you make any money on onlyfans, not showing face now or no
  5. @sarahsmith1418 [1 likes]: This is so fabulous and helpful. Thank you for sharing your honest opinions and your journey. So real I love it.
  6. @xxLunaHazexx [1 likes]: Do you have any tips or videos about how to get over stumps of feeling like the photos/videos you take are not actually attractive? Do I just post it and hope for the best?
  7. @JasonSpielberg [1 likes]: Women: "It's so hard being a woman!"
Also women:
  8. @alesiethedon [1 likes]: Hey Cara love your videos. I was wondering, do you need a chatter for your of
  9. @emmataylor1848: I been looking and just have no idea . Step by step with video image would help !
  10. @CrybagsBeCrying: Start a OF's because that's true talent and liberation. you go gurl
  11. @2025blessall: Thank u so much u are very kind.  For sharing ur feelings  as we all feel  and ur just being real thank u
  12. @MissyMiss1026: You should change your voice cause I totally know who you are.
  13. @Betty-m7i8s: I'm having trouble getting subscriptions, I've tried advertising on Reddit, X, but I've only gotten 2 subs yet.
What tips can u give me? 
Bettysparadaise
  14. @noet7680: Hey, I appreciate this vid I am a faceless creator and only have 5000 plus followers on reddit so its quite interesting...I luv your vid definitely inspiring
  15. @fatina1011: so do you show your face on the onlyfans channel ?
  16. @tsfuthepodcast: How are you doing now??
  17. @DampzyDusky: Of course, creating content without showing your face and staying anonymous is a bit challenging, but not impossible! On Bongacams, for example, many girls stream without showing their faces and still gain good popularity.
  18. @ExoticDoll-ct3ud: Why the husky voice?
  19. @AlexBeenSmoking: Anyone need a male creator🤔
  20. @wiazowski1: Just another prostitute that doesn't have any skills to find a real job

- Gay Awakenings and Coming Out Stories - MY BF ON OF: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, I'm Xander. And I'm Jay. And welcome to my BF on O. [Music] Yeah, if you don't know, we are content creators or some people say content creators. Um, yeah, we do social media and we do Only Fans and we are a couple. This is my boyfriend. Um, so that's why it's called my BF on. Yes. And we are also from Scotland. We are. Two Scottish boys. I feel like we're known more for being two Scottish boys than Xander and Jana. That is funny. And I remember you came up with that, didn't you? I did. And it's so simple, but we are two Scottish works, doesn't it? Yeah. Um, yeah. So, today we're going to be talking about some juicy stuff. Um, I thought it'd be fun to talk about gay awakenings. Oh, that sounds like the start of a porno. Gay awakenings. So what was what's your gay awakening? I feel like gay awakening is a new a newish term. Isn't that Are you basically asking me how did I come out? That's that's what you're No, I want like you know even before that precoming out or after you came out like what was your god? Do you know what gay awakenings is? A gay awakening. Yeah, sure. It's like when did you first start to realize you were gay? Yeah. And like Okay. Yeah. But I mean, God, that's I mean, I think I always found men sexier than women to be honest. And I remember the thing that stands out to me from the past is I remember I would either watch porn at a very early age, probably too early to What age were you watching porn at? I was probably be before I was even like 12, 13, I think. Really that young? I mean, maybe not like before 10, but I was definitely like I just remember because I moved when I was like 12 or 13 and it was probably before I moved. So, it's in that time period and it was by accident. I had Sky TV, the late night channels, which was bougie with the adult channels. Yeah. And I think I was just like so bored one night and I was scrolling through scrolling through and I got into the adult channels and I was like, "Oh my god, what's this?" Was this straight or gay? Well, it starts with straight. Uhhuh. They're like the first ones on the adult category, right? And then I think like by category by like I don't know it must be it was like 818 or something. That was like the start of the gay one. I was like I must have just gone through them all and then I came to that one. I was like oh my god. And I I think I like I felt something different. It's actually like it's just like a movie. Like it sounds like a movie but I felt like a you know a little stirring down there. Oh something was happening. And then I think I like is this really graphic but like I grabbed it and and I think it like exploded but nothing like happened you know like so nothing came out. I don't think anything came out. I think I was too young. This was like god this is and then I was like oh that's weird. Why did I feel that way more towards that than I did for like the women were doing nothing for me. Yeah. But I wasn't like I wasn't fully realizing what that meant, you know, at the time. Right. And then it must just been I went back and I don't it must have been a long time later. I was like, "Oh, watch that again. See what happens." And it was funny though because this gay channel on Sky, shout out gay channel on Sky, they weren't full, they weren't like porn videos or whatever. It was mostly like teasing to buy the pay-per-view. It's like PPV on and the teasers were just like blowing my mind. And I just remember thinking like it was my parents' card details on Sky. No. And I but I I desperately wanted to press by but obviously in my head I was like I cannot do that. And I think I I must have done it once and then like found a way to come up with an excuse like yeah that wasn't that can't been me. It must have been an error or must be dad or dad. Someone's got his details. Someone's came into the house. I remember that they had the late night. It's like babe station or whatever. Shout out babe station. Is that still a thing? I don't know. Like calling in. Yeah. be girls in like some little bed set up and she'd like call me and then she'd have a mic and she'd talk every now and then. Yeah. You'd be like listening to the call. You'd be listening to like her end. Oh, no. You couldn't listen. Yeah. No, you'd be like watching it, but you'd be like just hearing what she was saying. A private call, so you could talk to her, but it would be really expensive. Um I think mine may have been um Lee from Steps. Lee from Steps. Okay. He is quite attractive. I just remember seeing him and thinking he's hot. That is what's weird, isn't it? Like you can't really describe it. It's like there was just a feeling that you Well, I guess it's like for straight guys or girls, they just are it's like natural to them, but for us it was more Yeah. There's just something there with the But it was natural cuz I remember I didn't really question it until I started to find out, you know, like other guys in in my school at the time, they were like showing each other like videos on their phone of like porn or whatever. And that happened to me. And then they'd be like, "Oh, have you seen I don't know. They wouldn't be like, "Oh, have you seen this?" They'd be like, "Oh, look at that." And I would just be like, I'd be thinking in my head like, "Yeah, I didn't This doesn't do anything for me." There was a guy in Masow that had got a porn video. It was a girl being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he was showing it in tech in tech. And I remember like all the guys were around looking at the phone and they're all laughing and I went over and I was looking. I was like, "What's that? I don't like that. What are those two big massive tits?" And oh my god, that's why she making those. We said massive. That's her catchphrase. Massive tits. Um, no. And it's really This is funny. This is we always joke about this and I joke about this to everyone as well but I do feel like I have not a fear of vaginas. Fanny fear as they say in Scotland. So that is a thing. Your fanny fear. Yeah. Funnily enough cuz we lived in Amsterdam but there was a show about Amsterdam. It was in the red light district and they would show every now and then you'd see a guy's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'd be like oh my god. Yeah. You would like focus in on that compar. But I remember when we got obviously there's a little bit of what six years difference in age. So I'm on the cusp of the internet age. Um and we when we got like our first proper computer it was in the living room in the house and I remember looking up like man naked or male [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or something and there was this black and white photo of these two guys that came up and I was just like oh my god what is that? Yeah and I loved it. Do you remember as well? But I went off it straight away and then I for like the next two weeks I was like, "Oh my god, did they know I was looking at that?" And how do you remember going into like news agents or or supermarket? Not maybe supermarkets, but there would be like the magazines like porn magazines. And do you ever remember seeing there was like maybe one or two men ones or gay ones? Not really. I don't think I It's really funny how different experiences we had, but I just remember like I remember seeing that and thinking like I was just I was like, "Oh my god." Like I was so fixated on that compared to everything else. And I remember in my head I'd be think like plotting ways like how can I get that magazine like without anyone knowing. But yeah, Gay Awakenings, right? So I mean Zack Efron in High School Musical was probably one. Yeah. Justin Bieber. Justin Bieber for sure. Justin Bieber was a big one for me. Yeah, I remember like I was I would watch like kids TV and my dad' be like, "Oh, you fancy fair and cotton and stuff and in my head I'm like, "No, I'm looking at the guy." That's weird though cuz I don't think my dad was ever really like that laddyy guy with me. Like he would he never really made that impression. I think he was always he was always he always was like, "Oh yeah, she's not that attractive." Or cuz he'd be like trying to up my mom like you know like he's like, "You're the most beautiful woman in the like, "Oh, she's ter she looks like shit." What I described is that not was that not a gay point. No, I totally ruined the segment. I mean, that's an interesting It's interesting. More like, you know, when I first heard Believe by Sher and I saw the video and I thought this is my No, I think Okay, maybe for me as well, Skins, the TV show Skins. And when I saw it, see, it's funny when I started watching Skins, it was the season with like Jack O'Connell and Freddy and everything. Oh, Freddy was hot. He was definitely a gay awakening. Like I remember watching that and there wasn't I I don't remember there being that much gay stuff in that that like iteration of skins, but I went back and watched like the first season and then that's when I saw Maxi is when I was like damn. Yeah, he wasn't even in it that much. Interesting. He was but he was so hot and made deep impression on me. A deep deep deep but that was the thing as well. I think but I don't know what else you want to talk about but well from that I think we should talk about like Yeah. Coming out. Yeah. Well, I just remember being I was Don't need your whole life story here, you know. We can just have a little brief summary. Be nice. Well, I don't think I don't do anything brief. Okay. Everything is full throttle for me. I just want to also say if anyone isn't watching on YouTube, maybe just listening. We are wearing pajamas. Matching coordinating pajamas. Spongebob. Spongebob. Your says, "You're so yummy." And it's Patrick and Ming says, "I only have eyes for you." And it's Spongebob. But they're very cute. We've been getting a lot of people asking where they're from online, which I think is hilarious. I couldn't even tell you. I couldn't. But they're also They're female. Yeah, they are. They're not made for men. They're tight. They're tight in the areas that Maybe they're not supposed to be. I was just going to say the pajamas might not be made for men, but I certainly am. Wow. Is that was that used to be like your Grinder bio or something? That'd be a great bio. Um, yeah. Coming up. I mean, that's what I was going to say. Like I don't think I had a hard time. I wasn't I wasn't pardon the pun I wasn't in an environment where like there was a lot of homophobia. Like I feel quite lucky actually and I'm grateful that there wasn't homophobia around or whatever but and there wasn't this pressure on me either to be this like ladies man or you know like I'd had girlfriends and but my mom or dad were never like oh like you know who are you dating? Who are you seeing? That's such a thing with kids like oh you got a girlfriend. But I do remember there was so many nights where I would like I would sit up and I would be distraught thinking like, "Oh my god, is this reality? Am I gay?" And I'd be so ashamed. And I remember it's so sad. Like I would pray. I didn't even believe a God. Yeah. But I I prayed. I was like, "Please, like, let this be the last time I jerk off to this really hot porn gay porno like and tomorrow I'll wake up and I'll be into girls." Like we must have just, you know, like let ourselves on thinking that would be that would happen. But um yeah, I was like 16 and I think time had passed. I was like, I'm definitely gay. Uh I'd told a couple people like close friends and they didn't really seem to have a problem. They knew. I think it was quite It becomes obvious, doesn't it, when you're a teenager and you're not shagging around. I mean, I definitely wasn't. I just couldn't go that far. Most gay people aren't shagging around though. They they don't have those experiences. But some guys like some guys play it not play it but they play it so straight that they will even have rel like you know girlfriends and relationships and sex but I think a lot of gay people they miss out on that like what's the word when you're like putting up about frivolous frivolous yeah when like you know with at parties and no because like all my friends were like getting on stuff but I wasn't I was like secretly like you wishing my my best friend would, you know, we'd have a drunk kiss or something like or I don't know. But I remember when I was in first year, I think at high school Mhm. and I'd been put at this table with these two guys I didn't like and they were just like staring at me and I was like, "What are they doing?" And then one, his name was John and he was like, "You're gay, aren't you?" And I remember it was like the first, "You're a gay, aren't you?" But it's that thing where people tell you you're gay before you even realize yourself you're gay because they can sense I don't know you're different or something. But it was the first time that someone had ever asked me and I was like whoa what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how I talk, how I walk, like how did they know this? And that really played on my mind. But I was in denial for a long time. Yeah. But that is funny even when you're saying that because I just remember I was always picked on for being gay. Like even though I wasn't open and honestly gay at like 10, 11 years old, I'd dye my hair or I'd like look after myself and I'd be gay. And isn't it funny when like in school you have that like you're the gay one or you're the nerd or I wasn't like into playing rugby and yeah, I mean maybe we've seen the guy the showers after. Um, yeah. So, I was like, I think I was around 16 and told a couple people and I realized at some point, yeah, I'd have to tell mom and dad. And so, we were away on holiday for my birthday in Paris. Paris. How romantic. I know. And I don't even think I'd planned it. I just I was like walking down the street. It must been Paris. The the vibes of Paris brought out of me. And I remember it was like my dad and my sister. Gay party. Yeah. My dad and my sister were walking ahead and it was just me and my mom and I think you know it's like a gay thing as well, isn't it? Like you feel a bit closer to your mom like more open and I I just pulled her aside and I was like I have to tell you I'm gay. I don't remember the words I said. Why did you not say it in French? Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cuz she'd be like what? I mean what even is the but um I just remember the funny thing from that was I said I was like can you please like can you just tell dad for me? like I don't want to tell dad the way that I've told you which is funny to think like you know but so what like everyone so she told your dad for you she must have and I and it was like never really spoken about afterwards because I knew he would be fine about it but it's just that awkward I don't know and then it was like I think she'd you know gradually tell more family and it's such a strange thing to think back on you know like there's a moment that you have to kind of Yeah because I think if we had kids now or whatever Like I just can't imagine having to go through that. I'd either if they brought on I'm bringing home a guy, I'd be like, "Okay." Or like I'd want I'd want that to be how it would happen. Be like, "Oh, you're bringing on your boyfriend today. Oh, cool." Like that's nice. Maybe there'd be jokes. I don't know. There'd be something, but not at their expense. Yeah. No, but it' be more like, "Oh, you're bringing someone over." It would never be like, "You're gay. How dare you?" Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I feel like I had quite a long drawn out coming out situation. Oh, we'll keep it brief, darling. Okay. We don't have all day like how you remind. No, but I had I had started like seeing a guy um and we'd been like doing whatever, you know, as as young kids do. And I had a love bite on my neck and I had a like a house party and my sister was there and she noticed it and she was like, "Who gave you the love bite?" What age were you? Um 18. Okay. She was Yeah. Who gave you the hickey? And I don't I must have played it off and oh I'd hurt myself or something. It was just a bruise. And then someone had told her it was this guy and then she was like really How did this someone know? So someone So all my friends knew. So someone outed you. Well, all my friends were at the party. She was there with some of her friends. Yeah. I guess that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shitty. I'm sorry. Well, the thing with him was I was like wanting all like I want to do stuff like sexual and he said I'm not doing anything until you tell okay this girl that was like my best friend at the time that you're gay and he made me text her um and yeah I text her and then he let you give him a then he let you give him a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What a transaction. What a deal. So that was that and then she must have not told my mom and stuff at this point and then me and my mom share a birthday and it was my 19th. Wait, but what was your sister's reaction? She was She was drunk. Oh, so what? So this was a house. You never addressed after. No. And I I was playing it off cuz Yeah. I Oh, cuz it could have been a rumor as well. Um Yeah. So it was like, you know, a teenage house party. It was all Yeah. It was loud going on. There was Yeah. There was fights. There was a fight that night. Okay. So, like more ventful things were taking place. So, it kind of got brushed under the carpet. Um, but she wasn't she was a bit like, oh, she wasn't angry, but she was like, did you see her reaction when this person said? No, she came to me and she was like, oh, why did you let him do that to your neck? Why you let him do that to your neck? Like up in my face? Oh, that's hilarious. And I was just like, because I wanted him to like Oh, so you didn't even like you didn't even shy away from the truth. You were just like, okay, that's cool. And then yeah, so it's my birthday, my mom's birthday, and mom said, "You can have people over." She was going out, which I did do, and it ended up there was quite a lot of people in the house. Um, and she came back very drunk, and me and this guy who at this point we weren't together, but had somehow ended up in my sister's old room. My sister had moved out. Um, and we're like on the floor having like full on like I'm sure he was like sitting on me, riding me, like proper anal. Yeah. And the door started knocking like in the bedroom and we were like, "Oh my god, fuck." Like panicking. And then whoever it was was pushing open door. I'd obviously had a bit of a drink as well and it was my drunk mom trying to get in the room. This is so bad. And I just remember putting my feet against the door and like, "Don't come in. Don't come And she's like, "Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there?" No one's like, "Yeah, um, open this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] door. This is my house." And she barges in like, and we hadn't been able to, you know, pull our trousers up or anything. That wasn't He wasn't still inside. You were inside him. Um, but yeah, that was And she just had the worst reaction ever. I mean, that's a way to find out so bad. You know, compared to my nice story of I know it could be more opposite. And then she drunkenly called like my entire family, my dad and every and everyone in my family had a fine reaction. But that is like totally your family's like I can just I can just see that for you. And then I just remember it was like they didn't really know how to approach it. Yeah. I remember my dad took me to a pub which he had never done before. Oh god. And we were having like paints and stuff and then he said he was like, "Oh, but do you never just think of the girls? you know, you could get all these hot girls like that you're missing out on. Like I don't think they understood. No, I know. And that was that was I didn't Yeah, I do have a gay cousin who had been gay like and came out a few years before. I think that kind of helped. But that's good cuz I I I was the first gay I was the first gay. I was quite annoyed that I wasn't. I know. Like he's he stole that title from Yeah. No, but that's funny. That reminded me as well because that was my mom or maybe someone else in the family's reaction. It was like they were just so worried for me. like they were worried for my safety like people like the AIDS they were worried about HIV AIDS like all of that and I remember just I think like at the times where that was like the last thing on my mind so I didn't really know like how to respond to that but I I remember my gran you obviously knew my grand very funny Scottish character um she asked me she was like oh I get how guys do it but how do two women do But and this is my grand at this time. She would have been like one in her 60s. I was like, um I think they just Yeah. What would what advice? Say there's a young person out there listening to this and yeah, maybe they're maybe they stumbled upon us and they're like I think like you need to always, you know, like care about your safety first and foremost. if you're in an unsafe situation, whether that be with family or in the country that you're living in, like I would never advise you to be like, you know, why don't you just throw a big coming out gay party and tell everyone at the same time? So, be careful with that. Um, I also think really find a friend like someone that you can trust cuz I think chosen family. When you tell one person that you trust, it like changes everything like it becomes easier and it it like lifts that like weight off your shoulders. Well, I would I would say re in your expectations. Don't think you have to have like, you know, you have to sit down your mom, dad, or whoever, your guardian, and yeah, be like, I'm gay. You know, maybe drop pants or like show up in a in a wig and high heels one day and then the next day put some makeup on. Here's my boyfriend. Um I think we come we're quite privileged I guess in that way though where families are accepted and and we're als we're there's not a lot of gay couples who are youngish and stick together. So I think a lot of people see us and I wish I had that cuz a lot of gays are lonely. Yeah. No a lot of young gays are lonely. I think it can I mean I think like even young single guys in general like straight guys as well I mean they've got their friends and everything but that's another thing about being gay like I think it can it can be quite tough to like find your friends as well definitely that aren't like friends with benefits. Yeah. Friends with benefits and and for the sex like I didn't have any I didn't I mean I didn't have any gay friends when I was coming out. It was only just girls really and they were like my closest allies at the time. It's the biggest thing in the world. And of course, it's really not. But yet with hindsight, like after a year even passes, it's like, "Oh, you came out." Like, and that's with my family. Like, if my family rejected me or whatever, chucked me out. There there'd be like a bigger fight a week or two later with my sister or mom and dad. That's quite funny. Like, and I just it would be old news. I just think it's so upsetting though when I hear about parents that it's horrible. Really horrible. Condone that. and and just like like it's like your family. Like come on. Well, I think if you can't love your own child, there's something not right. Yeah. And who cares? That's what pisses me off about any sort of like racism, homophobia, transphobia, it's not your life. Like even if it's your mom and it's your son or your daughter or whatever, at the end of the day, like you've got your life and they've got their life. Why would you ever like deny someone happiness? Yeah. Why would you want them to suffer? Cuz that's what that's all but that's what they don't see. Do you think that they're like what? Doing you a favor or Yeah, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But we do Only Fans. It's quite for some people it's quite taboo. Mhm. What about your family? How did they find out about that? Um, how did you feel having to tell them? I don't think I was that worried. I actually think I was quite looking forward to telling them because like my like what kind of what we're talking about now at the end of the day, they just wanted the best for me and for us and they knew like I think they knew, you know, jobs weren't easy to come by. I wasn't really qualified to do much. So, I think when I when I told them like, "Oh, here's this thing." I didn't go into graphic detail. Remember, I didn't really say Yeah. I think you were subtle about it. Yeah. I was like, "Oh, there's this website." And and people Did they So, they never knew what it was. Is that what you're saying? I mean, I think up until really recent as well, they didn't know fully what? You should also mention that your dad is like what, 69 now? He's 69 now. He's a young 69 though. He is like, you know, he's down with kids. But to have a son, like a young son in his 20s, the only fans is that you'd think you'd be like, "Oh shit." Okay. I think my dad does not care about anything. No, they don't. Like, I really don't. I think they're so laidback. I mean, they used to let me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smoke weed. I probably shouldn't. So, how would you say we had a kid though and they were like, "I want to do Only Fans." How would you feel about that? Knowing how I do Only Fans? Well, that would be a whole different ball game. I mean, I think I would feel if it was a girl, I don't know. Maybe I'd feel a bit different about it. Yeah. More protective potentially. Yeah, maybe. I think that's what helped soften the blow as well. Like they knew we were in a committed, we're in a committed relationship. We've got each other. That's true. I'm not like fending for myself and the like in the world, this big scary world. Like and I think they were just happy that I was earning money. Like I just said, you know, this is going to be able to let us live our dream and support ourselves and we're not going to have to worry about paying bills and and I think they were just I think they were happy, you know, found that I wonder with other creators that the only fans of like their families know what they do. That was the that was the problem as well. It just got to a point like I we had been doing it or I'd been doing it for like a year or even longer before I did that. We were we were buying nice things. Well, that's the thing. Like, it became too difficult to hide. It was like, "Oh, wait. So, how are you like affording to do this and to do that?" It be like, you know? Yeah. We didn't win the lottery. We just got ours. Well, you got your I didn't say that. I could never say that. But also, I mean, I I'm assuming cuz I don't know if you've spoke about it, but surely they know, you know, we're it's just you or us. We're you're not like doing collabs and stuff because we we don't do collabs. has never done no we've never done content with other people or like that. That's what I always wonder as well with my mom and dad like to how to what extent do they know like what gay relationships are like or gay men can be like like I think your mom's quite tuned in like she's tuned into pop culture and TV and but you know like the whole open thing or or even like being flirtatious or having guys flirt with you like I think in their like the context of their relationship like that would be earthshattering you know if like someone said online like you know to my sent a private message to my mom on Instagram was like I love your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pet like her massive pets you know I think my dad would be like who is this guy I'm going to find him out there [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know but we get that like every day like day in day out and it's quite funny like the difference that is that's interesting to think about but back to you is that because they're straight maybe do you think yeah it's also like different generations I know Well, back yeah, back to me. I made a cardinal sin. Is that a sin? I guess you let us know. I made a cardinal sin. I was on one of our Tik Tok pages. I think it must been two Scottish boys or Xander and Jay. And I I've got a family group chat. It's my mom, my sister, me, and my niece. And I sent a Tik Tok like in because you know you send people Tik Toks. So, I sent a Tik Tok into the group chat. Um, and this must been early on where I didn't know when you did that it showed where it came from. Like it shows the account it sent from and um I was on the like a call one day with my mom and she mentioned something. Yeah. And and this is the thing about James's mom who we love. Okay. She's hilarious, but she does it's like she would she would never just say like, "Oh, what was that that you sent me? Like why did that come from that?" She like did it in a sneak like a sneaky sly way like in a jokey kind of weird Yeah. non-confrontational. I remember something had been said on like day there was a weird conversation about our our lives and like working and money and stuff and then I got off the call and you'd overheard it and you were like I'm not happy about them thinking we don't work or whatever. Yeah. Um, so I typed something out and I sent it in the chat and I was like, well, Xander's actually, you know, he's doing well online and I just said that. Um, and my sister replied, I know exactly what you are doing or something. And then then I asked mom and mom was like, "Yeah, it's the Tik Tok." And so yeah, that's how they found out. But it's funny now even to this day like I always think, do they like do they they don't fully really know cuz it's never really spoke about either. Yeah. never never spoke about it. For a long time with my dad, I was saying that we were doing stocks and shares, but we we were investing in things. And I remember when we were out with your dad and and we were having a drink and obviously was quite curious cuz we were traveling and making decent money and he was like, "Oh, you think you can maybe help me get into the stocks and shares?" sister's husband, my brother-in-law, remember he asked and and I think by that point it was like, "Oh god, we have to stop lying because I can't I can't be like coming up with some fake." And my my dad's the kind of person where he really like will ask question and qu like he'll if you say, "Oh, I'm going on holiday." It won't just be like, "Oh, where you going?" He's like, "When you going? Where you going? How you doing this?" He wants the details. He wants the details. And when someone starts asking you that and you're telling like a hint of truth, it's quite Yeah. quite difficult. But that was that I think with your family. It's funny the difference. And like it's interesting though. My sister follows one of our Tik Toks. Okay. Which I find quite funny. I find that horrifying. I know. It is interesting like how would parents feel cuz I think about what's her name? Bonnie Blue. Mhm. like her family. Well, her dad's now working with her, which is crazy. I remember it's a family business. Was it her? I know. Was it her mom or was it that Lily? What's the other girl? Lily James. Lily Phillips. Lily Ph. Lily James. Is that Oh, that's the actress. Lily Phillips. Was it her or Bonnie's mom was like, "Oh, yeah. I went in and cleaned up after like they had one of their big things and there was like condoms and lube and cum." No, that that to me is I I'm all I'm open for anything and and I'm quite open-minded, but I just think that's a little bit damaging. And what So then what do you think about them? those girls that are pushing the boundaries. I don't I don't like I I'm all for it, but I'm also just worried for our industry because, you know, it's like pushing it to such extremes where it puts pressure on like normal like you know people like us that just film stuff in our everyday lives like you know I feel like it turns business away because people are going to the want the extreme and they're like well if they can do it why don't you do it? Because I feel like Only Fans started because it was, you know, it was just people in their bedroom with a camera horny talking to people and now it's like now it's a full on going to get bummed by 100 guys in 3 hours which is sore. Who are they doing that? I mean I can't get my head. Hats off to them. Like Bonnie is on like every major outlet you can be on. I mean this very she's like a celebrity now. The marketing is genius. Yeah, it's like they've they've like opened a new chapter in Only Fans that you know I would never have assumed it does bother. Yeah, cuz they're like mainstream. Mhm. But then I think there's like the whole taboo thing about Only Fans that people have this weird like belief or thinking about what it is and then they're now seeing what they do because that that's in the mainstream now. I think it just it does taint it taints it. I also appreciate as well what they're doing because it kind of it does make it more mainstream as well like what you're saying. That is true. Like you know my dad's joked about Bonnie Blue and every dad knows who Bonnie is. I would love to talk to her. Yeah. I think what would what would be the first thing what would you ask her? What would you why I would I would like to know to like what how real it is about that as well. Like I I think it's genius. I think she's so smart. She's set up for life. She's got like what? Generational wealth now. Like her kids. And honestly, like I'm all about that. Like for people making money in business. She's done something incredible that she can now live off. I mean, one day she'll write a book and it'll be like so juicy and interesting or there'll be a documentary or a film. And that's the thing as well. That's what people just don't realize. Like I don't know if she'll be around in however long but well I think people will move on you know she's got plan but like in like 20 30 years like everyone thinks oh it's so major like you're ruining your life. This is what people say to us. Yeah and people have been concerned about that for us as well you know like what would happen if it all fell apart and it's you do something else and that I just think as well like you can't make someone feel as if they're ruining their life choices over something that they've chose to do, you know? And who are we to say that that's wrong if she wants to do that? And Yeah. And it's like the guys aren't getting paid that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her. She's getting the money. Yeah. Because that is such a thing for me. I'll look at a guy and I'll be like, "What are you like under your clothes?" I'm just like imagining it. I'm a bulge watcher. Yeah. No, you really are. I'm a real bulge. But it's not even sexual with me. It's like it's just like Yeah. It just fascinates me when I think every single guy out there has a penis. They wind. But isn't that funny for straight guys? That would be like for them it's boobs. Like the amount of guy that's the thing I think women I mean they must talk about it all the time like oh that guy was staring at my chest or I've seen guys before like you know like looking and I'm like oh that's so embarrass like there so but and just talking about that I hate these guys that think you know that oh no that's so weird guys do that. Are you saying you what you hate that I've said that? No, you know, like straight guys and like cuz I'm just think I know there's someone said before in my life, um, oh, I'm like really gay, but I would never go near a guy cuz like I love pop music and this and that, but I could never like shag a guy or touch another guy. I know. I just think it's so like I mean, yeah, I get it. That to me is such a red flag when anyone says that actually because I think some men are hot. Yeah. And I also just think I'm not I I I feel like you have to be to I feel like I'm pretty gay. Like I know I like I know I I know what I prefer. I know what I love. But I would never be so close-minded to think, "Oh, maybe one day I would never find a girl attractive." Like I know cuz I do think that everyone says that sexuality can be fluid and it is like maybe like there's one person out there that would really turn you on and it could be a girl or it could be a guy and you just don't know. Yeah. Who knows? And what? You're going to deny yourself this hot passionate moment just because that person's got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or a vagina or a set of boobs? Like they're missing out. That's all I can say. You are missing out. If you want it, get it. Go for it. Grab it. Sniff it. Lick it. Suck it. All right. Charlie X word of the week. The word is bob bag. ball bag, which can actually mean quite a few different things, right? Yeah. Well, that that's that's the hilarious part. It has a hidden meaning. Ball bag as it's quite literally sounds, you know, like it means your balls, like your ball bag. Yeah. But it's like um what you call it slang. So balls, you'd say ball. Yeah. Ball. Mom's m. Yeah. D. Yeah. Yeah. We're all just really stupid in Scotland. Like we don't actually say words. Do you remember um what was it? Hurricane ball back. I do. There was This is how ridiculous. This is how ridiculous and non serious Scotland can be. There was really bad weather. Was it wasn't a hurricane, was it? It was not just a bad I don't think it could. Yeah, it could never be actually classed as a hurricane and it had been coined on the internet hurricane ball bag and I think they officially went with it. That was the name on the nose. You know, it's like hurricane and hurricane Jamie. Yeah, this was hurricane ball bag. But ball bag can also mean like an idiot. Like you're Oh, you're a pure ball. Yeah, you're a ball bag. Total ball. That guy's a ball bag. Like Yeah. I would never personally say it though. I I mean that that's not a word I ever really use. I heard it a lot, but I feel like you'd never like the actual literal term of your ball bag, like your scrotum. You'd never say on my ball bag or like, "Oh, can you lick my ball bag?" Oh god. I know it sounds making me think of that Scottish porno that we can never find. I've never been able to find that that video that went viral and then what is it? What is it? Is it He's like I'm pure shagging you and you're a dirty middle and you and you're loving it and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love it. I'm pure pumping you pumping you rotten your dirty cow. I hope this is really informative to everyone out there. Yeah. So the today's word is bob bag. I like bob bag. See if you can use it in a sentence. You are a pure bob bag. Listen, use it in your life. You know, maybe you'll in a favorite word. Yeah, we do the job which was the last word and then this one. How what about a sentence combining both? Combining both. Oh god. Are you through there doing a jobby? I hope it's not all over your ball bag. Oh my god, that's awful. You know, if you got a bit of dire inking, it could be splashback on the old How big are your ball back? How big is your ball back? How low hanging is that ball back? Is it not like the older you get, the more they sag? I know. I feel like mines are really Mines hang low, do you know? I think I And I always notice it after I take a bath. It must be something to do with the temperature of the Oh, that's when they tell you to check them. Oh, is it? Yeah, because they're you can feel. I just feel them for different reasons. But no, my my balls are really sensitive. I don't like them. There's only one. You're so weird. You have like one ball. There's one spot on my right ball that feels nice. If you go near the rest, I'm like, "No, it's painful." That is That is That is the truth. And I feel like Yeah. I don't really get much from licking my balls to be honest. But yeah. And also when people like saying suck them and all that, I just find it a bit weird. I like holding on to them when I'm like I need, you know, like a a steady. I mean this is on another guy like you know like to hold while I go my mom was asking me earlier actually I was telling her about I was doing this podcast and she was like she's like do you think maybe me and your dad could listen to it and I'm just thinking as I'm talking about this absolutely not there's no way they'd love it really what me talking about how I'm going to hold a ball bag and and use that as my grip to suck I would say in in the pass when I have bottomed. It's quite nice to feel. Oh, the ball's slapping against you. Yeah. Is that is that too graphic? Can we say that? No. I also if you do like the reach around and you can feel their their ball back and you know you feel like you've accomplished something cuz you're like, "Oh, their whole cocks." I saw I actually saw something the other day I thought it was quite funny. It was there's like I don't know where it is somewhere in the world um where it's like an official sport where they're looking at a guys just under a microscope and testing the speed of the oh my god the little sperms like how fast they can Yeah. And it's like a race like who's got the fastest sperms and it's different like it's I don't know. I don't know. I mean I've seen some crazy facts about when you shoot it out like how far it can go and No. Same. Yeah. That is it can survive outside of I know the womb. What I remember in I went to Catholic school and Ari one of our teachers said you know even if a guy comes on like the outside of your leg they can crawl up into the vagina and you can still get pregnant. I remember that freaked all the girls out cuz they were like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that's so funny cuz that's I mean that's not true like one of those like things like a nun would say like to stop someone from having sex even though it's true. be like, "Yeah, don't even let them come on your leg because it'll make its way into your vagina. You'll have babies." Okay. Do you remember the first time you ejaculated? I think I remember the first time it came out. Yeah, cuz it was sore. It was kind of stingy. Really? Maybe. Is that weird? Was that like a urine infection situation? I thought that was just like, you know, like it was like the first time it was like being activated. Okay. Okay. But I remember it was like I was lying down in the bath, but I was like, no, but it was like in the shower. It was like the shower was on but like Oh, you're having like a sad emo moment. What? Well, I was jerking my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No. Oh, no. I thought you were like sitting shower. No, I would go into the bathroom to off cuz I don't want to get caught. Oh, okay. And I just remember like lying down in the bath like with the shower not on me and like I must have jerked off and I came and yeah, like it came out of me and I was like, "What have I done? Like I've done something wrong. I must have thought like it didn't wasn't supposed to happen and it freaked me out." And then it happened again. I was like, "Oh, cool. I remember I was like I was I mean everyone's done it. Of course I um I remember I was trying for a while because my foreskin was quite tight right and I must have been watching porn or something and I was like wait why is my dick not going back? But obviously I didn't really realize they're all cut okay in porn. Ah right. So I kept this is quite disgusting. I was like licking my finger and putting trying to put it down my foreskin and like loosen it. I thought I was loosening it. Um and it just wasn't happening. And then I remember one day again like you I was in the bathroom but I wasn't in the I had the shower on. Right. Um were you on the floor? No. I was standing like over the toilet and I remember we had this mirror on the wall. I was just like looking in the mirror. Is that really weird? And I just remember Frank I must have been at it for like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 15 minutes or something and it wasn't And then finally I came like in the toilet and I was just like so relieved cuz I thought I'm normal. That is because that is just the thing like you know I think guys have been talking about it and I'm not a confus it's confusing. Yeah cuz I was a bit of a bed humper. Oh okay. Used to hump the bed. I don't think I ever really went through a phase like that. No. I I remember I would hump the bed and then I don't think I would I would have the sensational coming but nothing would come out. Right. Because that happens like push down on it and then I remember that stopped working and I was like oh my god what's not going to what's happened? So I I used to use my hand like say this is my deck right and I would like put my hand flat on it and like really rub in like thrust into it. Why were you making it so difficult for yourself? cuz I was trying to wank like I'd seen in porn and heard other guys talking about in school and it I didn't think I think because I was like used to humping the bed. Yeah. No, I get that. No, and I and I know what you mean to a certain extent as well. Like I feel like I I must have this gone on. I'm sorry if you don't enjoy us talking about jerking off. No, if you're here, you must enjoy talking about jerking off. When I was I must have had like a way I was jerking off. Like I had I used to like had do it like with my thumb up. And then I think when I was like watching porn, I realized like everyone just like has like a certain grip of the way they were doing it. Yeah. And I like was saying to myself, if I'm going to be normal, I have to like teach myself how to do it like that. I remember it didn't feel good for a while, but then I must have just been like, right, keep at it. Like I have to Yeah. That's what I was like cuz I used to jerk off like with my I don't know like it was weird. I still do that sometimes. Yeah, it's mean I go back to every now and then. How much seaman have I produced? Well, you could subscribe to our only fans and see how much he does produce. No, that's a terrible plug. Well, guys, that has been us talking about all sorts of shenanigans. Great word. Is that a Scottish word? I don't think it is. Is this a shenanigans? I keep banging into that. I hope it's not making a noise. But um yeah, we've enjoyed it and we have got lots more to talk about. So I hope you guys tune in. Yeah, the next one's going to be interesting to see. Yeah, I know. But like Beyonce says, you should never cut someone off my ass.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dawnk1979 [6 likes]: My son came out by introducing me to his partner and after they left I burst into tears. I was so happy that he knew I was a safe space and that he was happy ❤
  2. @nou-kc1ws [4 likes]: loved this video!!
  3. @RYN988 [3 likes]: Good to see you guys
  4. @chattajaybird2630 [2 likes]: Love this channel.
  5. @steve701a [2 likes]: ❤
  6. @michellehaddock4384 [2 likes]: I did not know this was going to be live!  I missed the first 12 minutes!  LOL Thank god I shifted home from Work!!!!  I love this!
  7. @BrianThrives [1 likes]: Lovely!
  8. @b4804514 [1 likes]: Guys It is clear why you guys are a success. The money you are making some should be invested... it could generate more income for the rest of your lives. Treat this income as a windfall  Get a financial planner that can help you put a plan together so you don;t have to work forever.
  9. @jonsep348: Very entertaining and interesting! Love hearing your accents and getting to know you better. 😘
  10. @jedixfett: I miss xanders long hair. Will it be coming back lol

- My Wife Makes $250k a Month On OnlyFans | LOVE DON'T JUDGE: Kind: captions Language: en this is Mark he fell in love with Mia they may look like your average couple but their way of earning money has led to online backlash the Mia currently makes 55 000 US dollars a week Mia and Mark run an only fans business whilst Mia models Mark does the admin people telling us to get a real job people saying that mirror is nothing more than an online prostitute calling me a pimp sometimes I'm really surprised of how strong and bad the comments are you know I think people go to Marx and our relationship totally wrong I'm originally from South America and I moved to Malta first to live for two years and then the last year in November we moved to the UK I think I first realized I was in love I just had to hit this this like overwhelming feeling inside but I hadn't really had before so originally we tried living in South America I had a job as an English teacher there however the wages were very very low and we found it very hard to support ourselves which brought about our decision to get married so after we got married we moved to Malta for a bit after we got our Visa situation sort to come to the UK my friend actually told me that his cousin's girlfriend was making around two thousand dollars a month on this new social media platform essentially selling topless photos of herself and just for like lingerie I told me about it and yeah we kind of went from there like she started exploring the idea obviously it was totally her own decision our only fans start with laundry pictures and I didn't show my face at the beginning because I was really scared and then wasn't when I took the decision of showing more and everything went up up up and as the content got more explicit there was more money so right now I'm making 250k a month I don't know how do you feel about hitting the two and a half million dollars on any fans oh I'm really proud of each other honestly I was actually thinking that we should go to celebrate we should go for surgery [Music] so I want to post some new content I first started Mark to get involved because one of my fans was really into it and he was asking me like for three four months so then I told Mark why don't we try you know it's something really amateur and he agreed with me my family my parents they don't know yet because my parents are really religious people and very close minded they're very protective so I told them that we are able to support them because we have a big income my family now I don't know the details but they know that we work early fans They Don't Really they don't really ask you any questions you need to know exactly how to set your page out exactly how you deal with the fans there's a lot that goes into it I've been doing this for around about a year and a half now just helping me around kind of takes like the admin side away from what she's kind of doing so she focuses on the page and more of the interaction with the fans so what originally caught the media's attention was from myself hosting a short video on social media essentially broadcasting and celebrating the fact that mirror had made one million US Dollars and it blew up what a lot of people said quite hurtful things and saying quite condescending things and people telling us for instance to to get a real job people calling me a simp essentially following the rhetoric that that I'm controlling her life sometimes I'm really surprised of how strong and bad the comments are you know it's another job of understand that this is a sadness and I'm not stealing I'm not selling drugs I think people go to Mars in our relationship totally wrong our relationship is is a team we work like a team we both do things and take decisions together and we respect each other so bad comments about reactions don't actually make me consider to stop doing it because that's not what affects me I would say my family is the one who reacts in a bad way then I will consider a stopping thank you I'm actually really happy at the moment comparing and when we were in Malta like it was so much job we didn't even have time to spend together you know well we never came down yes what this site is it's a four needs I know it's hard work it's very hard but it's important moments like this yes I love her determination in her personality that's what I would say I love most because every day you wake up and you are committed you are you're driven and I see it in your eyes he's always there for anything I need he's always supportive I really love that about him

  Top Comments:
  1. @Viper-o1q [2 likes]: 200k 🎉 /month 😊 blessed
  2. @donveldman8850 [1 likes]: Does anybody  believe  in the Lord anymore.  Has the entire  world  gone Liberal? My soul is worth $ and I'm ok with  that. WOW, Goodluck at judgment  day. Oh, that's  right you have your own version of Godly  people
  3. @tracywilliams7929 [1 likes]: Betas don't judge.
  4. @adrienbeaudry4077: You go girl
  5. @polong99: My dream marriage
  6. @ShT2006: not your wife everyones wife
  7. @RyanMakk: Girl name please
  8. @RyanMakk: Girl name please
  9. @markbenjamin1703: $250k a month, they get hit with 45% Income tax in the UK
  10. @thabangmotaung4759: Pimp lol real parasite
  11. @brianbrian598: Disgusting. Anything for money that's exactly what she is. You sell sex for money. What are you?
  12. @rajaniarun1106: My networth is 600 million dollar poor couple just make 55k a week 250 k a month 250 k is like my 4 days income i own 5 private jets
  13. @tigerex777: Wow, what a degenerate generation this would has become.  He is literally pimping her and he looks so happy doing it.
  14. @luckyluke1503: A Weak man and a W*ore. They deserve each other.
  15. @JeannettaJoy: They don't hire a professional photographer or makeup artist and they're completely lying!
  16. @Dan-mm1wb: Men who wouldn't support this are possessive of women.
  17. @ammadasif1771: If I get half of the money then I’m fine.
  18. @ulascancakmak4051: Long story short, a hooker and her pimp.
  19. @LorenzoJimenez: SIMP
  20. @randomhindi528: Mia Karina AKA dkarina

- Mom Started An OnlyFans Career - So I Joined Her | MY EXTRAORDINARY FAMILY: Kind: captions Language: en this is my daughter and we are both only fans models people will ask us for little videos of like of us together i live in this suburban bubble where if they could give me a scarlet letter i think they would mccarrans actually hate me their husbands are in my dms oftentimes we get comments from people saying i can't believe it you're pimping out your daughter with only fans what type of content do you guys make i guess you guys like two together how many sausages do you think we'll need um just one just one probably yeah hi my name is mrs robinson and my friends and family call me ginger i am also amber's mom i was a teacher in my 20s and then i worked as a software exec in the advertising industry i retired and then i became an online content creator i like your knives did i buy you these yes we are both only fans models so have you seen any tick tock trends we could do that aren't too like thirst trappy amber is the creative genius after school i moved to new york city to pursue my degree in musical theater and i auditioned probably four to five times a week i had a serving job i was a secretary at a dance studio and i was working in retail and i finally landed a cruise contract as a vocalist and we boarded our ship on march 14th 2020. what else do you need anything honey you can just hang out month all right cool even saying it makes me emotional this was my dream job coven ruined a lot of good things for a lot of people mmm smells really good amber thanks mom i was wildly depressed at first and then my mom started her only fans i had never seen her as happy as she was once she started that because she finally didn't care about what people thought and she had freedom to do what she wanted to do so my former marketing career was amazing i started the job so long ago that newspaper ads were the first thing i sold and of course the internet took over newspaper i ended up getting recruited by a really big company what made you quit your job and joined the adults industry it had become very cumbersome to be gone every week on a plane and traveling as a single mom and needing everyone's help to take care of my responsibilities at home and i didn't like the way that felt yay thank you you're welcome i was too young to be as burned out as i was and um retired and this fell on my lap and it was just history after that and the cow is crazy it was really crazy my mom and i do not do anything together professionally we don't film explicit content together we don't take explicit photos together it's important to us to maintain the boundary of we are colleagues but we're also mother and daughter i think i'm ready are you i have this one oh i like that do that i love this shirt and i haven't gotten a chance to wear it over it yeah okay i think this is what i'm gonna go with i love it you're gonna look so pretty thanks mom we're gonna look so pretty thank you i got it from my mama i got it from my mama we usually don't like to sit next to each other because we don't want to see each other screaming yeah i definitely don't want to see your screen and you definitely don't want to see mine most of our time is spent on our vip only fans pages because that's those are our fans that are paying to be there so they get us more dedicated than any other platform and we interact with them in the dms and just have conversations with them i live in this suburban bubble where think they would when she told me she wanted to join the industry um at first i was like oh no no no no i thought she was too young i felt like she has too much life ahead of her um to have that scarlet letter for you know lack of better terms i just thought it was it would be a rough road for her um and it hasn't been it's been anything but that and i've been her biggest supporter oftentimes we get comments from people saying i can't believe it you're pimping out your daughter and it's anything but that that's really insulting because i'm 26 years old she doesn't need to let me do anything i try not to engage i i don't read the comments anymore the rude ones it's just really frustrating when people say that we don't work because it's a job i work a lot more now than i did for my corporate job i'm in shock how much money you can make doing this i easily made well over six figures every month my best month was around four hundred thousand dollars and i think it's important to say too and this goes for both our fan bases they're really kind you know they're very kind people we should make that video for that we've been promising him no okay yeah okay hi what's up i am so sorry that we've been so delayed and getting you back your video we hope you're still okay with it and having a great day and a great summer yeah i hope it's not as hot there as it is here because it's really humid yes it's so humid here and it's friday so i hope you have lots of fun plans you're our favorite yeah and have a wonderful wonderful weekend we'll talk to you soon bye can you explain a little bit about it yeah so um people will ask us for little videos of like um of us together just kind of giving like a shout out like hey hello what's up he has been a fan since the very beginning and he's very generous and kind and sweet and i and i can speak for both of us having authentic conversations and relationships with our fans is of utmost importance to us you ready to make some tick tocks okay just tell me what i have to do ready yeah what do i do with my face oh i didn't i can't hear it i'm sorry she's so good at these [Music] i like that how long do you think you would continue this type of work um i mean personally i'm just gonna keep doing it because i have fun with it and um i'm slowly entering the creator space and less so the adult industries i just think this is the beginning of my career as a performer and a content creator which is what i always wanted anyway i'm no spring chicken but i think i'll continue as long as i'm capable of doing it because i am getting older and um i don't know i'm loving the content creator space and kind of moving away from the adult part of it it's just a mother who supports her daughter and what she does and a daughter who supports her mother and what she does i love her i support her i can lay my head down at night knowing i am being the best mom daughter friend and person that i'm capable of being you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sigmundjung936 [2 likes]: Karl Marx wasn't wrong about capitalism
  2. @Lancelot0311 [2 likes]: Disgusting women
  3. @Anything.with_me2026 [2 likes]: It is not content creation 😂 it is online prostitution 😂, what is going....
  4. @Bryan-w4v8o [1 likes]: The "LOST WORLD"
BUT, I'd still smash both.
I'm a man forgive me 😂
  5. @SiddarameshwarBiradar [1 likes]: Are they lesbian
  6. @Der_Hommel [1 likes]: Where dad?
  7. @DianaParker-te6py [1 likes]: Where are the bloody fathers!!
  8. @videosandstuff7328: Hubby/Daddy must be so proud. So proud. 😆
  9. @genemartinez2833: I’m more attracted to the mom. ❤
  10. @LorenzoJimenez: Wondering? Mrs. Robinson and Amber Blake (professional names) go all the way! And not only Onlyfans!
  11. @dax2321: you two are so nasty
  12. @modernlust8850: All their story translates to is "i didn't wanna work anymore"
  13. @Shannon-ij1pm: On another website I have seen Ginger in various stages of undress and she is gorgeous.  She truly shines in elegant lingerie.  Amber goes by Amber Blake in the adult industry.
  14. @thisisthecityboy: Her name is Mrs Robinson 😂😂, you can't make this up
  15. @sureshkadam3480: Live example if roots are not strong then the tree will fall in a small wind also
  16. @RAli-lk1bo: Suits you
  17. @Wristreveal: Smash
  18. @dmitrydagaev2750: I can't believe it, you p1mping out your daughter.
  19. @bustyindian6000: Names?
  20. @Sharmajay69: Career??

- This 3-Step Strategy Made Her $40,000 Per Month Fast! (On Onlyfans): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how one of my creators just went from earning $36 in a day, $40,000 in 30 days in literally six weeks. No crazy ads, no big following, just a simple six week strategy. And she executed it perfectly. So, if you're an Only Fans creator or if you're an agency owner, take notes because this strategy is what's working right now. When this creator joined us, she was honestly making $ 36 to $40 per day, which is about $1,000 per month. She was posting random content like cosplay pictures, the odd selfie, a little bit of gym content, but she just had no clear content strategy. She was just posting just for posting. It's like building a skyscraper on sand. Like there was just no foundations there whatsoever. The moment that she followed our system, it was like strapping some jets to a bicycle. Like she was off. She took to it really, really. And within the first 30 days, she'd gained over 3,000 fans. and 2,500 of those fans was in the space of 72 hours where one of her pieces of content did do relatively well. Now, fast forward like 30 days, she's now earning $40,000 consistently. So, step one is the 6 week organic content road map. And it's essentially just a six week content crash course for creators. And we designed it specifically or mainly for creators who didn't have that eye for content. They didn't know how to grab people's attention and hook them in in that first couple of seconds. So we we made it so that we could turn creators who just didn't know how to make viral content into viral content machines within 6 weeks. And we focus on visibility, virality, and value. And then throughout that 6 weeks, we're making little changes. So if something's working for this creator's target audience, we'll tell them to do more of that. If something doesn't go down so well, we'll be looking at why it didn't. We can get them to stop doing that as much. But before we make the start on the sixe road map, it's important to get the creator to choose their content verticals. And I do that in an onboarding call with them. And this creator specifically that I'm speaking about. I don't know what it was, but she was super receptive to everything that I said on that call. And I got on really well with her from the get-go. We had like a good connection and I couldn't really put my finger on why we were getting along so well. And I said to her, "How how did you find us? Like how did you come to our agency?" And she said, "Oh, I watched your YouTube channel. I watched all of your videos." And I was like, "Really?" She was like, "Yeah, they were really helpful." I was like, "Oh, okay." Being a little bit modest. And I think because she felt like she knew me from watching me speak. And then that showed me that she was like really attentive to the conversation. It just made us both like bounce off each other. And I could tell from that first on boarding call, I r my business partner up and I said, "This creator is going to be good." Like she's she's on it. Like she's fired up. So I said to her like, "Choose your verticals. Let me know what you choose and we'll go from there." So, she chose like podcasts, she chose skits, um, and a bunch of other things like really bold like, you know, out there. To say that this creator had gone from taking cosplay pictures and selfies and a couple of gym videos to then going out there and literally speaking to the camera from zero to 100. She absolutely crushed it. And I always say to anyone that's choosing content verticals, choose something that you're good at, something that you enjoy doing, and something that you can do every day without there being any friction. So, for example, if you choose podcast, yet the podcast studio that you want to use is 2 hours away and the nearest person to actually do it with you lives 4 hours away and they're only going to do it every 2 weeks, then there's probably no point doing it. So, once she chose her verticals and she was confident that she was happy with what she needed to do, I talked her through the process of what she needed to do to bulk create content consistently to stop her from burning out and to help her create as much content as possible every single week so that she can post every single day. So, the process is simple. It's right. You've got your five verticals. On a weekend when you're not filming, find these ideas that you want to use or copy or put your own spin on or write down some things that you want to talk about. Get yourself 21 ideas or pieces of content that you're going to do. Film them throughout that week, but don't post them. And hopefully you'll get them done on a Monday and Tuesday. It's going to be quite difficult to get 21 reals, but it's doable. It sounds like a lot, but once you have the plan that we give them, it makes it super super simple. So that way, she wasn't creating content every single day. She was just having one or two high impact days getting all that content ready. Spent the rest of the week just scheduling, doing captions, getting it all ready for the following week. Then when the following week came, she had three posts to post every single day. And Instagram just loves consistency, especially when it's actually good content as well. Step two was to get her to post three call to actions on her story every single day. And this is the same protocol that we use for all of our creators. We always say three call to actions, morning, afternoon, and night. And a call to action is basically telling someone to come and subscribe to your OAF. So you don't put your OF link directly on your story or use a landing page. But we want to see our creators posting three different images or videos morning, afternoon, and night with their link there and some writing telling them to come and subscribe. And it can be something simple. It doesn't need to be sexualized. It can be you in a dressing gown with your coffee on a morning saying, "Who's coming to chat? I've got the day off work and I'm lonely." The reason why you do morning, afternoon, and night is because you never know when somebody's going to subscribe. People are impulsive. People that subscribe to Only Fans, they don't plan it the night before and go, "Oh, tomorrow I'm going to come to her Only Fans if she's put some good content on." They literally are scrolling. They're in the mood for it. They see your content. Oh, I can come and talk to her. She's got the day off work. Let's go. That's how it happens. So, this creator is then posting free call to actions every single day. She's not getting her account banned because it's nothing risky. And she's when she's posting reels consistently and bringing traffic to her page, they watch her story. they see the link, even though it's in the bio, they see it on the story. It's so much easier to click, sends them straight through. Step three is to tailor Only Fans content to their specific fans. And this is a secret weapon. This is something that barely any Only Fans creator does, and it's a big, big mess up. They'll create content and they'll send it to fans hoping that it's something that they like. But we've flipped that. We've created content that her fans already proved and shown us that they've liked. So, we've gone through their chats and seen what content they've bought. We put them into lists and we get our creator to follow a plan based on what their fans like to see. So, we've studied what they like and we've just served them more of it. So, you know, it's not a guessing game anymore. It was the gourmet menu and they are starving. So, they are buying that food. And just by tracking the performance of her sales so we can see what is working and what's not. Results in higher engagement rate, higher open rate, and way higher PPV buying rate. And it's always higher price as well. When you stop guessing your audience, when you stop playing that guesswork and just praying and start diving in and going off actual datadriven decisions, you make better content and you sell it for more and more people buy it. And the final step to bring all this together, step four, is going live on social media, specifically Tik Tok. We give the creators a specific Tik Tok live strategy guide. Obviously, you can't have your OAF link in your Tik Tok bio. It's a it's a no-go. You will get banned. But there is ways to drive traffic from Tik Tok to your Instagram page and then through to your Only Fans page. So this all works as one big circular motion. So our creators usually go or typically go live on Tik Tok for 1 hour following a content vertical or strategy that we've given them which sends traffic from Tik Tok to their Only Fans page where they are posting three reels per day, three call to actions per day and then straight through to their Only Fans page where we have tailored content ready to go out at a high price. Our creators also go live on Only Fans once per week, not to put a show on, not to do some live strip tees, not to make any extra cash, but purely just to build relationships with their fans. So, if you're an OF creator watching this and you're a bit shy on going live and you're a bit like, "Oh, I don't really want to put a live show on. I don't really know what to say." It's just as simple as show these fans that you are a human being. If you can do that and just sit there on live and be like, "Hi, I just wanted to jump on. How are you?" And just be a little bit bubbly. Don't be like shy and be like, "Hi, I just wanted to say hello. Yeah, what you doing?" Just be yourself, but just have that little 10% extra energy. And if you spend one hour a week on Only Fans Live, I guarantee you as soon as you finish that live, you'll have like 20 people messaging like, "Oh my god, I love seeing you live. Like, when can we do this? Can I buy this content? Can I do this custom?" The the customs will flood in because people on Only Fans don't want to just buy content. They don't love that transactional feeling. That's not why they're doing it. They're not obsessed with spending money. Yes, there is whales who spend cash. But the reason why, especially in 2025 and the strategy has switched up so much. The reason why only fan subscribers spend money is because they become obsessed with the creator. They have an online girlfriend in their mind. So, you need to give them that experience. You need to build that relationship. Get in them chats and literally show your fans how much you want to speak to them, how how interested you are in their lives. Get that comfortable relationship going. Then they will spend money. But you going live on OF once a week and showing your presence and showing them that it's you, that's going to make you more money. So, let's recap how this creator went from $36 a day to 40k per month. 6 week content roadmap. That means it's a crash course. You need to be creating 21 reels per week, posting three reels per day based on five content verticals that you want to create. If you have no idea what content verticals are, give me a DM on Instagram at thejuke and I'll give you access to my content verticals. You also want to be posting three call to actions on your story per day, not your OF link because it will get you blocked. Just use your like your landing page link. Create specific only fans content depending on your fans wants and needs. Go live on Tik Tok for at least one hour per day. You haven't got the Tik Tok live strategy. In fact, DM me on IG. I'll give you the live strategy for free. and then go live on Only Fans for one hour per week. That is it. And just build a relationship. There is no luck in this game. Like you will not get lucky if you just keep posting on Instagram thinking this might go viral, this might send traffic, this might do this. You're just posting to your current followers. Instagram is not going to show you to non-followers. You need a strategy. You need to look at data. You need to get techy with it. If you're a creator and you genuinely do want help. It doesn't matter what level you're at. If you are earning 5K a month and you're struggling or if you're earning 50 to 100K per month and you want to make more, we can help you. Like we have systems for absolutely everyone. We know how to scale any creator. So if you do want help or if you want access to the content verticals or if you want free access to the Tik Tok live strategy, I don't care. I'm not trying to gateep it. I give it to our creators and sometimes our creators leave and take it with them. I'm not like give me that back. I will just give it to creators because I was a creator myself for 5 years. I know how hard it is and I want to help everyone be successful. It's not going to take any money out of my pocket. So, give me a DM. I'll send you over. If you want to work with us, click the link in the description. That'll take you to our website, amoreconulting.co. Click the link. There's a video on there that you could watch. It tells you exactly what we do. It's actually pretty helpful. So, maybe watch it. It's like 10 minutes long. But also, you can click apply here, fill out a form. We'll see that and we'll get in touch with you. Other than that, if you can't be asked doing that kind of stuff, just hit me a DM on Instagram and I'll speak to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaninm.c4851 [5 likes]: Can you talk about ladies who want to start onlyfans in a  unknown form as in like wearing mask doing your content...?
  2. @kaitlyngovender4327 [4 likes]: Trying to get in touch or join your agency is virtual impossible
  3. @Skyedoeseverything [2 likes]: Step one: be hot
  4. @WorthItorWaste81 [1 likes]: Can you help out with even getting approved to start. Not matter how many times I take a picture of my IF and self keeps getting denied. Pls help.
  5. @walterwhite1 [1 likes]: THANKS BROTHER. NICE TATTOOS THEY LOOK COOL 😎 ON YOU!
  6. @kadijakallon2533: Interesting 🤔
  7. @OptionSpreadProfits: Crazest dude on earth. Cant watch all that disgusting ink
  8. @ZenxbiaMusic: i think it’s funny that ppl r calling OF managers pimps but they’re helping girls make livings for themselves and it’s all their choice lmao
  9. @coffeecrispaddict: Scam
  10. @hemar5862: Could you please guide me on how to grow my OnlyFans page?
  11. @SolangeSolange-t7m: Thanks Ellis,you are an inspiration
  12. @georgiabrown1487: Loved this video thank you so much 
Going to watch all your other videos then dm you
  13. @Joe-y2r9z: Virtual pimp
  14. @BrenninScott: Trying to help my gf with her Only fans and trying to find ways to promote her what are the easiest ways to promote her pics?
  15. @Aschenlu97: Do you also work with social media automation tools?
  16. @J3wlz24: Onlyfans live? I haven't heard of this. Is there a way to stream both twitch and OF?
  17. @christopherwood2290: Only a complete moron gets tattoos on his neck and hands.
  18. @positivity29: Is this strategy only for woman?  I’m a gay creator is this system universal ? Or only for woman ?
  19. @LEELUNK-IS-A-HUNK: CRAZY HOW THESE CHICKS ARE BANKING ON THERE BY POSTING RACHET STUFF LOL
  20. @AveyaAveya: Looking for an agency

- 5 tips to help u grow your OnlyFans! (Top 4.5% to making $2,000 a week): Kind: captions Language: en Good morning, guys. We are in my car again today because this is my little safe space where I can be loud as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Anyways, we are in my car today. And let me try to scoot back so it's like you can still see me kind of. We're in my car, but we got my phone today. So, um, we are going to be looking at five tips or more to help you grow your Only Fans. Um, anyways, I'm now at the top 4.5% which is great. Anyways, um, but these are like little tips that I do. Um, hopefully it helps you. It's really cold today, so I'm going to try to hurry up with this video because mama's freezing. My mom's freezing. Um, organizing your vault on only Only Fans. So, um, I would say whenever you go to your um, post and stuff like what you have, you can click the little icon that's like your um, profile and underneath it will show like um, profile settings, all this stuff. And then it'll say vault. you click fault and you can go into it and like there's a edit button where you can like edit like what you want to go in these like little categories and stuff. So like you can do like twerking, you know, like different type of videos that you have in your um vault and just organize it so it's like easier to post or it's easier to send to people if like they're kind of confused on like what you post and they're like, "Well, do you have this? Do you have this?" And they're like, "Yeah, let me send it to you." you know, so it helps you just organize that and get that ready for them to see. Anyways, get creative with captions um that help like grab people's attention. So, like one thing I really sucked at or like I I'm not the best at it, but like it's something that I struggle with for a long time is writing a good caption that like grabs people's attention because like if you just say something, they're just going to be like, "Okay, what' you post?" Especially if you have like a um a free page and like everything you post is for a price. Now, if you have a paid page and they already pay the subscription, they're going to see what you have anyways when you post it, unless you send it through like mass DMs and then have them pay for it in like the mass DMs and that pay wall. But, um, I have both accounts. That's been going really good for me actually. And I've been promoting on both. So, I'll like promote on my free page, my paid page, and then on my paid page, I'll promote my free page for the people or viewers that don't have my free page. And it just helps like grow like the community and all that stuff. And it helps like get more people to interact and follow me. And then like I do a lot of live streams on my free one. So that gets a lot of people engaged as well. Literally. So like if you have a video you want to post and like you're trying to come up with a caption for it, I literally suck at doing that. So, it took me a while to like get down to the nitty-gritty and like actually do a lot of research on like, okay, what can I say to grab people's attention because you don't want them just like to look at and be like, "Oh, that doesn't sound very appealing. I'm not going to buy it." You know? So you want to like post some things that's like with a really good caption that like grabs their attention and know like oh this sounds you know obviously what you post don't like lie in it and be like oh yeah this this what happened and obviously it didn't because you're going to get a lot of angry people if you do that and don't do that. So tip number three is um like your own post. So, anything that you post, um, just like it. It'll help your likes go up. But also, for those who don't know what you're about or like haven't seen your page and they go to click that link, at the very top, the first thing that people usually see is like your likes. So, they're going to go to your page and like see how many likes that you have. And obviously, if you have a lot of likes, that helps you like that helps them get the idea of like, okay, like she or he may be really good. Um, and then they'll want to buy either your subscription or subscribe for free and then start buying from you and see what you're about. But that's the number one thing that people mostly see whenever they go to your page is um your likes. And if you have a lot of likes, that's a really good thing. And they want to, you know, subscribe to you, see what you're about, um, all that fun jazz. You know, it's not going to tell anybody that you liked your own post, so you don't have to worry about It's not like Instagram, Twitter, all that. Um, it literally it doesn't tell anybody. It just says like how many likes there is. So, if they see that there's already one like on it, most likely they're going to like it. [Music] Um, now that is tip number three. Tip number four, okay, set a time limit on campaigns. So, what I mean by that is like when you promote every single day, um you can put like there's like a little hourglass on your little um campaigns or whatever. And you can do like you can do like 10 people for um 7 days or 10 people for 3 days or however long you want to do it. You can literally do it up to 30 days and you can do like maybe 50 or 100 people I think. But you can literally just do as many as you want. So like whenever you're posting something um there's a little hourglass obviously. I literally just said that. But um it gives you the option of like when or how long you want it to be posted on there. Like you can do a free trial or you can do um a discounted one. That's what I was looking for is discounted. I was trying to look for it and I didn't know what I was saying. Anyways, you can do a discounted one. Um, you can do like anywhere from like 5% all the way up to literally 100% off, which I normally do like 10% to 30% off for like new subscribers when I'm starting my campaigns or promotions and stuff like that. And then um that just like gets the idea out there and like people are like, "Oh, you know, hers is a low price." Like I really don't charge much a month for mine, which I think that's pretty much a good deal. Um I have a lot of good deals on my stuff too. So, like that's why a lot of people like my stuff and um they really enjoy that because like a lot of these other people that do it too, like they charge out the woo for something that they don't even post good quality on. And at this point, it's more about quality over quantity. So, like if you have a lot of things posted, yeah, cool. But it's more of like the quality of the videos that you're making or like what you're posting, you know? Like I've been doing this for about a year and a half now and I'm like finally getting better at it. But um it took a while for me to like really understand cuz when I first started I had no clue what I was doing. But when I did my research and started going more into it and like diving deep into it and actually going all in on it instead of like halfass doing it, um it really got me a lot of good my hair. That got me a lot of good um outcomes because with hard work comes, you know, better things and hard work literally pays off and it does wonders. So, um, uh, yeah. So, I keep saying so. Anyways, that's what happened. And, um, see, I keep having brain farts. My brain farts today are just crazy. Anyways, that's what happened. And, uh, yeah, I don't I don't know what I'm saying. I really don't. Um, but yeah, hard work pays off. Um, don't worry, you got it. Uh, just keep to it and you'll do a really good job. Um, but just make sure that you have an idea of what your campaign or like promotion that you want to have and then post it and then start promoting from there your campaign so you get more subscribers and stuff. Um, make sure you have a really good bio, too. So, whenever they go and look at your like campaign or whatever you're promoting, they see your bio and they're like, "Okay, well, this is what this person offers, you know." Um, but the way I have it, I have my menu literally posted and pinned to the top of my profile on both my pages, my paid one and my um free one. So, um, that helps a lot of people, too, cuz they can just literally subscribe and then look at my menu and they're like, "Oh, okay. So, this is what I see. This is what she can do." Blah, blah, blah. And then they just chat me or they'll like ask me questions if they have any questions. Anyways, tip number five. 3 hours later, I already did like so many other tips. Um, promote every single day. Let me say it again. Every single day. Use trendy sounds. You can uh wear something cute that will like sell your brand basically. Um, I wear a lot of like V-neck tops because, you know, it's it's out there, if you know what I mean. And I take a lot of cute photos. Um, I post like my photos to like trendy sounds or like I'll post um like short little cute videos or like what they say thirst traps to like these songs and stuff and it gets me a lot of views and it helps promote what I'm trying to put out there in a way that I'm not trying to actually like say what I do because then I'll get banned on these apps and stuff. So, I'm not really trying to say what I do except for Twitter, obviously, because it's a very open platform and Reddit, but um yeah, I'm not trying to say what I do on these because I don't want to risk it, but at the same time, I'm like making these thirst traps or like these videos and stuff and I'm like, okay, well, I'm putting it out there so you know, you can do the extra step and then like look at my Instagram and then click the link if you want do. But on my other accounts, I can't really do that because I don't want to. I have like 43,000 followers on one of my accounts, and I really don't want to I don't want to risk that. So, I can't I'm It took me like since till last year to build all those followers. And it wasn't even just like thirst traps. It was literally like me doing like acting videos, vampire diaries, trendy videos. It was me doing like everything that everybody does basically, just something relatable to fit in. And then that's what got me all my followers. And then recently, well, not recently, back in like 2022, I started doing like a lot of thirst traps. And that's where like most of my followers came from. So yeah, but um I'm very grateful. I'm very grateful for, you know, what it's given me, what um the opportunities I have from it. And I don't I don't regret it. Like I was it the best decision to make? Probably not. But do I regret it? No. Um, I actually have, you know, compassion and like I I I like what I do, if that makes sense. you know, me and my partner do it together, so it's not like I have to like do it with anybody else, but um you know, opportunity is out there and I'm really grateful for what it's given me and like and I can tell you guys, but obviously, you know, if it's something you're thinking about doing, go ahead and do it if you want to. But like I'm not telling you to do it. She's not telling you to do it. the cat, the dog, the fish, they're not telling you to do it. So, I wouldn't pressure you into that if that's something that like you're either overthinking or like you're wanting to do, but like you're afraid of like people judging you for it. Because no matter what, people are going to judge you for whatever you do. That's just the truth. Like, everybody in this world is going to judge you for your hair. They're going to judge you for the way you look. They're going to judge you for the way you walk, you walk down the street. and you don't even do Only Fans, like they're going to judge you no matter what. So, who cares? It's your life. Live it. Like, if it makes you happy, if it pays your bills, if it whatever it does for you, do it. Let it make you happy. It's not their life. It's your life to live. Um, don't don't waste your time thinking, "Oh my gosh, well, this person's going to think about me this way, or I'm going to get, you know, bullied or hate comments for wanting to do this, blah blah blah." Like, who cares? It's it's you. It's your body. It's what you want to do. Don't let a man or woman tell you you're doing a bad job or, you know, cuz at that point, they're just mad because they can't do it themselves. Number one. Number two, they don't have the confidence that you do to do it. So, do not waste your time and let people talk down on you because at the end of the day, only you can look out for you. And that's just me telling you. That is just me telling you. Just don't let that bother you. Don't let that get to you. It's stupid. It really is. Like, you cannot let things like that get to you. Now, if you're not thinking about doing Only Fans and you saw this video, obviously this video is not for you. But if you watched it this long, thank you. I appreciate the views. But um yeah, I'm not telling you to do anything. So do it on your own whim. Do not do it because I told you so. Because I'm not telling you so. I'm just giving you ideas out there that if you're thinking about doing it, sure, you know, go ahead, do it. But if you're not thinking about do it, this video is not for you. And you can just watch it if you're just curious. That's it. That's all I have to say. Anyways, thank you for coming to my TED talk. Um yeah, that's all I have to say really. Um promotion was a big key for me in being successful in making like I think I make like 2K a week now, almost 2K a week now, which is really good. And I'm the top 4.5%. So that's really good. Um before when I first I think my lowest income a month was um 700. So I literally came a long way from making literally $700 a month. I'm not going to say what I make now because it's no one's business. But you know um hard work pays off. Seriously. And if you're thinking about doing it, you need to be dedicated and take it seriously because Only Fans is literally a full-time job. Like all these girls that post it like, "Oh my gosh, you know, I'm going um traveling. I'm doing this. I'm doing that." Like, yes, they are. And it's cool and it's it's fun. Trust me. I just went traveling recently and it was very fun, but you got to realize like you're on your phone 24/7. So like you don't get a break. Like as soon as you wake up you got to promote. You got to pro promote on every single platform that you have and then all day long you got to talk to people. You got to make money. You got to be on your phone. And if you're a type of person that does not like to like be on your phone, then it's not for you. If you're a person that doesn't like social media or getting on social media, but you want to do Only Fans, it's not for you. Unless you just suck it up and you're like, "Okay, I'm just going to bite the bullet and promote every single day, gain my followers." Because believe it or not, where you get all your um fans from is not just from promoting, but it's like your community that you build on Twitter, Tik Tok, Instagram, Reddit, threads, like all those people that follow you on all those platforms will eventually like some of them follow you to Only Fans. And you got to take that seriously by promoting every single day because if you miss one day, the algorithm just messes you up basically. So that's all I have to say. Um, it was a long conversation and I don't know what else to say, but that was my that was my five tips to help you grow your own fans and get you to the top. Maybe 10% if you got it. Seriously, in all seriousness, that was my five tips to help you grow your Only Fans. So, if you like this video, give it a thumbs up. Um, and thank you for watching. I'll be back next week in a different video, probably about something different, crazy, obviously. Um, if you haven't seen my other video, which I I posted, it's um my trip to Texas to see the Vampire Diaries cast. So, I literally I literally lost my mind. They're so sweet. I love all of them. And if they're doing one next year, guess who's going again? Guess who's going again. Anyways, thank you so much for watching. I love you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonicalderon3292 [14 likes]: I need an of bestie like you to stand over my shoulder and tell me what to do 😂
  2. @carleigh9464 [2 likes]: Like your own posts but through an alt!
  3. @MistyMagdalenaGrace [1 likes]: How many hours a week did you work to get to $2000/week????
  4. @niamphdollieofficial [1 likes]: Can you help me with mine..? I need help asap
  5. @gud3742 [1 likes]: This is what happens when you prioritize money over spirit.

OnlyFans is the Devil's honeypot.

What every eager prostitute eventually realizes is that she has a soul.

That's why prostitution is wrong.

How are you prostituting yourself?

Note: I am not making light of prostitution when it is forced or girls have no other options to survive. That is serious and sad. I am making light of girls who don't need to do prostitution but do it because they are too spoiled to do serious work.

Why does spirituality and traditional religion demonize money?
Why do I speak negatively and dismissively about money?
Because money is an improper priority. Money supplants Truth. Once you are driven by money, you have lost all sight of what is Good and Right. Money is like prostitution. It harms your relationship with Yourself. Don't betray Yourself for money. Don't betray the spirit for material. The material must subordinate itself to spirit, otherwise evil reigns. Because spirit is more real than material. Material is derivative of spirit. This is not a matter of morality, it’s a matter of ontology. Spirit is the highest reality. Spirit is the source of all Good.
  6. @Raw_Truth_Live: I love this video
  7. @deniaerives1161: Ive been promoting my paid OF through X/Twitter is that good?
  8. @teenkingzz5825: There is nothing wrong with women (or men) being on OF. It’s wild how people watch free porn, engage in hookups, and have all sorts of kinks, yet love to point fingers the moment sex work is done with CONSENT. It doesn't become 'bad' just because they’re charging for it. Stop moralizing financial independence.
  9. @kikithepupper6774: In 2020 when all those women decided on Onlyfans, I sent my applications to medical school... It's 2026 now and I'm about to graduate and become a medical doctor. I have zero regrets. It's one of the few things I chose right in my life. I only accumulated debts over the years, but now I got something to show for it and will help others as I always wanted to. Some of those onlyfan girls may have struck gold and probably made more than I'd ever would in a short amount of time, but at least I know I'm going to save people with my skill, be stable in my career, and be respected for my hard work... Choose the path that will fullfill you internally, over quick dopamine rush and cash
  10. @Cashmereeeee: Are there other platforms instead of OF?
  11. @suliashavi: Ig is blocking, Facebook is blocking. They want me to pay taxes but noone wants us to earn... sad truth in Europe. Algorithms here are screwed 😢
  12. @xvickyrawx: Ive been doing OF since 2021 and i agree completely
  13. @lettymedellin69: How do you know how much to charge.
  14. @BrenninScott: Im trying to help my gf already has an account trying to promote her account
  15. @AbyssinianGirl: Umm that’s it? Selling your self all for $2000 a week? Disgusting
  16. @chanelflowers8264: Thirst traps 🤔 I’m clueless but need the info
  17. @SunkenButterfly: Love your videos! 🙌 just started a fansly yesterday, nothing posted yet, just about to go through all my SD card materials to figure out what to post?
  18. @531roxy: I'm so confused. So as a beginner is it better to start with a free page or paid page?
  19. @AliEmbree-r9v: It takes work work work n then some ahah
  20. @AliEmbree-r9v: Your so funny

- TELLING MY BOYFRIEND I WANT TO START AN ONLYFANS WITH ANOTHER MAN: Kind: captions Language: en but don't bring him to my house for real well too late i already gave him the address he's on his way okay he'll be here well just know he's gonna go down already be here not starting on mass he's just trying to help us what man wouldn't start no mess when you just said he's gonna come up with my house in our house and my baby it's not just your house it's our house in my bed in our bag while i'm in the living room and yes this is our living room i'm taking care of business so i'll be sitting in the room while he's in my bed with you taking care of business yes so can i take care of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he'd sit here [Laughter] it would just be too much i can't handle two guys i'm sorry i'm not gonna like i said don't don't bring them over here that's all i gotta say how can you shut that down i i said why i said this don't bring him in my house well too late me too late what that means i already gave him the address he's on his way how do you know because i sent him he said he was on his way he texts me and he tells me that he's here right now he's here there's come playing me man i'm not playing with you i'm not playing yes [Music] what's good youtube family it's your girl desire again and i am back with another epic prank on your boy taryn if you are new to the real td family channel make sure you give this video a thumbs up don't forget to hit that subscribe button and that notification bell as well basically you're gonna come to him right now he's editing a video serenity sleep so i'm gonna come to him on a serious note all jokes aside and i'ma tell him i'm gonna tell him hey i wanna start a only fans without you but with another guy make sure y'all give this video a thumbs up it's going to be hilarious let's get it let's go okay hey put your headphone down i gotta talk to you what it's serious stuff put it all the way down wait i've been thinking to start my only fan but so why do you want to start your own fans it would help to make us money we are making money right now so what what type of money how much is it well it's extra money you know only fans they make a lot of money right so i've been thinking that would be perfect for me and then plus i got a text message from i don't know some big company they said they will pay me 20 000 and we can go half and half ten thousand for you two thousand for me okay is it what kind of video is it is like a challenge frame what is that don't tell me is that it well with a girl well you don't want to do it so i gotta find somebody else to do it no no no girl i'm not a lesbian i know you ain't something to do are you serious i'm not i'm definitely not talking about why not it's extra money that's so good hey the only person they're gonna be doing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is not okay we're gonna be doing this every day it's not an everyday thing [Applause] i'm for real ain't nobody gonna come in here with this stuff i don't know why the hell are you bringing people over here anyway because i thought you would be cool with it why would i be cool with that are you serious you're cool with everything if it if it's about money you should be cool with it it's strictly business it's not nothing serious yes yeah take someone call him and tell him that you're not interested well i already told them that it's a closed deal they on their way you better call them and tell them don't bring their tail over here babe it's gonna help us in the long run i don't need that money this we do that's dirty money i don't need that it's not dirty money money is money babe and go in there and tell him not to bring his eyes over here it's too late they are already probably already here by now why it's only for today that's it you're gonna be happy you're gonna change your mind when you see the money you're gonna be glad that i volunteered and i no i might regret it okay we'll see so you should be happy so what why are you acting like that like so why would you think that i would be okay with that that's what i'm confused about why would you think i'll be okay with that because you know i was there's money involved it's a lot of money that's not a lot of money dude and it will help us with our youtube channel our youtube channel is fine it would help with serenity and so much more so why not be cool with that why are you covering your this is the outfit that i'm gonna be wearing you don't like it are you serious why so you gonna work with you this is what's gonna make us the money a few moments later i'm already ready i don't know like i just said you're not going down and okay with me doing that at least i'm grinding and making us money y'all doing in here yeah somewhere back there it's enough room it's just hey anybody going on our bench okay that's disrespectful you don't want one of those cash yes i don't want that money he's not going to come in on my bed you know you're missing out on the opportunity so this is our only shot yes i'm not supposed to leave you on okay well he should be coming in here in five minutes okay is he here what you laughing for it's not like he's gonna come up in here and he's gonna live here you're just gonna come in here for the red we're gonna handle business in here why not and you want if you're gonna do all that you know back yourself and go now you kicking me out i mean i will can you still saying he's gonna come over here and you still saying you wanna do this the 21 000. yeah i want that hey get out of here what do you mean you don't do that you waste my time that's easy money are you serious yeah i'm serious he's not coming up in here doing that yeah he is he gonna come up in here anyways i want him to let him in oh let me cause i can't shut down 21 000. i'm sorry let me well i just take the whole thing i'm not gonna share it you don't have to share it you're not gonna be in this obstacle shirt at all anyway my name is on the lease i don't care about to not be on the leaves i'm on here for 12 months okay we're not starting on mass he's just trying to help us what man wouldn't start going when you just say he's going to come up with my in our house it's not just your house it's our house sitting in the living room yes so can i take care of vision and no no because he said that that wouldn't just be too much i wish it would it would just be too much i can't handle two guys i'm sorry i'm not gonna like i said don't don't bring him over here that's all i gotta say well too late it's me too late he texted me and he told me that he's she's right right now he's here there's come playing me man i'm not playing with wait no i'm for real i'm pro come back he's right here look he's right here don't even cancel what he's right here don't i didn't do you no type of way he's right here in front of your face yes great someone you always at the wrong time you don't prank your man like that i believe it's at the right time it's not going to pray get the camera in my face man play too much i'm sick and tired of you praying hey get the camera on my face man for real here you go now you mad again why you do that to me hey he's right why you do that to me in the car hey i was just playing with you you had to take it that far well i'm playing with you you did take it too far maybe i'm done with these videos i don't need friends you went too far with this i don't think i did y'all well i think that's the end of this epic prank go ahead and give this video a thumbs up if you think i've pulled a good prank on your boy taryn and make sure you subscribe to our channel and don't forget to hit on that notification bell as well so you guys can stay connected stay tuned in and most of all stay blessed peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @boogashigi [2 likes]: Hahahahahaha boy you was ready to scrap
  2. @lifeoftreysempire2661 [1 likes]: Lol 😂
  3. @desmondlivingston7969 [1 likes]: Damn bro she got u again 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  4. @Teva_Queen [1 likes]: Omg this is hilarious 😂 listen you got him really good 😂 your hair and make up is beautiful 🥰
  5. @Mr20west [1 likes]: The too late face 😤😤😂😂😂😂Not in this here house not my castle 😂😂😂

- Our reaction to couple breaking up over only fans account #onlyfans #couplereaction: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back welcome back to the kelly media review channel we are your hosts i'm mk and i'm fk and today we're going to be reviewing a couple breaking up over only fan account talk to me about what like i don't know what it is that you want to talk about please go to the house with me because you made a only fans account and i told you not to oh well that was deep well i think that that's well deserved you know like you go go create the only fans account and go show your ass to the world i ain't going for that i ain't gonna do it and i agree because i'm pretty sure that she has even let him know that she was interested in even creating an account or let's say maybe she didn't tell him so now that's dishonesty so my honest opinion is that if you are in a committed relationship i don't feel like that's appropriate and i think that when it comes to relationships it has to be even ground balance and you know if he did that in a row like how would she feel about that i don't agree with it and she was like are you gonna pay my bills so to me that just insinuated that it's all about money yep so it's all about money i mean i i just can't go for that like ain't no way in hell i could be in a relationship and my woman gonna go join our only fan account unless we're doing it together all right if you're gonna do it together hello okay so but anyway guys thank you all for watching we're gonna be doing plenty more reviews just like this one please like share subscribe share the video i'm trying to get to a thousand views bye july my birthday's in july i'm a leo so if y'all could we appreciate y'all if y'all can go ahead and hit that like and subscribe thank you guys so much for your support so until next time we will see you guys later but make sure you leave your comments in that comment section because we would like to hear from you guys and hear what do you guys think about it so until next time see you guys later peace you

- Reasons Couples Get Burned Out As Swingers: Kind: captions Language: en it's a great question um I think for me personally the three um biggest causes for Burnout would be having those conversations um you know through text message that go absolutely nowhere and you feel required or obligated to constantly have these conversations it's exhausting because you have you know your own partner and you have kids in life and work and so that can get really exhausting um I think not finding the right people people can get very frustrated give up easily um sometimes you're just not feeling that great about yourself I know I go through phases where I don't feel that great about my body or I'm just haven't been you know in the right mood and I kind of almost take a step back from the lifestyle you definitely want to feel great um yeah do you have any input babe I have a guest with me what are your leading causes for Burnout there's just so much going on it's almost over state yeah constantly over over stimulation you're like dude I'm I'm done yeah I'm done yeah and it's just sometimes you're just tired like you just you have other things on your plate and definitely the like talking to people constantly and the conversations that I am to maintain those like relationships and conversations and trying to fit in like dinner dates and all of that can be extremely exhausting um so that's one of the like biggest reasons for us um and then yeah it was a great question though really really good question [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @growinmoflower3391: Always admired the fun just never got to explore, cool content ✌
  2. @Jaxons-dad: ❤❤❤❤ yes great information :)

- 15 Ways To Be A Power Couple: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys it's kate here from dudehack.com and today i'm going to be running through 15 ways on how to be a power couple power couples we all know them think about chrissy teigen and john legend barack and michelle obama we're all striving for relationship success whether you're in a relationship or at these still in the tinder swiping stage of the journey being half of a power couple is a goal for many and in answer to the obvious question what is a power couple usually when you know you just know but what exactly makes a power couple how do you and your significant other become a power couple well just before we jump into that a little reminder my name is kate from dudehack.com a website that is all things dating if you are looking for the other half of your power couple go and take dude hacks free quiz this is going to tell you what dating app is best suited to you also please consider subscribing as it tells the algorithm that you want to see more of me and steve and we can keep making these videos okay let's get into it so according to experts a power couple is a couple who supports each other's individuality and complements each other's strengths and successes they have each other's back and appear strong and resilient to the outside world power couples include two people who are well known for their individual merit rather than just being known as so-and-so's husband or what's-her-name's wife you will know the accomplishments of both parties in the couple and be kind of in awe of how powerful they are alone and as a unit obviously the best-known power couples are famous to add to my list at the beginning yeah i've been thinking about it there's beyonce and jay-z prince harry and meghan markle nick jonas and priyanka chopra honestly the list is so long it seems like high flyers attract each other crucially though neither member of a power couple tries to step on their partner's toes they have whole and separate lives and careers which are not focused on their relationship in fact there are a few power couples of the past who broke up due to some shoe stepping so here today i have 15 ways to become a power couple unless you're already part of one starting at number one work as a team to claim power couple status teamwork is super important just like sports or athletes a team can't succeed without the individual members striving for the success of the group as a whole both people in the relationship need to be there ready to work with their partner on overcoming problems and lifting each other up in the process when one person shines the other feels as proud as if it was their own achievement and you can tell that by talking to them a promotion for one is a promotion for both when being in a couple as a team being able to work together is huge in a long lasting and successful relationship two take turns in the limelight it's a common misconception that a power couple has to include two alpha personalities ruthless in their desire for success actually for a relationship to be truly successful each person has to know when to step back and let their partner take the reins each person is strong enough to lead and to follow and the most important thing is going with the flow this is one of the reasons many power couples get together a little later on in life george and amal clooney's bring to mind once both parties have established careers and don't need that limelight consistently in some ways it's like a dance one person takes the lead and the other follows and then they seamlessly switch over neither person ever lets the other fall into the shadows because they're both as important as each other this gives the impression that as a couple they experience constant success and allows you to rest one at a time three have separate worlds outside of their relationship being each other's entire universe is actually not a situation love tends to thrive in it can lead to unnecessarily pressure and can result in an unhealthy relationship it's easy to think that power couples must be everything to each other and rely on each other for everything but it's not the case power couples usually contain two people who are happy and secure in their lives and have full lives both together and apart separate hobbies and interests are really important in general and a person will be better off with more than one important relationship in their life i'm talking about friends family co-workers one person can't be everything to you to be happy you need support from all different people four prioritize quality time not money power couples know that spending quality time together is one of the most important elements of a healthy relationship in fact they go out of their way to make sure that they're getting enough time together even if it means working a little bit less or sacrificing other things they don't rely on money as the main source of happiness in their life as this will usually lead to stress and strain money may come from success but it isn't the main aim studies have shown that satisfaction in love and long-lasting relationships are strongly connected to having a strong bond to friendship even though a lot of people think a power couple must be wealthy it turns out money isn't the biggest thing that will make your partner happy surprise surprise the real money was the love that you found along the way not really you can't pay rent with that sorry number five don't take each other for granted it is really easy to take your partner for granted sometimes over months or years you grow accustomed to things that your partner does for you or you kind of start to expect them remembering to appreciate the little things is absolutely a power couple move after all the most basic component of a power couple happiness together if you find yourself feeling grateful and expressing that when your partner does something like bring you a cup of coffee in the morning or a sweater when you seem a little bit cold you're on your way to being a power couple don't overlook the things that you've done out of love and care number six feel secure power couples trust each other and that is a fact this is because their relationships are built on communication respect honesty and commitment if a couple is used to moving through situations together as a unit they're able to face just about any difficulty easily if you feel safe and secure knowing that your partner is working with you and not against you trouble is much easier to overcome even when power couples are apart they find ways to connect constant communication is key to feeling secure in a relationship and power couples do that seven compromise on scheduling power couples have busy schedules obviously with both people leading strong and rich lives clashes are going to happen you're always going to think that your thing is more important but this type of conflict is common and a big problem in relationships if people are unwilling to compromise on plans in a relationship it can make one or both people feel like they aren't seen as important to their partner power couples will be able to overcome these hurdles without too much trouble both parties understand that the natural ebb and flows of their relationship mean sometimes that they have to sacrifice once for the sake of fairness and respect the long-term effects of this attitude will be better than any single event or party just super quickly before we move on to number eight if you are liking this video so far we would really appreciate if you could give it a like and even hit that subscribe button for similar content eight be strong as individuals of course the very nature of the power couple is that they're strong together but they also have to be strong apart in a power couple each person is capable individual and has their own merits they will be known for their own personalities and achievements as well as those of their partner and if they didn't have their partner they would still be an impressive individual this can be down to trust and respect each person continues pursuing their own past and interest while in the relationship as well as celebrating things together number nine thrive together the flip side of this is that you also work as an unstoppable unit to really qualify as a power couple you need to be successful on your own but also thrive in your partnership this means never tearing each other down and celebrating all of your individual and relationship successes equally in a power couple each person feels supported by their partner and excited to share news goals and experiences with them despite being accomplished on your own at the end of the day you are in a hopefully long-lasting partnership and you are on the up together ten talk openly about goals and successes we all have hopes dreams and goals and sometimes they can be difficult to share or discuss it's a pretty vulnerable place to be letting someone into your inner world power couples make a big effort to share these things with each other so they can support each other to achieve them they understand that now that they're in a partnership the successes will be joined and will be far more likely to happen if they build their life around them together this can mean compromise as life goals can come with big changes if one of you is dreaming of living abroad or making a total career change the other should know so they can adjust their expectations for your future together 11. protect each other despite power couples being individually independent they will protect their partner at all costs a power couple will stick up for each other when needed and always have one another's back a power couple tends to be one another's biggest fan and they aren't shy about sharing their fandom if you are a power couple you will recognize when your partner needs you and put down everything else to make sure things are okay you will work together to make things right and even if that means one person taking a stand for the others that's not a problem you put your ego aside for the benefit of your relationship 12. exercise together exercise is a great way to release endorphins blow off steam stay healthy it's not always easy to get around it so having a supportive cheerleader around helps a lot since power couples are each other's number one cheerleaders they're great at motivating each other generally and this extends to working out as well if you're a power couple working out together you're motivating and being motivated at the same time it's another opportunity to celebrate each other's successes and bond over a shared experience this could be gym workouts at home yoga hiking dates tennis skiing ice skating together whatever you're into thirteen respect each other in and outside the relationship power couples maintain a high level of respect for each other at all times even when times are tough or their partner isn't there this means being careful about how much you complain to your friends and co-workers about your relationship or your partner keeping it to a minimum means you appear as a team to the outside world and true power couples will be able to work through their problems without moaning to others i mean does anyone want to be that guy at the office who always complains about his wife and then you go to a staff picnic where you meet her and realize she gave up her career in nursing to raise their children and is way hotter than him yeah me either 14. have a couple name this one is a little bit silly but having a couple name like kim yay or benifer really shows that people think of you as a force to be reckoned with when you're referred to so often that people need to shorthand for you as a couple you're probably a power couple the catch you can't really give this to yourself though you might be able to gently suggest some ideas through jokes and a little bit of a whisper campaign 15. empower each other perhaps the biggest thing that makes a power couple is that you empower each other i mean it's in the name empowering is subtly different from supporting i would hope all couples support each other but empowering your partner means you literally give them power to achieve things this could be work related in personal situations or at any time really rallying around them and making them believe that they can do anything and that you will be there to support them through it power couples empower each other and in turn are grateful and happy and the cycle continues now after this list you still might be feeling pretty smug you're probably already half of a power couple and congratulations but if not there is plenty of food for thought here that you can bring into your next relationship people who would be a powerful match for you are probably already out there and they probably know exactly what they want it's you and it's a power couple relationship with you you can take step towards finding them by taking dude hacks quiz on which dating app is best suited to you do some study on your first date and get going on your journey to the top i really hope you enjoyed this video if you did make sure you hit that like button and make sure you check out our other videos and hit content and make sure you check back in for regular videos soon i'll see you next time bye guys [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @littysavior9181 [3 likes]: After playing pep band, my partner and I were walking past the bleachers so we could exit. Then, someone said "[(now) there's (a or the)] power couple." It turned out they were talking about us. Then I started wondering "what is a power couple really", since I had heard it on social media. And that search had led me here.

I love your presentation and quite enjoy the background. Overall, your style makes the viewer feel at ease. Nice job! 👍
  2. @awais_1999 [1 likes]: ♥️👍
  3. @VlogsWithGareth [1 likes]: Try Thursday! App new thing

- When a Couple Loses Passion - Couple Intimacy Tips: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone and welcome back and other common questions that I get asked is what to do when the couple loses passion or a couple loses their strong unique connection that they've had when they first met it is a common thing that happens anywhere from five to ten years into the relationship so here I thought to talk a little bit about some unconventional ways that you may want to consider in order to kind of restart the flame between you and your significant other that the traditional advice just to go out and just do something together is not specific enough really to get the individuals feeling that intimate bond again so here I thought this is just some less conventional ways how you can truly tap into that bond that you remember having when you first met so the idea of how to rekindle if you want to connect with somebody the idea is to do something that facilitates the Naropa nephron and dopamine in your system that's why I like going to your favorite restaurant well won't do the trick because it needs to be in a novel exciting situation so when people just do the same thing I like to go to a roo bar like my Italian restaurant like that's not gonna do the trick or it does it's not gonna basically love is when two people have Naropa nephron dopamine flowing in their system and they're in proximity like from a neurobiological level that's all that happens right so when you the way to continue having that flowing is having new exciting things because if that's not present Naropa nephron dopamine stops flowing when it stops flowing then the connection loses so that's basically that's why people turn to like drugs and alcohol because drugs and alcohol potentially dopamine right so then person falls in love and prioritizes a substance over an individual because it it produces even higher ly higher intense feelings than love so that's why people who do like this at heroin or whatever it just is just it an emotional relationship can compete with the amount of of intensity that creates by a drummer that's kind of why that's why it's kind of important like a little thing that most people don't know so one thing to consider is finding what you personally find exhilarating and inviting your partner to experience that activity remember the the two most important things to this unconventional way to rekindle in your love is that it's novel and exciting those are the two elements that you always want to consider when you're thinking about an activity with your significant other so a common thing you could do is just basically make a list of the things that are interesting to you and share it with your partner again with the hope of inviting your partner to participate in something that's interesting to you so an another common thing is to schedule an event where you can have a sense of anticipation so again that newness is the important element so put you push yourself outside the comfort zone connecting in a new interesting and different and exhilarating experience is really where people are beginning to create that bond that could last going forward another common thing is to do to experience peak experiences together meaning something as simple as what you know horror movie together or a roller coaster somewhere where there's a lot of exhilaration that's part of that experience again it can't just be something you go to your favorite restaurant or you go on vacation to the same place again that really doesn't have enough to potentiate some of the neuron but your biological changes that are required in order in order to continue a particular bond and intimate relationship another common thing just to go on the idea about the sense of exhilaration and fear when you're able to push through your comfort zone and you have a partner who's there as a safety and security for you that really facilitates a sense of closeness to the other individual for instance learning to how to skate together right if it's something new for you and you an individual who was there for you who could help you in the form of your partner really creates that level of safety and security that leads to a significant amount of closeness and intimacy so another common thing and this is true for people with kids or any nephews or nieces that they might have is really going to their events together remember again joining in into that feeling of pride and love that you have towards your kid in the presence of your significant other really facilitates the level of closeness that we're looking for so that's just another way that you might want to consider when you're thinking about how to plan out your week or day with your significant other remember relationships are very exciting but they also as time goes on require work and I hope there are a couple of things that I've mentioned in this video could actually help you maintain your romantic flame going forward and having a deliberate deliberate plan is really the way to ensure to move forward with some of the things that I

- 92% of Couples Fail Because of These 7 Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en Picture this. You're sitting in the living room having the same fight you had last week and the last week before that and the last week before that. Your voice is getting louder. So is theirs. You're both saying things that you're going to regret tomorrow. And somewhere in the middle of all this chaos, you think, "How did we get here?" Here's what nobody tells you. You're not failing because you don't love each other. You're failing because you're making the same seven mistakes that destroy 92% of relationships. Mistakes you think are normal. Mistakes you think are keeping the peace. Mistakes that feel so small in the moment but are quietly stacking up in resentment, contempt, and eventually divorce. And the worst part is that you have no idea what you're doing. Now, maybe this sounds familiar to you. You avoid conflict because you think it's better than fighting. You keep score of who does more, who gives more, who sacrifices more because it feels like someone has to keep things fair. Maybe one of you is closer to your mom or your best friend or your ex than you are to each other. Maybe every conversation turns into a screaming match where nobody listens and everybody defends. Maybe you've lost that spark, that polarity, that feeling of being masculine and feminine together, and now it just feels like your roommates managing a household. Maybe your boundaries are so blurry, you don't even know what's okay anymore. And maybe you're both so stressed, so buried in work and phones and kids and obligations that you haven't actually connected in weeks. You pass each other in the hallway. You coordinate schedules. You manage logistics, but you don't feel close anymore. And deep down, you're terrified that this is just what marriage becomes. That this is normal. That everyone just eventually feels this way. But here's the truth. This is not normal. It's the seven mistakes. And if you don't catch them now, they will destroy your relationship. Now, if this is your first time on this channel, welcome. I'm Adam Lane Smith, the attachment specialist. And if you're coming back again, welcome back. I'm glad you're here. I have spent the last 12 years working with couples on the brink of divorce, watching them make these same exact seven mistakes over and over and over again. I've seen relationships that looked perfect on the outside crumble because of patterns they didn't even know existed on the inside. I've also seen couples on the edge of collapse turn everything around by identifying and fixing these mistakes before it was too late. Today, I'm walking you through all seven of them. Not so that you can panic, but so you can finally see what's really happening in your relationship and fix it. By the end of this video, you'll understand some key things. First, the seven mistakes that destroy 92% of relationships and why couples think these behaviors are normal or even healthy. Next, the earliest warning sign that I see in couples that predicts failure, the one that they're completely blind to. After that, how these mistakes show up differently in anxious and avoidant pairings versus insecure couples, and why no one ever resolves them without help. That's going to help us talk about which mistake well-meaning therapists accidentally reinforce without even realizing that they're making things worse. And then we'll talk about what the 8% of successful couples do differently when they encounter these same seven situations. We're going to talk about which two mistakes kill relationships the fastest and why they create the most damage. And most importantly, we'll discuss the exact framework that successful couples use to turn kitchen table conversations into solutions instead of living room screaming matches. This isn't about blaming you or your partner, by the way. This is about seeing the invisible patterns destroying your connection so you can finally stop them. So, let's get right into it. Mistake number one, conflict avoidance disguised as peacekeeping. When you think you're keeping the peace, but you're actually killing intimacy. A lot of couples avoid conflict, okay? They think they think if we're not fighting, we're doing okay. If we just stop the fighting, we'll be fine. If we just don't yell, everything's all right. Yeah, it doesn't feel great, but we'll be okay. This leads to suppressing concerns, swallowing your frustrations, pretending everything's fine. Every time you suppress those feelings, your body registers it as stress. Now, suppressed frustration and stress doesn't disappear. It accumulates like pressure put into a sealed container. You've got a pressure cooker now inside of you. There's two outcomes. One, it explodes in a massive fight. Or two, it turns into contempt where you begin to stop caring. Your nervous system links your partner to stress instead of to safety and you develop what's called a cortisol association. When you are around, I hurt, things get worse. You are a problem to be solved. In fact, you are my enemy who makes my life harder. Now, securely attached couples do something very different. They don't avoid conflict. They welcome it. Okay? There's research on this. Couples who make up within 30 minutes of a disagreement or argument are significantly more likely to stay together long term. You have to make up and quickly. So even if you do have an argument or a fight, making up within 30 minutes and actually making up, we'll talk about that look, what that looks like. That's where conflict and intimacy come together. Conflict turns into trust when you actually get through it. Conflict turns into cortisol and stress when you suppress it and it fails to resolve. You can only build trust really through conflict. But avoiding conflict as problem number one is not the only way that couples quietly destroy their connection. It's just one of many. The next mistake is even more insidious because it feels justified. Mistake number two, scorekeeping and fairness obsession. If you're keeping score in your relationship, you've already lost. Okay, I had one client come in and she was constantly tallying, actually physically tallying on a spreadsheet who did more in the relationship, who gave more, who sacrificed more. Every single act of service had an invisible price tag attached. This, by the way, is most often correlated with a toxic anxious attachment style. Right? I give and give and give and therefore I am secretly owed this and I demand you pay it. Here's your bill at the worst possible moment. Tallykeeping and scorekeeping and fairness obsession. This is a massive, massive problem. Okay, I'm doing all the emotional labor and you're doing nothing. And by the way, I will say it was not an accurate tally sheet because there were a lot of things on his side that she said, "Well, those are just the basics. We don't track those." On her side, the basics were tracked. Now, scorekeeping destroys connection brutally. It's it's wild what this does. It turns love into a transactionary system. You are building a transactional economy with reptilian lack of sentiment and comm and connection. It is a raw deal in the marketplace. You're using cash to trade for what you want. Okay? When you're keeping score, you're not really in a relationship anymore. You are in a transaction. This is a business. You are conducting business. Negotiations and transactions like that is not what we're aiming for. Negotiation based on love, intimacy, and compassion and and and capacity, that's one thing. But this of tallying basic services, that doesn't bond people. It actually creates competition. You try to drive other people out of the market. You try to get a better deal. You try to give as little as possible while maximizing your returns. And that turns the other person into a resource to be exploited. Ladies, I want to be really clear for you first. If you are tallykeeping like this in your home and everything's a transaction, you don't have a husband, you have a customer. And that is probably very uncomfortable to hear. But men, by the same token, you are supposed to be doing a lot for your partner. That is the nature of our life. That's a nature of existence. Partners should care for each other. If you are endlessly billing them for what you do for them, you are not providing again. You are just engaging clients. You have people on a subscription service. they can't cancel. That's a hostage situation. Now, more generous relationships are based on something else. Okay? Reciprocity is natural, but open discussion of reciprocity is key. We have conversations about capacity. They turn into capacity-based negotiations. Scorekeeping is obsessive tracking. Secure couples give freely and trust that things will balance, but they have open discussions about capacity. Hey, just a heads up. My capacity is getting really low lately. I I don't know how long I'll be able to give X, Y, or Z to you. I'd love to do that. For me to be able to do that, here's some that I would need in return. Do you want me to continue those things? If you do, are you willing to do these pieces? It's a very open, honest, capacity-based discussion. Okay, you don't want those things. Okay, right off my plate. Thank you. Oh, you do want those things, but you're not willing to do these things. I'm sorry, I can't offer you that. I can offer you a slimmed down version of it. Is that what you want? Otherwise, you're going to get the slim down version or you have to put in over here. Which one do you want? You tell me. Very clear, calm, capacity- based conversations. Okay? When you don't do this, your things fall apart. That's a tally. It's not a fight. That's tallying, which will lead to fighting, by the way, down the road pretty badly when it explodes. But scorekeeping at least at least keeps your focus inside the relationship. The next mistake sends emotional energy somewhere it should never go. Mistake number three is emotional outsourcing. If you're getting your emotional needs met by someone other than your partner, your relationship is already failing. Now, I want to be very careful here. This is not to say that you shouldn't be bonding and getting emotional connection with other people. You do need that. The right the research is clear. You should be regulating yourself about 70% about 15% with a partner and about 15% with the rest of the people in your life. You have family, you have friends, you have good people. You should get emotional needs met, but your partner should be meeting more of your emotional needs than anyone else. And you should be going to your partner first with concerns and connecting to them, not withholding from them and going to someone else instead. routinely especially I had one client come in where his mother almost essentially emotionally was his wife. He grew up with a mom who was miserable in her marriage and continued in a miserable marriage. They never got divorced but she raised her eldest son to basically be her emotional husband who always took care of her feelings, always called, always listened. she could always share with and he learned please my mom please my mom please my mom so when he grew up and eventually got married someday mom was number one priority his wife essentially became his second wife and really didn't like that okay now I'm telling you the story as if it's one person I have seen this hundreds of times but it's not just men who do this either a lot of women do too okay a lot of people say I feel like I'm competing with someone else for my own partner's attention. If there's a competition feeling, you've probably got an issue. Okay, outsourced emotional intimacy, that's an that's a massive problem. I get asked all the time, what is my attachment style? What is my attachment style? What is my attachment style? So, I have finally launched the attachment assessment. This is not a short quiz that just spits out an answer after 3 seconds. This is a thorough, indepth, sciencebacked assessment. Check it out on my website, adamlaneith.com, and learn your attachment style, the severity of what you're dealing with, and some next steps you can take right now to build very secure attachment. Now, there's also a point where friendship becomes betrayal. I think friendships are mandatory, by the way, but there's healthy support versus emotional outsourcing. Healthy support is, "Oh, I had a bad day. Let me let me vent for a few minutes. Okay. Emotional outsourcing. I share my deepest thoughts, fears, and dreams with this person instead of with my partner. I had a moment earlier in my marriage where my wife came to me very upset because she thought I was sharing all of my feelings with my male best friend. And I was shocked. I said, "You think I'm talking about feelings with him all day long?" Turns out at the time I was in a very stressful part of my life where I wasn't really sharing with anyone. But she thought I was sharing with him and she felt betrayed. When she realized I wasn't sharing with anyone, I was just locked down in stress. Her her upset feelings and feeling betrayal turned into deep compassion and I was able to talk more. She prompted me out of it like a good wife does and we had those deeper conversations. And now today, look, I'm thriving. But it was a very difficult part for us to go through. Friendship can become betrayal when you are giving to someone else instead of to your partner. If your partner feels left out, they're starving emotionally while the person over there is eating a feast. Now, this can also become an emotional affair when the emotional outsourcing involves someone of the opposite sex or whoever you're attracted to and you focus on them and get a lot of fulfillment with them. And those emotions begin to build. Even if you don't act on them, you're not having sex maybe, but you're having emotional intimacy. This feels like the partner is being replaced. And in many cases, they are. Now, when emotional needs aren't being met inside the relationship, couples often fall into the next mistake, one that creates so much damage, it's almost impossible to recover from. Mistake number four is reactive communication loops. If every conversation turns into a fight, you're not communicating anymore. You're just reacting. I had a couple that came into my coaching practice. I almost had to yell at them just to get their attention. They were so deep in this loop that one would speak and the other one would whoa and spark and then go and then they would just loop and it was hard to drag them out of it. They couldn't even hear me trying to interrupt. Hey guys, hey, hey, wait a minute. Hey, wait. And they were just looking at each other, paying a significant price for my coaching, ignoring me to just fight over seemingly very little. Okay. The problem here is that you say something, they hear it as an attack, they defend or counterattack, you get hurt, and you loop. Now you're both just yelling statements at each other, which escalates higher and higher and higher, out of control till all both of you, your logical brains diminish. Your emotional brains spike off the charts, and all you're thinking is the next 5 seconds. How do I minimize my pain and maximize my pleasure, which is probably going to involve hurting you? In a reactive loop, I look for these. It's when no one's actually listening. No one's trying to understand. You're other, or even worse, just saying statements at each other like this. H right. Nobody's even trying to solve the problem anymore. They're just reacting, defending, yelling. It keeps looping, getting worse, getting louder. Once you're in this loop, here's what's happened. Your amydala, the fear center of your brain, has hijacked your brain. Okay? Your prefrontal cortex, the judgment center that then goes into the frontal cortex and the higher thinking, shuts down. You're not really capable of empathy or logic anymore. Those are gone. Your nervous system goes into fight, flight, fawn, freeze mode. Okay? It's not processing words as information even. It's processing them as attacks. You need to get away and cool off. But most couples lean into it because it feels urgent to keep going. But reactive loops, they often happen because of deeper imbalances in the relationship. And the next mistake creates one of the most destructive imbalances possible. Mistake number five, a complete loss of masculine feminine polarity. I want to talk about what this means because a lot of strange content creators online use it as sort of woo woo magic energy sort of way. That's not where we're going today. There is actually a strong polarity for attraction that must be there. When the man stops being masculine and the woman has to step into the masculine role, the relationship stops living and starts dying. Now, polarity means something very specific, okay? It isn't just about gender roles or who does dishes or who wears dresses or who cries more. That's that's not the component here, okay? This is about nervous system dynamics. Masculine energy, masculine being is there to create safety for other people. That means structure, direction, containment, resources, all levels of physical, emotional safety. Okay. Safety. You provide safety. Feminine energy provides reception, warmth, nurturing, peace, gentleness, calm. Okay? Think of it like this. The masculine defines a perimeter or a shape and the feminine fills that perimeter and shape to make it an epicenter of well-being, healing, growth, everything else that comes from it. Together, we form one complete system, but we both have to be doing our biologically assigned jobs. I know that a lot of the people watching this show right now have had attachment issues for their entire life. That's why I want to invite every single one of you to check out my attachment repair program. It just might be the jump that you need to go from insecurely attached and lonely and frustrated to fully secure, connected, and bonded in a great relationship like nothing you've ever felt before. Check out my website adamlaneith.com for the attachment repair program. Now, the real problem here is when the man stops being masculine. He stops leading. He stops creating structure. He stops providing safety. He stops providing emotional safety or bonding safety. He stops making her feel safe in his presence. He stops making her feel safe in the world. When he does this, the woman has to step into that role. And women can. Your biology is very versatile and adaptive, but it burns you out and destroys you in the long term. She has to make the decisions, manage the stress, contain the chaos, solve the problems, put out the fires. She also has to provide her own emotional safety because he's not. She becomes so masculine she can't rest or relax. This destroys her biochemistry. Just destroys it. Fertility, estrogen levels, hormone levels, her neurotransmitters, her immune system, everything gets destroyed. Chronic headaches come in, risks of cancers, especially reproductive cancers, heart attacks, stroke, medical issues, autoimmune disorders, everything goes poof right up through the roof because of this. Now, because of this, she gets resentful. Over time, she starts looking at him thinking, why do I even need him? She starts thinking that she's doing everything around here, providing for herself, protecting herself, leading herself. In fact, she's covering him half the time. This is where women often begin scorekeeping and tallying. I know that that's a symptom usually of deeper pieces. This is where it often comes from. What am I doing and what am I getting? Right? The resentment begins to build. The exhaustion begins to build. The relationship really starts to die. Now, at this point, they often go to couples therapy where things get massively worse because modern therapists are ideologically opposed to masculine feminine roles at all. They refuse to even acknowledge that they exist most of the time. Most of the therapists say, "You're both just humans. There's no need for roles, right?" And the couples are left struggling while the woman's saying, "Well, then what the hell? Like, I need him to be doing something." And the therapist's like, "Well, you know, state your needs. Well, I need this and this and this." Well, that's a gender role, right? And then the therapist looks at the man who usually has no idea what's going on or what the woman even wants, and starts saying, "Well, you're going to have to meet her needs." And he goes, "Well, how?" and they go, "Well, you're going to have to do it. You have to figure it out." It just gets worse. Don't have roles, but give her her needs that you don't know what they are. And woman, you are not allowed to have feminine needs at all. You are supposed to be a strong independent, right? And then the therapist contacts the woman independently and says, "You know, I'm starting to think this relationship probably isn't going to work. You might want to think about divorce." Have you ever thought about separation? A trial separation? That might help. Therapists often make this a lot worse. Okay. Couples try these approaches, it destroys them. But even in relationships that do have some healthy polarity, the next mistake can quietly sabotage everything. Now, really quick before we continue, I want to tell you about something I just created exclusively for my email newsletter subscribers. It's a three-part video course called the attachment style decoder. And for a limited time, it's completely free, but only if you're on my email list. Inside, you'll identify your exact attachment style, including the more complicated pattern that 25% of people have now. You'll understand your triggers. You'll recognize the patterns keeping you stuck. And more importantly, you'll discover that secure attachment isn't the destination. It's the doorway to the incredible relationships that you've always wanted. Now, this is the exact framework I use with my private clients. Right now, it is free exclusively for my email newsletter subscribers. Once you sign up, you'll get immediate access to all three parts of the course, but this won't stay free forever. Grab it now before this offer ends. The link is in the description below. Sign up today. Now, let's keep going with the remaining mistakes. Mistake number six is unclear boundaries. Because if you can't say no, your relationship will suffocate both of you. I had one couple come into me with this issue, arguing about the husband's former dead wife. They were screaming at each other in the sessions about his formerly dead wife. He was a widowerower and she had passed away. She was cremated and he had her ern. Okay. And it was on the mantle in the living room where it was a place of honor. This had been the his home before. They didn't live together in this home. He bought the home and then put it up there. Then when he got with his new partner, the ern was there. It just never got moved. And eventually the new wife started to say, "I feel like I'm constantly competing with her." Okay. She felt like he was still emotionally attached in a way that violated their relationship. When I asked her to explain exactly what that violation was, she couldn't. It just felt like there was some kind of strange problem going on. Now, here's the problem with unclear boundaries. He felt attacked. He could He had no idea whatever it was he was doing wrong. Meanwhile, she couldn't really describe why it felt bad to her to have the former wife in a place of honor in their home. They both just kept screaming that their boundaries were being crossed. Neither one could articulate what those boundaries even were to each other. Now, healthy boundaries create a safe area where you can talk and discuss and feel at rest with each other. Boundaries are not about control. They're about clarity and then peace. Boundaries are saying, "Hi, this is what I need to be able to feel safe and loved in this relationship and then to give to you in return." When boundaries are clear, both partners can finally relax because they know where the lines are. Couples need to learn what your boundaries are and why. But in the case of this couple, you also need to ask other people what their boundaries are and why. You need to understand why people do what they do and why things are important to them. If you don't, you will never build a loving relationship with anyone. But even with clear boundaries, many couples still fall apart because of the final mistake, one that is becoming epidemic in modern relationships. Mistake number seven is what I call chronic stress displacement. If you're using work, kids, or your phone to avoid your partner, you've already checked out. Now, stress displacement is very specific. When you're stressed from work, instead of turning to your partner, you cope by scrolling on your phone. You dive deeper into your work instead. You obsess over the kids' schedules and being the perfect mom. You binge watch Netflix. Your stress just disperses into your life. You're running on empty, and the last thing you want is to be emotionally available to somebody else. You're dispersing stress through your life. Whether you're yelling at anyone or not, you're pouring yourself into things that make you feel better instead of connecting with your spouse. Now, this destroys relationships because we start thinking, I am too exhausted to connect. I need to decompress first. And then the decompression takes hours and hours and hours and doesn't help because you're fixating on dopamine, which is really just a short-term sugar rush, which actually isn't going to help you much at all long term. Okay. Your brain begins building an association. When I'm stressed, I should cope alone. My partner doesn't help. Only this other thing helps, right? Whether that's shopping, social media, being the perfect parent, right? Binging on something, pornography for example, Amazon shopping, whatever it is, only this makes me feel better. Your nervous system then treats your partner as part of the stress, not any part of a solution. Now, if you don't think this is deadly, keep in mind that stress levels today in the modern world are higher than anything we've ever tracked. Humans are under more stress than we're ever meant to handle. It is getting out of control and actually getting worse. It's going in the wrong direction. Okay, this is hitting everybody. So, these are the seven mistakes. If you recognize yourself in multiples of these, you're not alone. Most couples are making at least three or four of these without even realizing it. But here's the critical question. What do you do about it? Now, I'm going to give you the earliest warning sign that's predicting failure first. Okay, there's one pattern I see that predicts divorce more reliably than any other. And I'm doing this because I know you're asking right now, Adam, how much time do I have? Is it really that bad? Most couples have no idea they're doing this. So, it's getting worse. It's the hyperindividuation instead of partnership. I am hyper individuated instead of partnered with you. Okay, this is the earliest warning sign. Instead of turning to each other for comfort, they hyperindividuate. This is the last mistake but on steroids. Okay, when you move apart, problems are solved away from each other. This is a major major problem. Okay, you get angry when the other person's around during stress. You pull away and feel better when you're apart. This is one reason that trial separations falsely make you feel like you can't be together in many circumstances because you feel relief that the pain is gone and then decide that life is only good away from your partner and it's hopeless. So then you give up. Now when you pull away instead of solving problems together, you completely destroy the opportunity for any vasopressin bonding. Vasop prein being the bonding hormone that's released when we solve problems and challenges and overcome stress together. also intimately tied to monogamy and desire and trust and loyalty. This is one of the the factors for intimacy and monogamy being successful and we give it up by not solving problems together. We pull away instead. Okay. Now we go down a path that's very deadly. You consistently avoid your partner during stress. Your brain builds instead vasopressin with nobody. I am alone in a field solving problems. Now you have no monogous connection or loyalty at all. You're just in it because you have to be. Now there's a piece of paper forcing you to be together and you can't go be with somebody else. This is where you begin building a stress system, a cortisol association. When they're around, they make my life harder. I don't want them around. If they weren't here, I could be happier with someone else. Your nervous system learns my partner equals more stress. Cortisol association then grows into resentment. You make my life bad and you don't even care. This can often grow into contempt. I don't like you. You're less than anybody else to me. You're awful. You're the reason I'm unhappy. Contempt, according to research, is the number one indicator for divorce. This is the pipeline. Cortisol association, resentment, contempt, divorce. Now, even worse, this is like dominoes falling, especially in modern day. It all starts with that first little micro withdrawal. the first moment you choose to solve a problem alone instead of together. There's not Listen, there's there's nothing wrong with self-regulating. That's a good thing. But solely pulling away so you can solve problems only by yourself. Once that falls, it snowballs and grows and grows. Especially if you're just coping with dopamine, it just snowballs out of control. So, now that you know these mistakes and you know the warning sign, what do the 8% of successful couples actually do differently? Let's talk about that. Successful couples have what I call kitchen table conversations. Failing couples have what I call living room screaming matches. These are two very different things. The kitchen table discussion framework is crucial here. The 8% of people when problems arise, they sit down together and they have a kitchen table conversation. They sit down and say, "Okay, here's what I've observed. Help me understand where this is coming from. Help me to take care of you. This is what I'm seeing. What are you seeing? What's happening on your side? How are you feeling in our relationship? What would need to change? Under what conditions would you feel happy in this relationship? It's a lot of questions and answers and understanding, growing your understanding together through questions and mutual information exchange. Now, they listen, they reflect back on what they heard and they share more context. They identify the problem together. Then they say, "Okay, sounds like the real problem is X. How can we work together as a team to fix it? What can we do? What's our plan?" They have challenge-based loyalty. In challenges, they come together and work as a team. They ask questions and they humanize the other person and listen and gather information and share that information in context, then assemble a plan and then work through the plan. And this turns that challenge into immense vasopressin bonding which cementss their monogous desire builds a buffer against cortisol and stress in the rest of the world as well and makes everybody a more connected family. Okay, this is what they do different. Asking more questions, building a plan, going through it together. This saves the relationships because kitchen table conversations are calm, direct, solution focused, no yelling, no defensiveness, no escalation. Every time a problem pops up, they sit down at the table and they go through it. Depending on the choice here, you can have kitchen table conversations about any problem in your life. Anything, your sex life, how much you're not getting or how much you want to be getting. You can have a conversation about how money is being spent. You can have conversation about the hardships you're going to face in the next six months and how to get through them together instead of alone. You can have conversations about your binging behaviors and how they're getting out of control. You can have conversations about how you want more emotional intimacy. You feel threatened by that friend out there and you don't want to feel threatened. So, you don't want them to have less. You want you to have more. Give me more emotional intimacy and I'll be happy. I don't want to take away your friendship, but give me more connection with you. Right? table conversations, kitchen table conversations, or you can wait and have living room screaming matches and then courtroom divorce cases. Those are your choices. I highly recommend the kitchen table conversation approach. So, now you have the full picture, the seven mistakes, the warning sign, the solution, and the only question left is, are you going to use that solution? Now, if you've recognized yourself in multiples of these mistakes, don't panic, okay? You're not alone. 92% of couples overall are making these mistakes right now. The only difference between you and them is that you now see it. You now have awareness. And awareness is the first step toward change. Let's be clear, you're not broken. Your relationship isn't doomed. You're just operating without the right system. And now you have a system. You have the kitchen table discussions of working through things together as a couple. Now, you don't have to keep repeating these patterns. You don't have to keep having the same fights, building the same resentment, falling into the same traps. You can choose differently starting today. You can start having your kitchen table conversations with more questions, building plans, calm, level-headed. Instead of living room screaming matches, you can stop avoiding your conflict and start resolving it. You could stop keeping score and start working together on capacity. You can turn toward each other instead of away from each other. And when you do, everything changes. Go back through this video again. I've laid out many skills and ways to have these conversations throughout the course of this video. Make sure you're keeping track of them and doing them at your kitchen table conversations. Now, if you want to go deeper in understanding why you and your partner keep falling into these same seven mistakes and why you can't have kitchen table conversations, if you've tried and it seems impossible, I've created something exclusively for my email newsletter subscribers. It's a only if you're on my email list. Now, here's why this matters. Because those seven mistakes you just learned about, they don't happen randomly. They happen because of your attachment patterns. Maybe you're avoiding conflict because you're anxiously attached and terrified of abandonment. Maybe you're emotionally outsourcing because you're avoidant. You don't know how to create emotional intimacy. Maybe you're stuck in reactive loops because you and your partner have incompatible attachment styles that trigger each other constantly. Inside this course, you'll identify your exact attachment style, including the more complicated patterns that 25% of people actually have. You'll understand what's triggering these destructive patterns, and you'll discover how to stop repeating them. But here's what matters most. Secure attachment isn't just about fixing problems. It's the doorway to the incredible relationship that you've always wanted. The kind of relationship where you have kitchen table conversations instead of living room screaming matches, where you turn toward each other instead of away. This is the exact framework I use with my private clients. Right now, it's free exclusively for email newsletter subscribers. Once you sign up, you'll get immediate access to all three parts of the course, but it won't stay free forever. Those who grab it now will keep their free access, but soon this course will be paid. The link for that is down in the description below. Sign up now for my newsletter before this offer ends. You now know the seven mistakes that destroy 92% of relationships. You know the warning signs. You know what the 8% do differently. And most importantly, you know that change is possible. These patterns aren't permanent. They're just learned behaviors and what's been learned can be unlearned. You're closer to the solution than you think. This is your turning point. Don't waste it. I'm Adam Lane Smith, the attachment specialist. Thank you for being here. Thank you for your time. Make sure you like, comment, subscribe, check out all my other videos on this channel because there's a lot of information to keep up on. If you want a secure relationship, and I know you do, make sure you click the link down below, sign up for my newsletter, get that free course. I know it's going to help a lot of people who need it. And come back for the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @matrixxxx6263 [23 likes]: I have been with my partner for 10 years now and we are very close and very much in love with each other. We are a super team be it in the garden, renovating the house, dancing, during vacations, discussing and while making love ❤
  2. @tristan-tiln7598 [5 likes]: If the Partner shut down the emotional needs a 100%. I would outsource them before i go crazy.
  3. @DailydevoABIDE [2 likes]: I really appreciate your content, it’s so helpful. I know I’ll be a great spouse one day because of it! Thank you so much!
  4. @Lauren__Hill. [1 likes]: My husband is very avoidant and I’m very anxious. I was able to control my anxious attachment for awhile but recently my husband told me he’s unhappy bc I get very stressed about my job and he says my mood affects the whole household. He also said he doesn’t understand mental health and he feels I’m too emotional. I had no idea anything was wrong, and now that I do I’m willing to do everything I can to fix it. I feel he waited to tell me how he feels until he couldn’t take it anymore and it’s too late. He said all of this 2 weeks ago, and then acted like everything was fine. Today he left while I was at my mom’s, turned off his location, and said he needed space to see if he misses me. He said he’s not saying he wants a divorce, he just needs to figure it out. How can I turn this around when he isn’t giving me the chance to fix it?
  5. @EdnaAsamoah-w7g [1 likes]: Adam i will be visiting my husband this evening fro reconciliation. What are the exact things i should ask him  ... i need yoir advise please. Because i want everything to work with us again
  6. @troyacummings [1 likes]: I’d love to hear where you are getting the number 92%. 

I don’t like the idea of vaguely science sounding stuff! But I love your content.
  7. @EdnaAsamoah-w7g [1 likes]: This is the message and  truth  I have been looking forward to hearing since I had trust issue leading to distance and emotional redrawn. Infact, no words would be able to explained how happy I am for my sign up been successful.  Currently  it's 1.00am still awake looking for an advise. God has led me to you my instinct tells me my marriage is 100 💯  successful.  God bless you so much for restoring broken marriages through your knowledge.
  8. @AttachmentAdam: ♥ You deserve love that feels safe, keeps you connected, and actually lasts. This Valentine's, stop waiting for it and start building it. Transform your capacity to love - for life. https://bundle.adamlanesmith.com/valentines
  9. @ah43444: These are misinterpreted as normal, but they systematically erode intimacy and connection over time.

### The 7 Common Mistakes:
1. Conflict Avoidance (03:57): Disguised as 'keeping the peace,' this actually suppresses frustration and creates a cortisol association where the partner becomes a source of stress rather than safety.
2. Scorekeeping (06:03): 1113 not love, Obsessively tracking 'fairness' turns a relationship into a transactional business, leading to resentment and competition rather than partnership.
3. Emotional Outsourcing (10:08): Seeking deep emotional fulfillment from friends, family, or others instead of your partner, which can eventually lead to emotional betrayal or affairs.
4. Reactive Communication Loops (14:28): Cycles of arguing where no one listens; both parties fall into a 'fight or defend' mode that shuts down logical reasoning.
5. Loss of Polarity (16:34): When the balance of masculine (structure/safety) and feminine (nurturing/calm) energies breaks down, it leads to exhaustion, health issues, and a loss of attraction.
6. Unclear Boundaries (22:33): A lack of articulated boundaries leads to confusion and feelings of violation; clear boundaries are necessary for both partners to feel safe.
7. Chronic Stress Displacement (24:46): Using external distractions like work, phones, or kids to avoid the partner when stressed, rather than turning toward each other for support.

### Key Takeaways:
•	The Earliest Warning Sign (27:07): The move toward hyper-individuation—where problems are consistently solved alone rather than as a team—is a major predictor of relationship breakdown.
•	The Solution: Successful couples use 'Kitchen Table Conversations' (30:02). Instead of 'living room screaming matches,' these are calm, direct, and solution-focused discussions where partners ask questions, share context, and build a unified plan to overcome challenges.
•	Shift in Perspective: You are not necessarily 'broken'—your relationship is likely operating without the right system. By identifying these patterns and implementing structured communication, you can move toward secure attachment and long-term success
  10. @iuliapreda6750: ❤❤❤
  11. @janmaclean: Very informative and insightful. Thank you for distinctive role importance.
  12. @ChrissaMcMahan-fg3ue: Oh that's what I must do .then since men want the chase not the true loving relationship..and want to put their penis in everyone ...run around talking shit about me that's all lies .beats me up and all 3 wives..God only knows what he has done to his daughters..no wonder they taken away as small children. To save them the pain from his hatred of women.
  13. @ChrissaMcMahan-fg3ue: Yes that's what he did with all his kids and our relationship..and he's always victim..how could he be victim when he attacks me as I came home..saying lies said about me and how I was cheating on him .how when we never really apart untill he told me to move out and wrecked my car trying to kill me .Never was there ever a solution where both get a part in finding solutions to problems. So then stress cortisol hits me and I gain weight,then I get more stressed bc now I'm fat. It continues over and over again . After all the crying and anger I worked thru without therapist I'm not 100% healed,but still looking for therapist to get my emotions numbed back
  14. @jennekalundeen8302: I tried the attachment style quiz but didn't get any results back yet... Not sure how long to expect
  15. @abaker4692: 19:00 I need to start here with my husband.
  16. @ConstantinVibe: Nope we reached to ignore
  17. @chrissy6475: Thanks Adam, the cortisol association is such a useful articulation of that feeling, do you have any other videos about that topic, my google search didn’t bring up anything useful.
  18. @venusrevive132: Yessss
  19. @venusrevive132: Yep!
  20. @annaemmmm: Where are the data from? I mean the statistic number

- Zero to Fully Booked in 3 Months: How This Married Couple Cracked UGC at 44 and 55 with the Cordovas: Kind: captions Language: en If you are a content creator and you're wanting to get your [music] husband, your wife, your boyfriend, girlfriend, your significant other into content creation, this is about to be a master class for you. Today we have Haley and Ray Cardova. You guys, welcome on to the pod. Super appreciate you guys hopping on. Yeah, let's get I'm going to dive right into it. So, I want you guys to just introduce yourselves, and then I'm going to start asking you a ton of questions about UGC, how you do it as a married couple, how you got into this, what you've learned, things you want people to avoid when they get started, things you wish you would have avoided when you got started. We're going to dive all all into that. So, uh, yeah, go ahead and introduce yourselves. >> All right. I'm Haley Cordova, uh, 44 year old, live in Salt Lake, Utah. Originally from Southern California. Excuse me. Salt Lake Utah. Gez, Southern Utah, St. George, we did have a house in Salt Lake for a few years. So, a lot warmer. A lot warmer down there. >> We know that area. Yeah, totally. Um, you're from Salt Lake. So, anyways, yeah. And just, you know, excited to be here. We'll talk about how we got into this, but that's who I am currently. I'm a realtor as well by morning, noon, and night and now a UGC content creator by morning, noon, and night. So, [laughter] >> uh, I'm Ray Cordova and her husband and, uh, 55-year-old and as I start everything from sunny St. George, Utah. And we're, as you know, we're we're lucky here to to have that son. But, uh, I would just describe myself who is somebody who thankfully has escaped the corporate world after 30 plus years. And it feels so good. >> Feels so good. >> I love it. Yeah, it's it's uh escaping the corporate world is is pretty awesome. So, I'm stoked for you. And we're not going to get into crumble and all that, kind of where you came from. [laughter] I know that's a big debate, especially at BYU right now and all that, but >> we've seen the post. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The crumble, [laughter] the the the the boosters and all that. So, I want to kind of get into you guys have been doing UGC for not very long considering, right? I mean most people like even me two years is like still baby for for UGC but >> you've seen some amazing success within the first what are we at 3 months now? >> A little over three months. >> Yeah. A little over three months. I mean we September 1st we officially kind of set set sail with our UGC ship and yeah three and a half months. >> That is so wild. >> I don't think we fully finished your course until like the end of September. >> I know. It's all right. There's a lot of people that have hit the ground running. Yeah. It's like dog ears but in a good way. Yeah. >> Well, it's crazy too that cuz I I always every time I bring it up I'm like I feel like it's been longer just cuz I feel like you've done so many projects and so quickly. >> So, let's take you back to the beginning. Like, how did you did you find UGC through me? Was it through my course? Was it through someone else? Was it through an affiliate or something? Or how did you guys find UGC? >> It's funny. uh our our path kind of it started in a not an odd way, but I I'll let Haley describe our path and and literally how it led us to you. >> So, poor Rey, I've always been a big dreamer. I always have an idea of what I want to do next. Something, you know, for us being 11 years in an age gap difference. It's always been really important for us to try to find something that we could do to not miss out on years together. you know, potentially if he was going to retire and I was still going to have to work some kind of grind, we were like, that just isn't going to work for us. That's that's a you know, all we have is time. Like, you can't get time back. So, I've always been looking for an angle for us to be able to work together. We're super creative. We both have kind of marketing backgrounds and um you know, but corporate, there's a nice comfy blanket that comes with corporate that's hard to leave. Um I got into real estate years ago, have loved it. It's been great for us. And so I wanted to transition Ray into real estate as my partner as well. Unfortunately, this isn't the market to do that in. So we gave it a little bit of time and then he was coming close to looking for another, you know, 9 to5 so to speak. And we I I we've always kind of talked about, hey, let's do something with Crumbs. We have a dog named Crumbs. She's a Wymer Riner. cuz neither one of us really wanted to be on social media, but we can see the benefit of it and we can see a lot of people doing it with dogs. That's some of the favorite things that we like to watch is animal UGC. Um, it's just funny. We'd send each other posts all the time about people doing that. So, I I said, "Let's let's have some fun with Crumbs cuz we're creative. We can use this as a creative outlet." So, we started social media channels for her. And Ray kind of did the the Instagram one because that's what he was familiar with. We had never been on Tik Tok before like July of this year. We actually made fun of our Yeah. We actually made fun of our children for being on Tik Tok. We called it Tic Tac or [laughter] >> Yeah. And so um so I'm like I'm going to dive into Tik Tok. And I was like, dude, I love this platform. This is so much funner, you know, than Instagram in certain ways. Like just the interactions. It was new. It was fun. So, I was posting on Tik Tok and YouTube shorts and Ray was doing Instagram and Megan actually was the first person that I saw on Tik Tok that came up for UGC and it was pet UGC that she was kind of talking about in that certain, you know, Tik Tok and I'm like, UGC and so I started just going down the rabbit hole of what UGC was and obviously the algorithm picked that up and came across Jake on a live and and then it was after that I'm like, "Okay, I'm sold." You know, he talked so passionately about it. Um, obviously he's a huge part of your course. And so that led us to you and I kind of got my ducks in a row before I approached Ray with yet another Haley idea and said, "Dude, you just you have to you have to watch this. You have to learn this with me." And and it wasn't I mean, he he glombmed on to it pretty quickly. >> Yeah. you know, she when she says she's a dreamer, she's the dreamer. And you know, I although I love to dream, I have my feet planted securely in the ground for the most part. But um and she's got an idea a day uh at least and I always listen. And immediately when she started talking about this and what it entailed and the people she had come across and what they did, I'm like, I me being the knucklehead I am, when I had free time at work, that's what I did. We would go around the office and film people and you know, again, my marketing is in my background is in PR and marketing. So, we would do that impromptu stuff. Hey, give me a testimonial. Hey, this and that. and she's she said, "You've been doing this for free >> for the past three decades >> with your co-workers. >> Let's let's give it a shot. Let's see." And I was in real estate at the time, too. And >> I was like, "Sure." And like she said, I was this close, you know, getting back into the corporate world, a a different cookie, a different cake, a different, you know, some that's all it is. We know that, you know, and >> I said, "Let's let's give it a shot." And we looked into the fact that my age, my gender, there wasn't a lot of guys my age doing this. >> Yeah. >> And the more I saw and talked to people, I saw a lot of guys my age weren't really comfortable doing this. >> And so we gave it a shot and u >> here we are. It's it's been a wild at times bumpy ride, but for the most part >> we get to hang out. >> We get to work together. And for the most part, we're at a point now where we get to work with brands we want to work with. So, not only do you get all the the cool stuff, you could just speak authentically about it like you have your whole life >> and they send you a paycheck. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's [laughter] it's mindblowing. Yeah. It's actually crazy. It like I tell people all the time this that it sounds like a scam. Like honestly, like when you tell people about it, they're like, "Well, yeah, but then like you have to like recruit people behind you or like like they think it's an MLM or like well yeah that company like you know it's just always like there's no way this can be real and brands actually trust you because you have no background in like yeah you had marketing but like you've never done acting, right?" And we're going to get into some of that here shortly but like [laughter] you know it's just like crazy like you you guys have been doing this and I like how you said like it hasn't been smooth. Yeah. like every you guys are only 3 months into this, right? And you've had this insane rocket launch growth in the last 3 months. >> And not only just like you, Ray, but like also Haley, like you guys have both been getting gigs, you know, like maybe like certain fibers I know like F I know platforms like Fiverr Source spot right now for you Haley, but like other like the cool thing is you guys have done is you didn't just get on Fiverr and just like chill and like well >> no >> Haley's Fiverr is not popping off, so this must not be for us. like you got all these other platforms and then started putting yourself out there. Yeah, you went all in. And and I think that there's a big lesson to be told that one of my >> it's frustrating when I like I hear from people that like, oh yeah, my Fiverr's not working. It's been four weeks. I'm like, okay, uh how many gigs do you have listed? What other platforms are you on? Right? And then it's usually people that are in my course and stuff that they're like, well, I haven't I haven't gotten any other platforms. I'm like, well, dude, take the whole course. Like we don't that's I talk about other stuff. You should you need to put yourself out there on a hundred different things knowing that like 40 of them are going to hit, right? >> Totally. >> And so what like you so you you guys obviously joined the course, you got onto Fiverr. What other things did you do early on and then how did you Ray get comfortable on camera from being, you know, because I know like I I I'm pretty sure Haley's video came first. Like Haley said the video first. Like the Yeti video was done way before yours was, right? Yeah. >> And so like how did you get comfortable on camera? Like any tips or tricks when you very first started getting going on this? >> Are you comfortable on camera? [laughter] >> Yeah. You know, >> fake it, dude. That's I mean that's >> fake it till you make it. >> You know, it's it's I'm uncomfortable with the negotiation part of this business. Hey, real quick. If you're brand new to UGC and feel overwhelmed, I made a free guide for you. It's called 10 steps to becoming a UGC creator from Scratch. And it literally takes you from I have no idea what I'm doing to landing your first paid gig. No fancy equipment needed. No massive following required. Just a clear road map. Links below. It's free. It's practical. And it'll help you start making money like now. All right, back to the show. I wish they would just say this is the bottom line we're paying and and that's that. And but being on camera, if I'm able to just pretend I'm talking to somebody, and I know you we see that in the briefs all the time, but it's true. If if I'm just here and talking to you about a product I like or or or don't like or why I don't like it or comparing things, that that's easy. We do that in our everyday lives. Just pretend the camera's not there and you've got something golden. I mean, we were looking at some of our relatives Instagrams. They're cooking. They're uh showing a new piece of jewelry. They're I keep hitting the mic. Sorry about that. She's going nuts though. You can see that. >> Um [laughter] >> I can't even hear. And we said that we recently had them over. We we shot for a company called Bordery. They do gigantic chur boards. >> Oh, cool. >> So the next day we're just bumping around and we see our relatives just doing random stuff. I'm like, do do you realize that's 400 bucks? That's 200 bucks what you just did. And they were like, "Are you kidding?" Lo and behold, within 48 hours, they're calling Haley going, "Can you tell me about this UGC [laughter] thing?" And we always say, "Do your homework first. Go, this is Nate. You don't have to look at him, but there there are plenty of people out there. He's somebody that resonated with us. There a lot of great coaches out there. Do your homework. If you're still interested, come on back and we'll help you." >> Yeah. But I mean, you know, for us, I think that the learning curve, although we don't love I didn't love being on camera before this, and I still don't love seeing myself or hearing myself, but you know, knowing that there's a paycheck at the end of it definitely helps. Just keep telling yourself you're a paid actor. You know, it's I'm for for us the learning curve and we're still heavy in it is that we both approach a project very differently. Yeah. >> So, doing it together, there are tons of pluses. you know, UGC can be a a lonely gig. You know, that um you know, we've talked about that in the community. That's not anything new. So, the fact that we get to do it together makes it less lonely, but it also can create some conflict from time to time. And, you know, where I'm very meticulous and very detail oriented, and I want to lay out the brief and make sure that we're hitting all the metrics the first time around and probably overanalyze it to an extreme. Ray's like, "Let's just do it." And I'm like, >> "Let's get after it. [laughter] >> Let's get after it." And if I miss some spots or I miss some on the script or I miss something, either we edit Yeah. >> or we do it again. But I like to just I like to roll with it. If I'm feeling it, I like to just roll with it. >> Yeah. No, I I I think that's awesome. There's so many different ways >> to like approach a project. So, um, yeah, that's something like I I think one of the things even just from having like a spouse that's at home for me is like even like today I was shooting a like a project for a HR company, HR platform, >> and a lot of like over- the-shoulder screenshots of like my computer screen over the shoulder, which like those are hard to get in a space where not your whole see like I've got like workout equipment on the other side of this monitor, you know, and like >> right >> Christmas stuff And that's just like a it's a joke. And so like like I noticed today I had the I had my my wife was gone so I had my tripod and I'm like oh this is way freaking harder to do cuz I have to get up and check it like 900 times and then I'm like [laughter] oh this isn't on. But then when I have her I'm like okay get this shot. You're going to zoom in here. You're going to do this and it's going to take us 30 seconds. Right. Instead like when So it's probably also nice on both of your projects. Like a tripod's great, right? And you can obviously do this alone. There's bajillion people that do this alone. But having that extra set of hands like literally cuts down hours on editing and like not on editing on filming too. Just filming the right shots and not having to like get the tripod perfect. It's like, "Hey, grab the phone. You're going to shoot over this shoulder. This is what the shots going to look like. Okay, cool. All right. Looks good. Next, you know." >> And having a kid in the house, too. You know, we'll grab our 14-year-old begrudgingly and she'll come down and we'll be like, "You just need to get a shot real quick of the two of us." She tries to extort us like, "How much are you going to pay me?" But we're like, "No, just you're lucky. You get to live here and eat." So [clears throat] >> Exactly. [laughter] Exactly. This is your rent. >> Yeah. But but no, I mean you're right and you know you absolutely could do this alone. There are times where both of us have to go at it because I'm still doing real estate, you know, from time to time and luckily I can kind of schedule myself around some of the projects that we have, you know, but it's really nice because like you mentioned, we can do those things or if I because I've taken on the role, you know, obviously Rey, he's he's the unicorn in the relationship, the 55year-old male. It's a little bit more competitive at even at my age range. I mean, we definitely I'm sure it's it's more open for me, you know, being 40 plus. Um, but females probably gravitate towards this or just it's it's a little easier the barrier of entry, you know, to actually do it. >> Yep. >> Exactly. So, for us, you know, the role has been for him to, you know, get the jobs, negotiate the jobs, kind of have that back and forth communication with the brands. Um, and then I come in and I help with some of the admin. I help with a lot of the filming and then I do the editing. And while I'm doing that, he's, you know, preparing for the next brief. So, there's a lot of a lot of time that doesn't get wasted because the two of us kind of know our roles and are able to fill in where we need to. >> I'm only cheesing over here, but because when we first started, I was like, "Yes, yes, yes, yes." Then one day she sits down and >> she's like, "We have 18 jobs this week. Do you realize that?" >> And I didn't. I was just >> I said yes to everything. >> But you should as a newbie, right? But like at the same time, you're like, "No, maybe like we spread it out or like maybe we put a floor on the budget and you're like, I'll take that 70 bucks. That's 70 bucks I didn't have yesterday." Yeah. >> Yeah. And well, and then you start to see the the the number increase for the job. uh the jobs you're like, "Okay, do I do I need some creatine cummies right now? [laughter] Let's get it." You know, you know, 300, 400 bucks. Let's do it. But that was the experience because the first two weeks, and I think you remember this, I'm like, "Hey, I got my first email. It was a spam email." And I was so happy to get that, but you know, deep inside I'm like, "Wait a minute. I'm supposed to be getting more." And it was probably about two two and a half weeks and then boom. And it hasn't it hasn't stopped since. I've been very very fortunate. Uh I've learned how to >> how to refrain a little from from every single job and start to pick the ones that that made a little more sense for our schedule and made made sense for just the just the whole production of what we do. >> When you first started, how many like how have you improved as a creator, both of you, right? From like even script reading. I know like Haley when you sent that first Yeti video, you're like this took forever. But like you've made tons of videos since then. Like what what did you do to improve? Just practice? Is there anything else you were like, "Okay, I wish I would have started this earlier. I wish I would have done this different approach earlier." >> Yeah, I mean I think I probably, you know, definitely improved in editing. Um Ray's always my number one fan when it comes to editing. I'm like, "You can't love everything I edit. You have to give me constructive feedback to no seriously. I love it." And then I'll rewatch it. I'm like, "That's horrible." So, you know, already it's funny because I watch a lot of you creators who have been doing this for years. You guys sometimes will post some of the first, you know, videos that you did and I'm like, "Oh, okay. So, that's where I feel like I'm at right now." But people are like, "We love it." So, really, you know, it's it's neat because it makes you realize pretty quickly that the brand's hiring you and your voice and your look and you can fumble your way through it in the beginning as long as you just do it and they'll help you and they'll guide you if they want you to change something. So that's helped is being able to receive the feedback from the brands um you know from from the people in the community because you have a great community where you can get feedback from everyone. So that's awesome. But I'd say my editing is definitely getting better each time. Um understanding briefs getting a little better as we go and and trying you know to not miss anything so that we don't put ourselves in a position where we have to do a revision. Some of the areas that we know we need to get better in is posting on social media. [laughter] Yeah, >> we're really bad about that. But every time we do um although you don't have to do that in UGC, we know that because the brands are the ones posting typically, but you know, for self-branding and to be able to get our faces and our names out there more every time we post, we get some inbounds and that's really where it's at. So that's that's we're learning that slowly but surely. >> Yeah. And and just keeping it I'll shout them out right now. Creator Desk. Absolutely amazing. Oh my god. >> Um it is our it's our backbone. If we didn't have that, we >> I don't know what we would do right now. >> They're going to be they're going to be at uh UGC Creator Connect. >> Oh, I can't wait. >> They're great. Yeah, I know that they're still new and working out their kings, but they work with creators like handinand. They're always available. They're amazing. It's keeping us organized. you know, it allows us to see real time, you know, what what income we've made, what we have coming, you know, projects, deadlines. It's just it's been a great CRM tool for us. >> Yeah. Organization is like one thing they don't talk about a lot when you first start, right? Especially if like >> for me, I was just on fiber and and I didn't want to post outside of or I didn't want to have social media UGC social media handles >> because I didn't want my honestly didn't want my company knowing that I was like doing UGC on the side, right? which like looking back now I'm like dude everyone's doing something on the side so it's kind of a >> joke it's crazy he's actually it's funny because I think just this last week like four or five people reached out like with screenshots of Ry like that they saw advertisements of him and they're like what I almost spit my coffee out like [laughter] and listen these are people um >> some of them yeah >> like his name was Cowboy Brett and he was my construction manager at Ben & Jerry's 22 years ago >> and out of the blue. I get a a Texas number and it says, "Are you selling steppers? Are you selling insoles? Is everything [laughter] good?" >> And I had to say, "Man, everything couldn't be better. Let me tell you what I'm doing." >> And you know, the conversation always ends with, "Do you have any can you send me some?" I'm like, "I'm not a warehouse, but yeah, I do have something. >> They don't sell me 30 pairs, you know, to to give out to give out to my friends and family." >> Yeah. I'll tell you, I must have reconnected with at least a dozen people over the past three months from from anywhere from a year ago to 30 years ago in the corporate world who I haven't talked to in some decades. [laughter] >> And and they're they're wondering if everything's okay. And and I'm like, "Yeah, man. Things couldn't be better." And I tell them what I do. And of course, you know what the next thing is? They're like, "How do I do it?" >> So, you're an influencer. I'm like, "Oh, boy. Let's if you have another half hour, I'll tell you why I'm [laughter] not." Um, but I, you know, you kind of are. Uh, but you kind of aren't. But it's it's it's been pretty cool. It's been really fun. >> That's funny. I get anytime I get a text and without opening it from like somebody I haven't talked to in over a year, I already know exactly what it [laughter] is. >> They saw you. >> It's going to be a screenshot of an ad and they're say, "What is this, dude?" And like, you know, I'm like, "Yeah." And I don't even I don't even I'm like, "Yeah, it's like what I work now. It's too hard to explain the whole thing to every single person." >> Yeah. And then you've got the family and friends who are like, "I totally think I could do this. tell me how I could do this. >> Yeah. Seriously. So, a after you guys were after you started on Fiverr, let's get back to that. So, you started on Fiverr and then what platforms did you get on first? Was it Incense? Like before you started posting because I know that's been great for you like creating social media handles and posting and getting inbounds, but what other platforms do you recommend um getting started on? So, uh, I think you alluded to the fact that my Fiverr, you know, wasn't cooking, but we knew that that was a possibility in the beginning. Um, Ray's started taking off and he got some good jobs through Fiverr, but we knew that if we wanted to be successful, we had to spread ourselves out. So, Incense has been phenomenal for both of us. Um, I think that's probably one of Ray's main sources of of inbounds is through incense as well. Kohi has been um really good. I've had a couple jobs on it. They have they have phenomenal brands on there. So, we're constantly trying to get work through there. We're also on Eugi. Um Ray's done some backstage. That's been fun. Yeah, Backstage has been awesome. Like, we haven't even tapped into the possibilities of backstage yet. So, we're going to focus on that because Ray's seen some good success there. And then, you know, because like I mentioned, I'm still kind of working full-time um and helping Rey a lot with the admin side of things and the editing side of things, I would still consider myself a dabbler in UGC. And even as a dabbler, like I'm I'm making, you know, like more than I thought that I could just as like a surprise. Oh my gosh, $500 just hit my bank for a job that I did a month ago. Like very cool. And then uh >> yeah, I mean >> what else? >> If I was going to rank them for me, uh you know, Incense has been number one. Fiverr is right behind there. You know, they have different attributes. I mean, the pay structure on insense is great. They approve a job, you get the money. >> The inbounds would probably be number three for me. Yeah. >> So, what do you So, let's let's stop on that for a second. So, >> yeah, >> we're talking about and and hey, I like how you said you don't have I tell people this all the time. You guys don't have to have social media handles. when you have social media handles for UGC and the reason if you're listening to this then I'm assuming you are interested in UGC obviously or else you just wasted 27 minutes but um [laughter] like like you don't have to go create >> Nate Flake UGC or whatever like you you do that as a way for brands to find you not to get followers you're not trying to build this huge following and like Ray said be an influencer right you're trying to put yourself out there because that's where brands are brands are searching literally they have marketing people that go on to Instagram, they type in #mail UGC creator. Yeah. >> And then they just start scrolling until they see a face that matches the brief. That's as simple as it gets. >> And then they're going to go there and as long as you're showing up and you're doing a lot of facing the camera shots, >> brands are going to reach out to you, right? And they're not going to DM you on Instagram. They're going to go to your email address that is in your hand in your bio. So if you are listening to this and you don't have your email in your bio, >> yes, >> go put that in. Even if you don't have if even if it's not clickable, go put it in there. It doesn't matter if you have enough followers, have a link, go put it in there because that's how brands find you. They're not going to DM you. I promise you. >> Correct. >> So, correct. What kind of stuff? This is the next question I always get. What kind of stuff should I post? Like, what are you posting? >> Goodness. I'm posting everything from a rant like, hey, you know, here I am in sunny St. George and here's what's going on today and here's what I did today to some tips and tricks. Uh, just everything. But what I am doing and what I need to do more of is just get on there and just chitchat. Tell tell them about what's going on in my UGC life or >> you know what's going on in my personal life. What just a little of this and a little of that. Nothing specific. Yeah. You want to talk about influence. I'm trying to influence brands to come get me. >> Yes. >> That that's literally it. And I think Haley touched on it earlier. >> They're they're not they're not hiring this. They're hiring this. Yeah. >> They're hiring how I can convey what what their brand wants to say and how they want to say it. And if I can do that, it's it's been converting. >> Yeah. And and he we're posting UGC examples, too. You know, we want them to see us um and how we can present a product, you know. So, so that's been great. Uh we need to get a lot better about it. You know, I I know that a lot of coaches and people that, you know, talk about UGC on socials talk about the personal branding side of things. So that's, you know, we're trying to focus a little bit more on that because we do want to attract people that, you know, brands that resonate with the way that we live our lifestyle because that's going to create the most authentic type of, you know, userenerated content for sure. >> And one thing we always ask when we get an inbound, where did you see us? Where'd you see us? Where did you find us? Where did you where did you find me? And we're starting to really catalog that and see where it is because it it's it's pretty it's amazing uh what comes back from that. And they say, "Hey, we saw this, we saw that." >> And nine times out of 10, it's something I did that was just a testimonial, non-scripted. That's what people seem to really love most and that's what they want. >> Is it is it Instagram they're saying most then or what platform is coming up most? Instagram. >> Instagram is coming up. Instagram and Tik Tok. Uh we we have dabbled with Reddit X and LinkedIn. We haven't dove too far into LinkedIn yet, but every time that we get on X or Reddit and apply for things, we seem to get an inbound through there as well. So So it's it's really just we need to be more committed to getting on the platforms. It's very much a self- advocacy type of, you know, type of job. UGC, you you get out of it what you put in. So, if you just sit back and you're waiting for something to happen, it's it's not going to happen. But if you put yourself out there and you put your portfolio or your name or you just engage and you make yourself seen, it's it something will hit something will hit. >> Yeah. And I think it's it's interesting too is like there's so many platforms and and not even like UDC platforms, like social media platforms obviously. >> Yeah. So, it's like really hard to keep up with all of them between like I just recently started putting these episodes on YouTube. So, I I started a YouTube account like maybe a month ago and I'm like not even at 100 subscribers yet. Like it's hard to like build that because like oh that's just one more thing. But what's interesting is every time that like I posted a UGC example that I did, I did a Tik Tok live um where I did the entire video, right, from start to finish and then I posted that example yesterday and then like every single time I post an example, I get like two or three inbounds like the next day. Like it's like automatic. >> But it's it's funny like if I'm not on there if I'm not posting on there for like >> you know four or five days then I won't hear anything. And it's almost like you have to >> you have to I don't know. I kind of compare it. I made this really stupid analogy to my wife and it's just going to be like very not poetic, [laughter] but it's almost like you go into this like dark room on the platform, right? And every platform is a different dark room and then you like light a candle or you light a match and like brands can see you while that match is lit. But then as soon as that match goes out, then they just move on to the next person who has a match lit. And every time you post, you m you light that match, right? And it only lasts for a certain amount of time, maybe a day, one, two, three days. And then when you walk out of that room, it's like, oh, this guy's gone, so I'm going to move on to the next person that has their match lit, right? So it's like you got to do that every single day >> because brands aren't going to find you. Like, you know what I'm saying? >> You tell Mama Flake that was an outstanding [laughter] analogy >> cuz I I that that really I I see that now because I've been >> flicking my matches too intermittently. I need to get in there with a blowtorrch. You know, there Yeah. And there is and there is, you know, it's it's so much so quickly, there's so many different ways that you can go with UGC, there's just, you know, although it still feels like it's fairly in its infancy, especially for us only being, you know, 3 and a half months in or so, there's just so many different directions you can take it and you really don't know which one's going to work for you until you just start taking all of them. And that can feel very overwhelming. And you know, like both of us, we sit down sometimes, we're like, we know what we're supposed to be doing. Are we doing that? No. Like, let's let's reenter, refocus. Let's get back after it, you know, and and trying to find ways to integrate systems. And, you know, while trying to still communicate, Ry gets a lot of messages. And I'm like, "Okay, you got to put the phone down for like 2 hours so we can film this and then you can pick the [laughter] phone back up and start communicating." Cuz there's a lot of shiny object syndrome in this work. For sure. >> It's so hard to get Yeah. You get distracted or like a company like like even this morning it happened where two companies needed slight tweaks on a video I did two days ago and I'm like, "Okay, well, I got a freaking huge project today, but I guess I'm going to do this thing, right?" But I think it's like learning how to prioritize >> a communicating with the brand and saying, "Hey, sounds good. Yep. This revision, it's going to be about two days before I can get back to it because I'm in the middle of deadlines that are right now." And they most brands are going to be cool with that. They're not going to expect revisions back within one day, which is like most of them are two, three days. >> And then also knowing that like you alluded to this earlier, Ray, about like when you first start out between $50 and $100 is great. That's a great project, right? That's a great price. >> But now it's like, okay, I have to I have to raise my prices because physically I cannot do this many videos. So, like I need to weed out the lowpaying people, >> you know, charge a little bit higher and that way I can physically get to all of these these jobs, too. That's I mean, it's a great problem to have, >> right? And then when and then when you're not as busy, at least you're charging $400 or $500 a video because then it's not like it's not a huge crazy thing if you're not, you know what I'm saying? Because it helps pay the bills that way, too. >> No, you totally n hit the nail on the head. kind of where we are now is, you know, Rey established what he feels should be his base pricing and that's what he enters a negotiation with. And we've also really tried to look at our calendar and and made a conscious effort to communicate with the brands like our first available delivery date isn't until and then we put it two weeks out. And we're trying to intentionally book a certain amount of work, you know, both to monetize what we need to monetize, but also not to overwhelm us and make us feel like we're working 24/7, you know, into those time slots. And so that's the rhythm that we're trying to get into right now. And it seems to be working a little bit for us. >> How have brands responded to that? >> Like to to like, hey, we're two weeks out. Like are they usually like, oh, cool. And they got a little bit of FOMO. Is it help? Is it like a positive? >> Almost too. Well, sometimes Ray's like, I'm doing it to try to not get this job cuz I don't want it. And they're like, no, we'll pay you all you want. No, we'll wait till the first quarter. And we're like, >> yeah. And then I become the guy who like has never had a girlfriend. I'm like, okay, I'll go. Let's do this now. You know, uh, but [snorts] you know, the whole thing in the beginning with Fiverr not working and then you you you pivot, right? And then I went to incense and then I went to influ and then all that works. And then when the job started coming in, you know, I don't want to say you get a little brave, but you get some stones and you start to say, "Hey, can't do it." Y >> and I can't do it for 75 bucks. I can't do it for 150. And I forget who's I want to say it was Anna Socials or I forget who said it. >> She made the point that they're going to offer you the very least they can to start out the NE negotiation. >> Yes. And if you realize that and more importantly if you realize what your self-worth is you you know how good you are on camera you know how the the the videos and the content you can produce set yourself a minimum price range and don't go below that you know be have that confidence in yourself >> and you know with having that work backing me up you know having some work in the hopper yeah >> I was able to do that and lo and behold you know you say hey you know I think yeah I think my my line was thank you so I always Thank them. I always thank them for reaching out because you never know if you're going to have to cross that bridge again, right? Yeah. Always thank them for reaching out. I truly appreciate it, but it appears at this time with the scope of work and on your project, our our rate expectations do not align. And I'll tell you, 90% of the time they come back with a better offer. And like Haley was saying, some of the times I just don't I I don't want to do it for that product or that brand. But then they come back with the old godfather, right? an offer you can't refuse >> and [laughter] and and that's where you are >> and you got to do it. Yeah, that's funny. It's it's interesting how quickly that happens, too. And I told you guys when you started, I'm like, "Hey, you're going to get to the point where you're too busy, but no one believes like no one believes it until it happens." You're like, "What do you mean nobody too busy? I can't find a job to save my life this first week, you [laughter] know?" >> But then you get Yeah. You get experience and then you get and then it everything just starts snowballing. Your portfolio gets better and all a sudden you you have the cloud to back it up. I want to go into a couple a couple of your guys' experiences that I think are really cool and I definitely want to bring them up. Um the first being the World Series and and and a you and a UGC project. Oh heck yeah. Here comes here [laughter] comes the Dodgers hat. Here comes the Dodgers hat. So like again you're three months into this and >> that's unreal. >> And like wild story. How did that come up? like tell the story about how how it came about, how a company paid you to do a UGC video at the World Series game and paid for your ticket, you know. >> So, I I'll let Haley describe how how we got it and I I'll take it from there. >> Yeah. So, uh that was an inbound. You know, Ray had just been at that time I think that we were only like two months in at that time. That happened in the beginning of October, so maybe just a month in. and Ray a month in and Rey had um you know done a couple of just so a couple of um posts on Tik Tok Tik Tok and Instagram just kind of saying hey I'm Ray this is what I'm doing I'm new to UGC like super excited to follow all of you and hope you follow me along too and so he got an inbound from um and I think we can mention it right they posted the video and everything Neutrifall um so the the hair loss company and it was just >> regrowth hair regrowth There we go. And and they, you know, mentioned a video package and their they had just signed with MLB as one of their official sponsors. And so they were doing this whole hats off campaign. Their women's product for 40 plus has been very popular. So they're trying to focus a little bit more on like the 50 plus and came across Ray and thought he'd be a great fit. So, we signed that contract and got into kind of the work with them and Rey when he had his onboarding call mentioned his love for baseball. He had done some research on them and at that time it was coming into the playoffs, right? >> Yeah. Well, I'll back up even more. So, did you find it on Reddit or X? >> No, I think they were an inbound from your posts on TikTok. >> So, I had never heard of them before. And you know, you get that email and then you see the price they're offering. And of course I thought it was spam right away. >> And you know I'm like honey this company new neutrofoil new and she goes neutrfil. [laughter] >> I said yeah and here's the here's what they're offering. She's like you get your ass over there. You return that email right [laughter] away. And it it was legit. They got back to me within minutes. >> And said thank you for getting back to us. We we love what we saw. And that was that. And I knew and and then I kind of to you know you know I'm a huge baseball fan. Yeah. Yeah. >> And so I had seen that that name around and they were in the bullpin >> and I said hey are you that company? And they said we're actually the official sponsor of MLB. I went >> that's wild. [laughter] >> You want to talk about a 55year-old man turning into a 10year-old right away. I couldn't believe this was happening. So I listened to their I don't even think I heard a word they said. This is what we need you to do and blah blah blah blah. >> Yeah. Yeah, [laughter] >> I I'm telling you right now. And I said, "By any chance, are you the same sponsor of Major League Baseball?" They said, "Yeah, we're exclusive and blah blah blah." And anyway, we we get it. We sign the contract, blah blah blah. And I tell Haley, I'm going to call him back. I'm going to call the guy back cuz we had a great exchange. And I called him back, and this was right when the playoffs were starting. I said, "Hey," his name's Ram. I said, "Hey, Ram, by any chance, >> do you have tickets to the game tonight?" >> You just straight up asked him. >> Well, a little bit of conversation first, but but I can remember I had some friends over that day and I said, "I'm going to give this guy a call back." The game was the next day. They were starting the playoffs and >> he says, "Yeah, we we have six tickets to to that game." >> Did you game? Yeah. >> I Yes. And >> and and moving forward from that, you know, the Dodgers advance to the World Series and I >> So you go Hold on. So let's back up. So you go to that game. >> No. >> Oh, you don't go to that game. >> We wind up not having, you know, a babysitter. We have a dog. Blah blah. It didn't We would have had to road trip it there and then come back at 4 in the morning like that night. >> So we didn't. >> But you know, the Dodgers make it to the World Series. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> And so I said, I'm going to give them a call back. And at this point, have you done you've already done like a video or two for them or No, >> you hadn't done a single video at this point. This is your first under contract. >> That is wild. >> We have the brief. We We have our marching orders, but we're still weeks out from when they want it. They're not complete on the brief yet and going back and forth. Nothing's set in stone yet. So, I haven't even started work for them yet. But I asked him about the World Series and he goes, "Let me let me get back to you." Long story short, he goes, "If we got you two tickets, would you be able to shoot some content?" Yes. Yes. Yes. You know, I didn't even I didn't care what they said or how I had to get there. You It That's a dream of mine. >> Absolute dream. And I've been a Dodger fan for over 50 years. So, we say yes. He shows me where the tickets are at. I'm like, >> insane. We're like 20 rows up from the field. and uh he's like kind of have fun with it. These are kind of the talking points we need, but get after it. >> Yeah. Shoot a lot of B-roll. Um they gave us a script, you know. So, shot a ton of B-roll, did the intro, had the script. So, that night, you know, the game the game we ended, I don't know, 11. We get home. We get back to the hotel. Ray goes to the car the next morning and shoots the reads the script, the voiceover script in the car before we load up the kid and the dog to go back home cuz we did >> cuz we did a turnaround and then he started the drive and with the voice over I did the editing and we got it to them next day and they started running it. So it was awesome. It was awesome. It was amazing. >> So with that I had I had three videos I had to do. They're like we'll count this as one of them definitely. And the guy was again, Miss Ram is his name. Ram said, "You I love this so much and I got to be honest because you made me look so good and we turned it around in less than 48 hours." >> And very happy with us. And >> I think you alluded to it just a little while ago. They were so happy with the work that he says, "Number one, we have we have some products coming out for men 50 plus. We'd like you to be a part of that in the future. And we have other just strictly male products. We'd like you to be a part of the family. So, >> you know, talk about creating long-term relationships. This this is going to be one. So, just >> by the way, it was the worst game of the entire World Series. >> One of the best experiences I've ever had at Dodger Stadium. Got to meet and sit next to two of my favorite comedians. I mean, >> yeah. >> Just >> Yeah. I can't thank them enough and the experience. I mean, if anyone wants to see it, it's they posted it on Neutrifold men. Yeah. >> Check it out. It's >> You guys have it on your socials, too, don't you? >> We haven't posted it on our socials. >> Oh, you haven't? They told you or something? >> Oh, no. It's on our portfolio. >> Yeah, it's in our portfolio. We haven't posted it on our socials, so we're letting them run it. You know, we haven't check it out. Natureful men. >> Neutral. So, just you know, I [laughter] She always jokes. She's like, "A bummer you just peaked." >> Yeah. Yeah, it get any better than this. >> You peaked in UGC. It's not going to get better than this. So, >> I know. Well, a couple and a couple things from that is like a you don't get what you don't ask for, right? It's I say that all the time. And then b like >> the fact that you you got that because you posted on Instagram some rant about, hey, I'm new here. Would love to connect with people like, yeah, it was probably awkward to do. You're like, this feels weird, but I'm going to do it anyways. >> And you never know, like you never know where that stuff's going to take you. >> Um, absolutely. And then the other thing I wanted to ask about because I know again we're going all over the kind of the place with different platforms and inbounds and all that stuff, but one of the cool experiences you guys had, which is like something I like really want to get into as well, is backstage, right? And you guys did an in-person shoot recently. Like you're a full-on actor at this point. >> So So tell me this, like you guys just went, so you live in St. George. If you guys don't know where St. George is, it's like southern Utah, Moab, Zion, all the red all the red uh desert. You see every dentist office in America, >> every the same painting. He's not joking. So true. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, you guys went to Vegas for an in-person shoot from a UGC deal you got from Backstage. Is that right? >> So, once once again, you know, you get that notification, you know. So, it's it's Pavlovian, right? You're like, ding. You're like, okay, backstage. You have a message from >> And uh it was to and you know, play a doctor, which I've done half dozen times now. >> So, >> I said I I'm like, Haley, this they want me to act. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, >> in person. >> And again, she said, "You get your ass on that computer and you return their message." And you know, they they the pay was right. Everything was right. And we're we're an hour and a half north of Vegas, so not a big deal. We're we're road troopers anyway. We like to be on the road. >> And a good the the the producer was a great communicator. We went back and forth, had a great brief on the phone. He said, you know, bring these this clothing. And of course, anyone in UGC, if you don't have a lab coat, get one. You're going to need one for something. >> You're going to be a doctor or a nurse at some point. >> Yeah. Doctor, nurse talking about supplements, right, Nate? >> Um, what whatever it may be. And, uh, so we went and did it and it was so cool. And it's actually for, you know, a >> an invention that a doctor has for specific care that he's trying to do. And I played him. So when his product comes out, I'll I'll be the guy on the advertisement playing a doctor. and he was there to kind of say this is what a doctor would say and this is say and I'm >> full script. So did you have a teleprompter? >> No. So I got there no words >> and and then they said you know what we just need you to mouth like you're talking and use hand gestures like Haley's getting really sick of by the way um cuz I keep hitting this cord. [laughter] Um, so they just said just act like you're talking to a patient and it was I was in a separate room and they projected me on a 8-ft screen in a separate room to where the nurse and all all the other practitioners would be. So I was in a room all by myself and they would say just start riffing. Talk about what? And I would talk about sports, talk about baseball, football, >> making hand gestures and they would coach a little bit. They would say okay you're giving a patient a diagnosis. Okay. You're listening to a patient. >> They're going to die. How you going to tell them that? Yeah. Seriously. >> Yeah. I'm moving my mouth and moving my hands. I'm in the lab coat and I've got a stethoscope around my neck and just cool. And while I was there, same thing. I figured, why not talk to this guy? I was the last one in the room. And just sat around chopping it up over some lunch and they said, "Would would you be willing to come back? We definitely have some other projects we're working on." I'm like, "Yeah, it's Vegas. It's close to us. We'd love to love to help. If I could give any advice, if you get a job and you enjoyed the job or at least you enjoyed the people you worked with, stay in touch with them. >> Cuz they have a job, too. And their job is to look for people like you. >> Yeah. It's easier for them to rehire the same people. Right. And and sometimes you're just like doing them a favor by saying, "Hey, I'm willing to do another one." Because I've had friends like, "Hey, would you be okay like doing one more?" And I'm like, "Dude, yeah. This is music to my ears. Are you kidding me?" Yes. Like duh. I want more work. >> Yes. We just did that last weekend with Bordery. So, we were on the call, you know, doing the brief with uh with Bordery for the Christmas Chirkery board that we were getting. And he's like, "By any chance, um cuz we said, you know, we were getting it on Friday. You have to film it within 24 hours because it's fresh. It's it's amazing." And so, and so he's like, "We have family coming over both nights, you know, Friday and Saturday. We just have groups of family coming over for dinner." And, you know, we're bribing them just with games and dinner. um so we can film it either night. He's like, "Do you guys maybe want us to send you a second board?" And on the call, he sent us a second board to do a New Year's one the next day. So, we picked up a second job. And then we were talking about with me on the call. Yeah. Cuz I was talking about how, you know, we edit our own stuff, too. He's like, "You guys edit. Can you edit for an additional fee?" And so, we picked up, you know, editing for an additional fee, which I enjoy doing. Um I think we're going to whitelist with them. So yeah, it, you know, just being open to talk about it and being available definitely can open more doors because they're looking for creators that they can count on. >> Like you said, Nate, I mean, it makes their job easier if they have a roster of capable content creators and that's just it. We're doing that. if we work with a brand that's communicative and that we really enjoyed working on working with I should say and you know the the money is great but sometimes it's not the best but working with someone who communicates really really well all day every day all day every day so we'll just say got any more work and especially if you're going to talk face to face on Zoom call or just picking up the phone right a lost art >> picking up the phone and saying hey >> anything in the hopper and that that's been really successful for us also so much easier to close like on a conversation than it is via email too cuz and even just like a Zoom call that like once they see you and they get to know you for 5 minutes it's like it's way way better. >> Yeah. And just asking if you have questions about the brief. I mean just having a direct line to someone is is everything in this business. If I could tell brands, you know, anything that they could work on to help a creator on the creator side, it's just giving someone direct access to you to be able to ask those questions and work through those projects because you're going to end up getting better product from your creators on the back end. >> Yeah. Yeah. Instead of having to email and then wait 24 hours for a response. That's pretty brutal. >> Or or you know, with email sometimes you're like, "Hey, >> it's it's a week, it's two weeks, it's it's crazy." And then you're like, "Did did I follow up with them? Did I not?" But um yeah, having that's a that's a great great point. Having direct access to the creator or you know the producers of the project, it's invaluable. >> Yeah. Yeah. I love that. Well, I I super appreciate you guys. I want to kind of wrap it up with one last thought. I want to ask you a question is like what is your like I I see you guys enjoying this and like working together and it's I don't know. I you guys already know me. I'm a big believer of like yolo. You know, you get like one chance at this life. like why not do the thing you want to do with it and spend your time doing it the way you want to do it. So, I love that you guys are like spending this time together and like working together and and learning this new skill and thriving. Like what's your biggest piece of advice if you if you're for our listeners that are out there thinking about like, okay, I'm a creator and maybe I should get my husband involved or maybe I should get my wife involved. What's your what's your best piece of advice for those people? >> Do it. I mean, it's, you know, if they're open to it, if they're open to the experience and the opportunity to be able to share that time with each other and do it with each other, it's not going to be a cakewalk. [laughter] It's not going to be um, you know, all rainbows and sunshine. It's going to be hard work. This is for sure hard work. But the but the payoff on the back end to be in control of your time, your day, your income, to be able, you know, for us, we're each other's best friends. So to be able to spend time with my best friend and to be able to look at the bigger picture of the future of this and you know once we really start to to get to where we want to be to be able to pivot this to traveling with each other when the kids are out of the house you know or being able to do this from anywhere is that's just everything. That's everything. That's that's that's every I mean I think that that's what a lot of people dream of being able to do and because we took a chance and because we did it together, we're going to be able to do that and and that's pretty cool. >> Love it. >> Yeah. I if you have a creative bone in your body, I I could tell you this and you know this, Nate, if you wanted to, you could go get that corporate job again and you could circle back and hope the email finds you well and you know have people degrade your presentations and all. You could go do that. That's very easy. I I don't even think about that now. I don't even think about that now. That's the alternative is going back into the corporate world. And it scared the stuff out of me so much. I don't I don't ever want to go back there. Number one, this allows me that creative outlet >> every single day. >> And it's different. It's like a fingerprint, right? Every single day. It is just a little bit different. And and you know, like Haley said, I get to I get to hang out with my best friend. And I want to reiterate, it is not all, you know, puppy, dogs, and ice cream. It It's not. We have creative differences. >> But that's good. I don't want her to think like me and she doesn't want me to think like her. But it it it works. And And if you have a partner that you can get into this with and you're both willing, I I'm telling you, the sky's is the limit. Yeah. And And you know, like she said, we want to travel later in life. We want to do stuff like that. We could do this till the day I die. And for me, my my my talent pool just gets smaller and smaller. If I'm doing this till I'm 70 years old, I might be the only dude doing it, [laughter] which is great. >> Nate will be there. >> Yeah. Me Nate and I will have just a box full of supplements we've never used. And you know, it'll be awesome. >> Yeah. 100%. Well, the cool thing is too is you like we haven't even talked about this. We won't even get into this, but like you get to do you get a charge more for having two people in the video, too. That's people get like Yeah. you can both be in the someone can edit and someone can shoot but like I can't tell you how many shots I've had I've how many videos I've gotten because I have a spouse that's willing to be in the video you know >> yes >> so yeah and I just want to leave if this what say one more thing is anytime I get a job and I know she could do it also I let them know so with Neutrifall they're probably going to be calling her soon because I said hey just so you know I have a wife who's a creator and blah blah blah and here's her portfolio and they're like awesome awesome and they see her work and what she to do. So, anytime I can, I put her name out there, too. And more times than not, she gets a job, too. And we do we do it back and forth and and that works. >> Yeah. Keep the work in house, baby. Keep it in house. >> Yeah. Yeah. The mortgage isn't going to pay itself, right? >> Yeah. You got to charge those referral fees to each other. >> Yeah. Absolutely. >> Uh well, I super appreciate you guys being on here. Thank you for taking the time. >> Thank you, Nate. So fun. >> Super stoked to meet you guys in March, March 14th. UC UGCreator Connect. Uh you guys, UGCreatevent.com. Go check it out. It's going to be a really, really fun day. I'm going to meet We're going to be able to meet a lot of the people in the community. It's going to be awesome. >> Park City. >> Park City. I mean, it's one of our favorite. >> If you don't get to the Connect, you're in Park City. I mean, go. You've got [laughter] to go. >> But go to the Connect, too. >> And really, >> thank you, Nate, because I got to tell you, you're the one who really made this all possible. You're the one that continues to kind of be the shepherd for us and and show us the way. So, we we can't thank you enough. I swear you don't sleep or have a clone or something cuz I don't know how you wear the amount of hats that you wear. >> Too many [laughter] places at one time, man. We're we're suspect. I'll sleep. I'll sleep when I'm dead, I think. So, >> yeah. [laughter] Uh, super appreciate you guys. You guys, I'm going to uh tag both of your socials in the show notes so then people can see like what they're talking about. This kind of stuff you post. Give them a follow and then if you come to Creator Connect, you'll be able to meet uh Haley and Ray in person. But >> yes, awesome. Okay. Appreciate you guys. Have a great day and we will chat with you guys soon. Thank you guys for listening. Subscribe. Share this with your friends. Take it easy. >> You too. Bye guys. >> Bye. >> All right, that's it. If you got something out of this, hit subscribe, catch another episode, or share it with a creator friend who needs to hear it. And grab my free 10 steps to becoming a UGC creator guide. The link is below. Thanks for hanging out. I'll catch you next week. Keep creating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chadbartlett8577 [2 likes]: Loving this weeks POD!  this is the level I want to be going.
  2. @sandycordova2627 [2 likes]: This is awesome, guys! You freaking rock!
  3. @droeugc [1 likes]: Great interview.  Love the Cordova's content and story.  Carissa and I are hoping to get there.
  4. @contentbycordova [1 likes]: Such an amazing experience. Thank you for letting us sit down and share our UGC journey so far. It’s a tiny journey, but one we’re ready to take for the rest of our lives 😊 Also, thank you for creating the most wonderful community for us to be a part of and learn from others everyday!

- Is This The True Cost Of OnlyFans?: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, my dears. For a long time, Only Fans was viewed as the women's get-rich-quick scheme. And the myth that OF is an easy way to make money still seems to linger today with reports stating that some female students have admitted that they would turn to OF if money was tight. We've also heard that it's apparently empowering and it allows women to take control of their sexuality while simultaneously freeing them from the more exploitative sides of the patriarchal sex industry. But now with so many young girls joining the platform, we don't really need to speculate about the potential harms or consequences because now they are taken to the internet to share with us themselves exactly what the cost have been for them for joining this platform. Firstly, no, it definitely is not easy money. In fact, the average creator makes less than 200 a month. Now that it's become a lot more saturated because more people know about it, there's a lot more competition. Add on top the fact that there are high-profile influencers as well as celebrities joining the platform and it just generally makes it very difficult for your average woman to succeed, especially now that a lot of social media apps have become a lot more strict. So, it's made it a lot more difficult for people to promote their profiles. So, if you're thinking, "Damn, money is tight. Why don't I just flash for some cash?" Honestly, you are much better off finding whatever minimum wage job you can get your hands on because one, it will pay you more and two, it will come with less of the consequences. So, let's actually talk about those consequences, shall we? No, I'm not going to bore you with the stuff that we hear all the time like how it's going to affect your dating life or how it carries a lot of social stigma. I know that you know, you know? I'm much more interested in discussing the sides that are probably less discussed. Like, since we are on the topic of money, I think that someone who is considering doing OF as a way to up their salary or up their income because their job isn't paying them enough should probably reconsider that because in some cases there have been or many cases rather a lot of people who have tried to join OF in order to try and increase their monthly earnings have actually been discovered by their employers and as a result have actually lost their job which puts them in an even worse financial position than before they started. Another thing to also consider that a lot of people think they can get around is your family finding out about your content. Not only finding out, but in some cases even subscribing. Stepfathers have subscribed or their dad's friends. Have you like recognized any of the names in here of people that you might know? Oh, yeah, definitely. There's been some guys who like outwardly say like we used to go to school together Wow. or some of like dad's friends and stuff like that. What messaging you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just try to keep it very professional. Yeah, it's all quite weird, isn't it? And I think it is also important to remember that there are all sorts of characters on the internet and there are some people who are spiteful enough to find out who your family are and actually deliberately send them this type of content. This is something that many creators have discussed happening to them. One creator is Lily Phillips. She's been candid about the fact that her parents, in particular her dad, has been sent content that she's posted on her OF page. >> Has someone ever messaged your dad besides on Sarah? Yes. I mean, my dad's had like my own nudes sent to him. Oh, wow. Yeah, videos, papers, news articles, phone calls. What's What does he say like does he message you like, "Yo." >> [music] >> No, it was more of a a tearful phone call of, "I don't appreciate seeing that." [laughter] Okay. I do think that as you become more and more successful and well-known on the platform, this kind of stuff is just way more likely to happen to you. And so, I do think that if anyone was to try and join the platform, they should go in it with the assumption that your family, especially your parents, are going to find out. Speaking of Lily Phillips, Stacey Dooley actually did a documentary on her and I found it really interesting because we got to meet her parents. Listening to her parents share how they feel about what she does was actually quite hard to watch because it was like listening to an intervention for a drug addict as their parents begged them to stop what they're doing while telling them how it's harming them. Except the problem is the addict is not yet ready to sober up. Within the documentary, her parents expressed their desperation for her to stop what she was doing stating that they would give her anything if it could make her stop doing the extreme stunts that she was doing. Even going as far as to offer to sell their house and give her the money if it's money that is motivating her to stay in this line of work. But all their pleas unfortunately do land on deaf ears as Lily does make it very clear that she has no intention of stopping although she does acknowledge that her choice is selfish. Sometimes I guess it just makes me feel quite selfish to put my parents through that. I mean, ultimately it is selfish. Is it easier to just not talk about Yeah, it's just easier not to talk about it because then no one gets upset. >> Exactly. And so, when I'm around my parents, it's so wholesome. We don't even talk about work. You know, we're just back to like I mean, yeah. It's quite clear based on how upset she is that this is probably not something she really actually thought about. I doubt that she actually considered how this could affect the people she loves. I think for many young women who join this industry, they might have considered the consequences when it comes to themselves, but they often don't think about how those consequences will extend to the people they love because ultimately we are living in a time where people say do whatever makes you happy, but we don't exist in a vacuum. So, although you might be signing yourself up for things while you understand the consequences for yourself, it's also important to remember that the consequences don't end with you. But to be honest, even if Lily was to quit, there's no guarantee that her parents would stop experiencing all of this harassment as we've learned from other creators like Nala Ray. Like you're on the outside of that, there are huge huge consequences to your actions. Like the amount of people that have like sent me and my husband death threats, um the amount of people who have sent my husband things from my past consistently week by week is like so hard for him to deal with and then for me to be like ashamed about, you know, cuz I'm constantly being reminded of the things I've done when I just want to live, you know? I'm out of it now. I I know I'm out of it, but yet I keep getting brought back to that because of ignorant people on the internet wanting to remind me of the consequences that I deserve now in you know, in their head. What I also did find really interesting about listening to Lily Phillips's parents is they offered some extra nuance into this rising trend that we've seen of these OF girls saying how their parents support them and what they're doing. And Lily is one of these creators who used to say that her parents are very supportive of her. They say within the documentary that what they thought she was doing was just posting kind of the pictures that a lot of girls post on Instagram, lingerie, bikini shoots. And I guess they probably didn't see a problem with that because they essentially just viewed it as glamour modeling. I mean, after all like there are a lot of mainstream high-end fashion models who pose like that and who have those kind of photo shoots. So, I guess they probably didn't see it as distasteful. And Lily herself also admits that she definitely downplayed what she was doing and she wasn't entirely honest with her parents about the extent of the kind of content she was posting online. However, as she became a bit more infamous because of her stunts, they inevitably found out what she was doing and they weren't very happy about it. And so, I do wonder if this could be the more realistic circumstance of some of these parents who we hear are apparently supportive. Are they truly supportive or are they just not aware of what OF actually is? And so, they might not really think of it as anything more than just being a YouTuber. Then I imagine you have the parents like Lily Phillips's parents who don't approve of what she's doing and have gone as far as to try and get her to stop. However, if they don't want to stop, you're kind of forced into making two choices. You either have to just unfortunately tolerate it because the alternative is to potentially be estranged from your daughter because it's not uncommon for people to end up not speaking to their parents because they fall out over the fact that they're doing this kind of content. But there are of course those parents that are the exception who actually genuinely do support their daughter in doing this Blue's mom for example. I saw her channel 4 documentary and it was quite interesting to hear Bonnie Blue's mom say that she basically essentially believes that everybody's morals and values would take a nose dive into hell if they were offered a million pounds. I personally think that's more of a projection, but you know, it's quite clear that she does support her daughter because of the fact that she understands just how lucrative this is. I do think the internet is quite interesting because it definitely has rewired our psychology because I do think that because things are online, people treat them with a lot less seriousness compared to if the exact same thing was happening offline. I mean, after all we hear people saying things like the internet is not a real place or social media isn't real life. I think it's very easy for people to feel disconnected from their online selves and so, they might post and do and say things that they would never do in public or do in person. People might feel very comfortable posting revealing images of themselves or posing in very skimpy bikinis or lingerie online, but they would never for example walk like that in the street. Now, I know some people might say I'm comparing apples and oranges, but in reality the internet is like a digital street. You don't know these people. You have no idea who they are. You have no idea what they're doing with your content. And so, how different is it to just going out in the street where you're exposing yourself to people who you don't know? Yeah, sure in the real world you'd be exposing yourself to potential physical harm and her physical harassment. However, online you're still exposing yourself to digital harm and digital harassment. Whether it's people sharing your stuff and leaking it all over the internet or sending it to your family members. And I feel like nothing really shatters the whole notion that what happens online stays online than stalking. Over the last 2 years, I have reached my financial goals, but it came with costs that I never fully anticipated. I have been stalked multiple times. I have filled multiple police reports. I've filed restraining orders and my anxiety is at an all-time high. The private life I thought I could keep outside of social media is getting harder and harder to protect every single day. I've also had a break-in that forced me to increase my personal security. So, no. This stuff definitely does not stay online. And I also think that it's quite naive to think they can't have real-world in-person consequences. And I do think a lot of people would act differently if they treated the internet like the street. If you wouldn't go outside and do that in the street, then probably don't post it on the internet. I think another thing as well that I've seen some OF creators discuss is the permanence of their content. For many of them, they don't actually consider the fact that their content will be on the internet forever. And the reality is images of my body are going to be online forever. Something I can never undo or take away, no matter how my life changes in the future. People will constantly judge and pick apart every decision you make. And sometimes the hardest part is staying silent because you realize that no matter what you say, some people will just never respect your thoughts or opinions because of what you do for a living. >> And to be honest, is this really that surprising? When you consider just how young many of these girls are, it's quite normal for young people to just not think long-term. But in reality, their content will outlive them. Even when they're long gone, their content will still be surfacing on the internet because the fact of the matter is it's actually true that the internet is forever because people can leak your stuff, copy it, send it around. And so it's very difficult for you to completely erase all of this stuff, which is what makes some women feel like they just can't escape their past. Even if they delete their accounts and try and start fresh, it's hard because it's always going to come back to haunt them. And this is also the reason why some women end up just staying in the industry because even if they want to leave and they don't actually want to do it anymore, it makes it quite difficult for them to move on to other things. What was once perhaps seen as a stepping stone starts to feel more like an obstacle once they start desiring to pivot. Ultimately, despite us hearing how empowering and freeing OF is, I guess we need to start asking the question of just how true is that really? Because yes, it's definitely freed women from the traditional industry and so they have the ability now to post what they want when they want and also keep most of the profits. So, I guess in that sense, it's freeing. But how freeing is it really when this kind of content will live on the internet forever and you'll never be able to escape it regardless of whether you delete your account. This kind of stuff will be sent to your family members, to your future partner or husband, your future children or grandchildren. Knowing that your images are immortal and people can do whatever they please and want with them doesn't really sound very freeing or liberating to me. Now, don't get me wrong. Not every single woman who enters this line of work regrets it or will regret it. There are some women who generally enjoy and love doing what they do. We might not necessarily understand it, but they definitely exist and I think pretending they don't is disingenuous. But I have noticed a certain pattern with those kinds of women. First of all, they often get into it later in life, like at least 25 plus. They also don't get into it because of desperate times and they also don't tend to be agreeable. I've noticed that the women who are the least likely to regret it are not agreeable at all. These are women who are very comfortable setting boundaries and defending those boundaries and they quite simply don't do anything they don't want to do regardless of who is asking them to do it. And I think because of that, they have a lot more control and so it's harder for them to end up in these situations that they're more likely to regret because everything they do is on their own terms and everything they do is what they've actively chosen, not because they were pressured into it or coerced into doing it. But with so many impressionable, freshly 18-year-olds who don't really meet that profile, I do think that we're going to see a very large fallout in years to come. Especially when you consider the reasons why many of them are getting into it is because of the fact that they're struggling financially. Because if you're doing something out of desperation, I definitely think that there is a psychological harm in ignoring your natural instincts in order to do something that you feel you have to do in order to survive. I guess ultimately, I think it's just really important for people to really consider the gravity of the decisions that they make because there are genuine consequences to all of the actions that we choose. And when it comes to something like this, you really, really need to think about it and consider it from all angles because the truth is once you're in, you can't really go back. But I would like to know what you think. Do you think that we're going to be seeing a lot more of these kinds of stories of young women discussing their regrets or discussing the harms or the consequences that they've experienced from joining this platform? Or in a strange twist, do you actually think that this stuff could become more normalized because of how many young girls are on there? Because I have actually wondered about this. If there's an increasing number of young women joining this platform, that means that there's going to be an increasing number of people whose family members are on this platform. And if that becomes more and more common, could it get to a point where it just becomes normalized at this point and the social stigma starts to wane because of just the sheer numbers of people who are doing it? Or could it be like smoking where this thing had a buzz and people at the time didn't really think about it cuz they didn't know the harms, but as we are now seeing more and more of the harms, people develop an even more negative attitude towards it and it becomes even more stigmatized and perhaps we start seeing people putting in place policies and stuff to police it. I guess I'm kind of curious to know which direction this goes in. But I would be curious to know what you think. Do you think that this is a sign that it's going to become more normalized or do you think that it's actually going to become more stigmatized? Either way, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this in general. So, do let me know down below in the comments. If you found this video interesting, then why not like and subscribe? Thank you so much for giving me your time today. I will see in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @twilightgardenspresentatio6384: 10:50 reality
  2. @reuben-ql3dg: I think onlyfans has had no good at all. No good will ever come out of it and as you said the consequences are dire. Also for young men who are lonely and older men who are lonely they all get drawn in to looking at these creators jjst like how the porn industry thrives off of lonely men. Great video btw❤❤
  3. @e.m.k.2018: how is empowering relatable to being sexualized. That introduction needs revision. Empowerment is having a stem or an arts resume applying for a blue or white colar job lady!!
  4. @Gabekhp: I would generally consider OF to be in the larger category of qorn. I think it’s so hypocritical of people to bash and shame people for providing the content when they themselves consume it… because if you didn’t, you wouldn’t know about the creator— hello? 🙄

I also worry about young people in this industry and personally want the minimum legal age to increase for the very reasons and observations that you shared. When you’re young and your brain technically is not adult—how can you not be vulnerable to making mistakes and doing things that you don’t like when you eventually come to mature? It’s not possible, that’s literally the stage that every 20-30 year old is going through developmentally. That’s what neuroscience accepts now. It’s a stage of human development.  but society hasn’t caught up. So I think these people bullying these creators is evil, and I also don’t really understand why the parents thought they had a place to ask her to stop when I’m betting that they’ve consumed that type of content before. I also recognize that the harm the comes from the way people act around the sexual content industry is real and I want us as a society to better protect the creators of said content. Cuz don’t most of us benefit, from time to time? Part of that is talking about the harm so that young people don’t go into it blind which is why I’m thankful to you for this video.
  5. @jle4433: I love OF. Easy way to filter out girls who cannot be taken seriously for dating or for employment.
  6. @Dee-x4n3v: My view on Only Fans is that anyone participating is morally corrupt and I don’t care about how you justify your involvement. No different than prostitution which I don’t agree with either.
  7. @AndrewKahnn: Hopefully they regret it
  8. @AstroZombie1138: I imagine the true cost would be when they meet a nice man and he looks them up and vids pop up which means she could never be invited to meet the parents. I imagine that could be a significant cost.
  9. @raykarena4595: Excellent, you create the best content...
  10. @austinmejia3210: These women will blame their managers and take zero accountability
  11. @potate-59e: Get a job, medical sector, maybe somewhere outside USA, pays big sum. Even Vets make lot of money.

We need more female doctors for women in need!
  12. @InthisworldButnotofit: Because a woman isn't making enough money at her job. What are her qualifications ? Work experience, expertise, etc. We should be made to feel sorry for a woman that doesn't have any skills other than looks and a body. She doesn't make any efforts  to get a second job, go back to school, etc. and or networking. The only option is prostitution called another name! Women do not think of the millions of men that spend their money, ruin their relationship and financial needs. These men are seen as fools, suckers, and weak but the women are seen as a bosses! As soon as the money is not as easy to get for a women they claim they are being exploited! 
SHUT THE ENTIRE O.F. DONE! Women are the promoters of this to younger women not men! Now they want to make the company the villain because all women aren't make much money. Just like any other job not everyone will become RICH. Are you making Millions in your current position? Are all the employees at your job making a million? NO. So why is this an argument because its women!  Prostitution is prostitution even when women disguise it as liberating to expose your body parts to the world.
  13. @drob128: Not like smoking, the harms isn't from the activity, the harm comes from random creepy people.
  14. @peterburke8650: Visit a brothel. Have a chat.easy money.
  15. @hypnokitten6450: No, it is not. I have plenty of friends with OF accounts, they have very happy and descent lives. The only cost they pay is what everyone in physical professions (eg. athletes) pays in that you get a lot of money early on and if you have to invest it before you age out of that profession and into the next phase of your life. Yes, there are horror stories in every job, amazon workers dying on the floor while their coworkers have to work over their bodies, engineers working 20 hours a day out of 24 for months at a time while their hearts give out, got a buddy cleaning toxic stuff in chip factories where one drop of liquid on his skin would mean death within a few months. Nothing's perfect. The worst part of the OF job is judgemental pricks that think somehow sex work is 'lesser' then all the other far worst jobs the rest of us work, because they like to feel good and churchy about themselves.
  16. @jussehwagner3166: If a hollywood producer makes a sexist movie that objectives woman it is bad, because it pushes sexist norms.

This is also true if thousands of woman make their own objectiving content.

OF harms woman, whether they post or not, by further the idea that the female body is a product.
  17. @GoodGirlKiki: Just found your channel and you're right up my street❤️
  18. @Roan.bot.: Only fans doesn’t let women take control of their sexuality. That’s what the birth control pill does. Only fans lets women take advantage of the desperation that is men’s sexuality.
  19. @bobbydigital8056: What a bunch of pigs. Also, supporting your daughters awful behavior because it is lucrative is also awful.
  20. @nezarelmasleh4140: She laughed when talking about her father getting teary-eyed.

- The rise and fall of OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en The owner of Only Fans made $700 million last year. 46 employees and no debt. By almost any measure, it is one of the absolute best and most profitable businesses on the internet. About a year ago, the owner of the business tried to sell it and has been struggling ever since to get a high price for it. Why is one of the most profitable businesses in the history of the internet struggling to sell? The answer to that stems of how the whole business came together. It all started with a $10,000 loan from one guy's dad to him to go and start the business. And today, $7.2 billion in revenue flows through Only Fans. And if you think about it, what should a business that generates $700 million a year in cash trade for? Like, if that was on the public stock market, it would be incredibly highly valued, multiple tens of billions. But here we are, and Only Fans is kind of stuck. And look, this is a crazy story with Only Fans. It is also one of the most difficult videos to make. I mean, in the end, this is an adult website. Well, I did no first-person research on this, unlike I did with most of the fast food videos and coffee ones. Uh, but but in the end, we'll talk about cuz there's some crazy business lessons in this whole thing. But before we get into that, I want to let you know that I put every single one of these video stories that I do into a one-page summary cheat sheet. It's a great way for you to remember the key beats of the story and take away all the great lessons that come from it. And maybe you can be the cool guy at the party who is telling interesting business nerd stories like I do. Join the club. Anyway, you can get all these cheat sheets totally for free at girdley.comyoutube. Just put your email in and you'll get this video's cheat sheet automatically, plus all the other ones I've done. Now, let's get back to the video. How Only Fans got to where it is today actually starts back in 2016, not that long ago. And it actually starts in England. A young man who is living in Essex and had gone to kind of a second tier English university. a man named Tim Stokeley. Well, he's a hustler and an entrepreneur. And look, the adult business tends to attract a certain type of folks. They're people that decide that that's an okay market to be in. And Tim was that type of person. His first few websites were adultoriented called Cams for You and Glams for Whatever. Basically kind of off-brand, you know, adult pornography type websites. He tried a few other things, none of which took off. One of them was like a matchmaking site, so like an Angie's List for trades people. Didn't go anywhere. And ultimately he was about to run out of money. So he went to his dad uh who was a banker in England and said, "Dad, I need some more money to keep trying these business ventures." And his dad said, "Look, this is the last loan I'm going to give you. Here's £10,000 and see what you can do with it." This last shot would be a business called Only Fans. But Only Fans back then was not what Only Fans is today. They actually from the very beginning banned adult content. The idea was basically to be Patreon but on steroids where people connect directly with their fans and basically do business with them. They wanted musicians, artists, creators, all that type of stuff. The creators would keep 80% of the revenue. The platform would take 20%. The problem was there was already a Patreon doing Patreon very well. So the Stokeleys were stuck and eventually they needed to make some money. So in 2017, they quietly lifted the ban on adult content and suddenly adult performers and people in the adult industry flooded the platform and for the first time these creators can earn directly from their audience. No middlemen, no promoters, nobody taking 90% of the cut and they can start to build their own business going directly to their fans. growth is steady. Like they managed to make payroll and keep going, but there's nothing really to grab headlines or to start kind of the snowball of popularity for Only Fans at the time until somebody comes along that sees something in the site and potential that they don't. And in 2018, that man is Leonid Ravinsky. He comes in and he buys 75% of the parent company of Only Fans. Leonid is like a lot of people in the adult industry. Famously quiet and reclusive. He's never given a podcast interview. His photos are rarely found on the internet. Heck, I don't even know if we're going to be able to find one uh when we edit this video. And he's the son of immigrants who'd moved to the US from Ukraine. He got a degree back in 2002 from uh Northwestern, I think it was in Chicago. And his very first business had been well, you guessed it, in the adult industry. One of his subsequent ventures in 2004 was called My Free Cams. And it was basically a site where people could well basically do live streams of their uh well adult stuff. and uh his growth tactics were so extreme and so aggressive that Microsoft eventually sued him on behalf of Hotmail users for the types of growth hacks that he was doing to try to get new people on the platform. After he bought out Only Fans in 2017 2018, Tim stayed on as CEO, but behind the scenes it was Leonid calling the shots and he vision was to turn Only Fans into a hive of pornography. I quoted that that somebody wrote that in my research so I didn't make up that phrase. Almost immediately stuff started to go wrong, but not what you imagine. Uh, what went wrong was on the financial side. In 2019, Metro Bank, who had controlled all the accounts for Only Fans, basically shut down all of their banking services with no notice. Vinsky and his team went crazy to go try to find a new banking relationship. But this was the first message that they were going to be hearing from the financial system. Everybody from the credit card companies to the banks didn't want to be doing business with adultoriented websites and Only Fans was definitely one of those. Then came a lucky break for Only Fans, the COVID pandemic. In March 2020, the world basically shut down. At that moment, I remember that time when the NBA game was cancelled and suddenly we all felt like the world was going to be shutting down very quickly. With everybody trapped in their homes, suddenly Only Fans was poised to explode. In that first month of COVID, the user base grew 75% for Only Fans. Supposedly, they were averaging between 6 and 8,000 new creators per day and over 200,000 new users. The entire adult industry was basically shut down. You couldn't go to gentleman's clubs. You couldn't go outside your house. And people needed an outlet. And they went to Only Fans. In April 2020, they started to make the leap into the mainstream. And part of what did that was Beyonce name dropped Only Fans in a collab she did with Megan the Stallion. Traffic jumped 15% overnight just from that song. Then suddenly the rest of cultural mainstream started to recognize and know about Only Fans. Cardi B, all these different folks started to mention Only Fans in their stuff and it was getting amplified as part of the culture. Then in August 2020, a lady named Bella Thorne signed up for Only Fans. She reportedly made a million dollars in 24 hours and another couple million the next day. She was not selling explicit photos or explicit content. Uh she was charging 200 bucks per message with fans who thought they were messaging with her in order to get copies of explicit photos. But the problem was when they actually went to request the photos and go through the whole thing and paid the money, they just didn't get anything that was X-rated. the longtime creators on the platform kind of tricked and used all of the user base who were expecting one thing and got another. Basically created a ton of refund requests that the uh users asked for their money back when they felt uh well cheated. Only Fans makes money by taking a percentage of each transaction. So when we talk about revenue numbers for it, we're talking about net revenue. Remember most of the money coming in goes straight back out to the creators. YouTube is like this by the way as well. 55% of every dollar you spend on the platform or advertisers pay goes to folks like me. So, thank you for watching. So, net revenue, the percentage take that Only Fans was taking started exploding. In 2020, they did 375 million. In 2021, it was nearly a billion. Only France was printing more money faster than almost any company in history of the internet. And they were doing it all at a crazy scale with a tiny number of people, only 46 employees. But as the platform grew, something else was starting to emerge that was going to be a real problem for it. And this was a shadowy industry that was created around the platform itself. As creators on the platform started to scale, suddenly it was becoming impossible for them to keep up with the flood of what was happening, which was DMs were where the real money was made. People were creating basically parasocial relationships between the creators and the customers. In other words, somebody who had a credit card might think they had a direct relationship with the producer of the content, the star, but in reality, that's not what was happening. What was happening was the scale was so great, the creators couldn't keep up. So, Instep a new type of company. People who had agencies that would go run these accounts on behalf of the creators. In other words, people who thought they were talking directly with the creator were uh basically chatting with who knows who. Some random person with hairy knuckles located in some foreign country who is a uh probably not even the same gender as the creator. So while this person might think they were talking to the creator, in reality they were talking to somebody in the Philippines or Pakistan or India or South America or any place that was different than the creator. And that person might be managing three, four or five relationships at the same time all with one goal. How do they get that person who has the credit card to swipe it as many times as possible thinking they're talking to the real creator? This kind of scamming had its own term uh created by the New York Times. They called it e- pimping. Basically, these folks job was to scam, cheat, lie, and mislead people with credit cards, basically lonely men typically, to swipe it as often as possible. So, you see the problem. What's going on as these agencies emerge? You've got basically relationships that are built totally on a lie. And behind it all is Only Fans taking 20% of each and every one of those scam transactions. So while Only Fans pretended to sell a relationship with a real person, they were selling you basically somebody in a call center trying to get you to open up your wallet as quickly as possible. But then Mastercard, one of the two major credit card networks in the world in 2021, announced a new policy that would make that very difficult. It was called A&5196. And 5196 basically said that any website that was taking masterards that was producing adult content had to go through and examine each and every piece of content before it went out without fail. They required further that each and every producer of content had to have government IDs issued and verified by the platform. Every piece of content, every single person, this all had to be done by October 2021 or platforms like Only Fans would run the risk of not being able to take credit cards anymore. These requirements had a simple goal stated which was they didn't want people to be using these websites to do things like child, you know, exploitation and trafficking of humans for the purpose of uh basically making money because of their bodies and appearance. But it's also worth asking if the real intent behind all of that was making things like Only Fans basically too expensive to operate on the internet. With everything else and a lot of life, there's no such things as black or white answers to stuff. Life is complicated. The ACLU got involved. They basically filed a formal complaint saying that this policy by Mastercard was uh restricting First Amendment uh rights for basically sex workers and uh making it difficult for many of them to earn a living. It's the ACLU after all. Basically, this backed only fans into a corner. At the same time, you had folks like Melon Bank, JP Morgan Chase basically shutting down their ability to move money around in wires. The reality is in America and in most of the world, if you're cut off from the banking system, it makes it incredibly difficult to do almost anything, much less uh you know, you can't even pay your mortgage system. And it's even worse if you're a big business like Only Fans. And they were getting backed into a corner. On August 19th, 2021, they did something pretty crazy. They announced that in October 1st, they would no longer allow adultoriented content to exist on Only Fans. And by this point, like that was the name of the business. That's what the whole business is, is an adult website. They were suddenly saying, "Hey, Only Fans, we're not going to allow any more of that going forward." Stokeley, who was still involved in leading the business, he basically went on media tours and said, "Hey, the banks have forced us to do this. We can't be in the adult business anymore. Creators went and started to look up on other sites like one's called Fansley and stuff like that. Also, never seen that one." Uh, but but in the end, like Tim and his folks said, the reason we have to do this is we have to be connected to the money system to be a business. And here was Only Fans unable to do that. But in a crazy turn of events, 6 days later, Only Fans came out and said, "Well, we're reversing that decision." Suddenly, they had managed to find new banking partners. What had happened in the background was creators and the public had started to pressure the banks. Tim going out and being public about the banks causing the shutdown of adult content had caused all those people who were on both sides of those transactions to put pressures on those banks. In reality, there had been kind of a standoff. Also, those banks, they want to make money. And the way they make money is by having money flow through their system. And here was a big source of that money about to be totally cut off. The reality is all of these kind of shadow industries, ammo, guns, adult content, cannabis, they all exist in kind of a gray area and there's an inherent tension there. The banks and all the financial system, they want to be making money from those transactions. There's a lot of cash there. At the same time, they're getting pressure from the other side, which is like gray area is gray area for a reason. Uh it's sometimes outside the law, and sometimes there's a lot of people in those industries doing not good stuff. And the interesting thing of where America's gone, uh so much of our regulation and expectation about the morality of society is getting not done by the government or by the courts or by the laws or by legislators. It's getting done by the whims and decisions being made by big corporations. And it's kind of crazy if you look at it now. It's become a normal expectation that we expect all these folks who are running businesses to become both the morality and legal police for the American society. Stokeley had had enough. 4 months later he stepped down in December 2021. There was a new CEO for a bit and then in 2023 they brought in a new CEO to run the company. That person well is a lawyer. That person's name is Key Blair and that tells you what's going to be the real battles for Only Fans going forward. Over the next four years, Radvinsky ran the company his way. It was totally out of the way. The company had one mission, and that was to put money in the pocket of Radvinsky. Over the next four years, the company has distributed $1.4 billion in cash to this one man alone. Even after all that distribution, the company was making $46 million per employee. Basically makes it more efficient per employee than almost any other company on the world. I mean, you go look at Google and Microsoft, Salesforce, Tesla, some of the great giant enterprises of the world, like they make nowhere near that. A lot of them are making 200 or 300,000 per employees, not 46 million. Reason is the business model. Only Fans has software that they run. They rent data centers and all they do is just take 20 cents of every dollar that flows through the platform. Creators do all the work creating the stuff. The customers break out their credit cards. While no politician would ever visit their office in the UK for good reason. In total, Only Fans pays more tax than Starbucks, IBM, and Microsoft combined each and every year, 167 million in the past year, for example. But remember the rise of all those kind of agencies that were creating fake relationships on behalf of creators and basically scamming the customers. Well, people started to notice this. Law firms have started to file class action lawsuits. The first few have been dismissed, but more and more are coming in. The public is starting to learn that the whole thing is kind of a scam. But that's not the biggest problem happening. The biggest disruption coming at this next point into 2022 and beyond is AI. On a positive note, the creators using AI scheduling tools and AI automation could stop needing these kind of scammy agencies to come in that were taking 30 to 50% of revenue. On the other half, well, the AI is coming for the creators themselves. You're starting to see the first fully AI generated artificial creators on the platform. People who are basically able now to run entire organizations and entire businesses on Only Fans without any real people involved at all. One platform called Fan View, a competitor to Only Fans, claims already that 15% of its revenue comes from AI generated creators. And one of those creators is named Itana Lopez. She makes €10,000 a month. The problem? Well, she's not actually really a Spanish woman. She's a fiction. She's totally AI generated. So that brings us to 2025. You have this underlying banking problem for Only Fans where there's any moment the possibility that the whole thing gets cut off from the financial institutions. You have this situation where customers are figuring out that the whole thing is basically a scam. You're talking to some call center in Pakistan, not a real person. And the technology is coming where AI promises to basically disrupt the entire thing. And remember, only fans exists because there is a marketplace being made of buyers and sellers. Why are all the buyers there, the viewers? Well, because that's where all the creators are. Where all the creators there? Well, that's because that's where all the buyers are. But when AI comes in and basically cuts all that out, the whole platform risks falling apart. Ravinsky is not stupid. In May 2025, almost a year ago, the news broke that he was exploring selling the business at an $8 billion valuation. If you took the exact numbers of revenue and growth that Only Fans was doing and made it a software company, that business might trade at 15 to 30 times earnings. Here was Radvinsky going out to try to sell it for 12 times earnings. So, Radvinsky was actually trying to sell it at a discount relative to that. But in practice, it would prove to be something else. And in the first kind of bidder to come through was an LA private equity firm. Uh its executives had tried to actually take Only Fans public in a spa a number of years before and that had failed. And here they were trying to put together a deal to buy the company at $8 billion. And a big part of that reason was the adult audience basically and content of the business makes the entire thing untouchable for huge pools of capital uh in the world. If you go look at private equity, hedge funds, a lot of those different types of funds, they are unable to put money into certain types of businesses. And one of those businesses is adult content. So while those folks might be willing to pay huge multiples for Salesforce or Microsoft stock, there's no way they're doing it for Only Fans. And you can see this across the industry for adult businesses. They throw off a ton of cash. Their buyers are few and far between. Pornhub, which is kind of the leading, I guess, YouTube for pornography, uh, basically sold in 2023 for $400 million. Not a huge multiple. Patreon, remember, basically the main street version of Only Fans? Well, it sold for $4 billion in 2021 despite never being profitable. You can see the dichotomy here. The deal with these LA investors, Forest Road at $8 billion. It fell apart. They couldn't put the financing together. Then just last month, the thing that precipitated this video creation was the Wall Street Journal reported that a new firm called Architect Capital had entered the picture and they were going to be paying $5.5 billion to buy Only Fans. Architect is a weird firm. Basically, they play in kind of oddball assets, tech enabled and stuff like Only Fans. The problem is they only have about $100 million under management according to public reports and they had to go find the rest of the money. And as I've watched posts on social media and people talk about this deal and remember Architect mostly does debt. They don't do private equity and they're just an oddball firm. There are people who are out there trying to raise money on their behalf to participate in the deal. And the stuff I read is that they're having a hard time doing it. Almost everybody with allocation or invites to invest in the deal doesn't want to have anything to do for all the reasons I talked about earlier in this video. Even still, Architect and his promoters are saying that they expect to fix the banking problem for Only Fans and the financial kind of Achilles heel that it has and then take the whole thing public in 2028. And look, nobody understands this business better than Ravinsky. He basically has pulled $1.4 billion out in dividends. But he sees all this stuff happening. He's been in the adult business for a very long time. It's crazy that after, you know, pulling out $700 million last year, he's pulling the plug and selling it what is not a very big multiple. And I think the only plausible answer for why he's doing that is cuz he sees all the headwinds and problems that are going to be coming for Only Fans in the future. And look, that's a pattern you see amongst really smart investors. They know to get out when the getting's good. And you saw that in my video that I did on Blockbuster. In fact, Blockbuster was sold twice by billionaires who knew exactly when to get out because they knew the future wasn't as bright as it had been when they got it. And to me, I think that's the big lesson of Only Fans. Well, there's probably two lessons. The first one is, look, there's a lot of money out there to be made if you're willing to compromise your values and ethics. For me, it's not worth it. I'd rather be broke than be in some of these businesses that people get in. But the second thing I think is, you know, you as a business owner, you as an investor, you have to pay attention to what's going around you and your business in the world. And in the case of Only Fans here, you see some folks doing exactly the right move, which is well, they're going to get out when they get good. And uh the future is not so bright for that business. All right. Hopefully I navigated being able to present uh the wild business story of Only Fans in a way that won't get me cancelled. We'll see how I did. Let me know in the comments below. Catch you next time. So, hey, this is Michael about 3 weeks after I recorded the video about Only Fans because yesterday they announced that Leonid Redvinsky, the guy behind it and the key figure in the story, he died at age 43 from cancer. And it's kind of a a fascinating day to the whole thing to be very Frenchy in using a word. But the reality is I think it is a fascinating testament to the idea that we on the outside and I built that whole video like feeling like I had researched a lot about Only Fans and knowing about it, but in reality there was a key data point like I didn't know like the guy was putting the business up for sale because he was dying. and maybe he kept that pretty close to himself. But in the end, I think that's a big life lesson and a big business lesson. Especially when you're dealing with competitors or partners or employees and tough situations. There's always stuff you don't know about the story. And uh that was a perfect case and point here. Even still, I think the rise and fall is a compelling story. So, hope you enjoyed it, but wanted to add this little bit extra before we published it. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-Girdley [44 likes]: Get the exclusive business breakdown from this video → https://girdley.com/youtube
  2. @ModernDayRenaissanceMan [1 likes]: I can't believe in a world of free porn that people have paid for it. 

It's almost like some people WANT to be stupid.
  3. @memyselfandi9365: L.Radvinsky is an Epstein class purveyor of filth just like the owner of porn hub Solomon Friedman, and would you believe it, an ordained Canadian rabbi...
No I'm not joking.
  4. @MadsThorlund: This video is way too early. OnlyFans hasn't fallen yet at all what the hell. Second video of yours thats just full of bullshit. Unsubscribed.
  5. @saahir68: Filth
  6. @Milan-ng8dt: Well done, nice ethics.
  7. @joelthomas79: This is a genius idea. 💡 Go take a nice hike and talk in depth about a business. The foliage and topography looks like Texas, you’re wearing a hoodie, so…maybe hill country.
  8. @Regalert: But RISE-AND-FALL is their business, isn't it?😅
  9. @andrewkuplevakhskyi3562: Thanks for the video. Please, use true, Ukrainian, names of cities, not the ruzzia-colonised ones. Odesa, not Odessa.
  10. @landofthesilverpath5823: Interesting how so many of the owners of the adult industry are, well, Jewish.
  11. @CheswickYouKnow: 5:39 No pun intended!?! 😂🎉
  12. @falsfire: Hi Michael, greetings from north of the 49th. I thought I'd share an interesting semi-related story here that you might not have heard of down in the US, even though the cause of this is from the US...

So one of the largest chains of vape retailers in this part of Canada, is a company called Fat Panda. When vaping became no longer a gray area and legal/regulated here, Fat Panda quickly emerged as one of the biggest, at least in this part of Canada. Most locations, best selection, best prices, best loyalty programs, etc.

When cannabis was federally legalized for recreational use (2017), Fat Panda branched into selling cannabis products at some locations too, since they could now legally do so. (but a fun fact there, they had to have a separate POS terminal to use for cannabis transactions, like only that station could do it, and that station couldn't do non-cannabis transactions...not sure why).

And then, quietly, around a year and a half or maybe a year ago, they stopped selling cannabis (despite the stores signs still having 'CANNABIS' and the marijuana leaf displayed prominently). When I asked the clerk why, she said it was something to do with a US investor...

So, some investor (probably a hedge fund) in the US invested heavily in this successful Canadian business, and then put pressure on them to stop selling cannabis. Because in Canada, cannabis transactions can legally use the banking system, so it's not like how in some US states that are legalized, the transactions must be in cash and the stores have to physically transport that cash to and from the bank (a huge security risk, obviously).

So my guess is, the US investor or hedge fund, maybe ran into issues receiving their dividends from Fat Panda because the company sells cannabis (even though it's based in, located in, and operated in a foreign country with different laws).

And now Fat Panda's business has massively declined (a close friend works there, so I hear from her all the time about it), as many of their regular vape customers, who found it convenient that they could buy cannabis too at the same store, have taken their cannabis and vape business elsewhere, for convenience.
  13. @RianRizvi: The ending is a great lesson. Most of the time we are fitting only our concocted version of the world onto what we see, to try to move ourselves further, and IRL it gets likes and dislikes. We don't deal in truth.
  14. @opheliaz-bricker5679: This is a sad ending. All the money can't buy him more time to live.
  15. @UbbaKCliff: You forgot nairobi. That’s where most are located
  16. @brad9529: I bet you sat in the shower and prayed after making this video. If you can't treat a serious industry seriously without your bigited attitude then you shouldn't be reporting on it.
  17. @jakenkid: What a scumbag. Saying these people are compromising their morals and values...? Not, fuck you! They are compromising YOUR morals and values. People don't go against their values. People just do things based on their own morals.

It's sad and pathetic of you to apply YOUR morals and values to other people.

What a sad existence.
  18. @filipbajic7244: Fall my ass…
  19. @truckdrivinggamer: I was checking out an OF page recently, looked like they wanted $12 a month to see 1 girl naked. It just seems crazy in the US, might make more sense in England where I think prostitution is legal so that $12 a month for 1 girl could go somewhere like a strip club at a brothel.
  20. @OrchidPapi: I thought 💭 the owner is now dead 💀 scary 😱 story there! Possibly connected to a government intelligence agency

- I’m an OnlyFans star on a mission to bed 500 virgins this year — but I’m also engaged to be married: Kind: captions Language: en An Only Fans creator has set an ambitious goal of sleeping with 500 virgins in a year while being engaged to be married. The woman, who shares explicit content online, claims she wants to help inexperienced men gain confidence in intimacy. She sees her mission as a form of sexual education, believing that her encounters will positively impact the men she sleeps with. Despite her unusual challenge, she is engaged to a supportive fiance who reportedly understands and accepts her lifestyle. She insists that their relationship remains strong and that her fiance is secure in their bond. He acknowledges her work as part of her profession and respects her choices. Her goal has sparked controversy with some people questioning the ethics of her mission and whether it truly benefits the men involved. Critics argue that such experiences should be rooted in genuine emotional connections rather than being treated as a challenge or a business venture. Others see it as an unconventional but valid way of helping individuals struggling with intimacy. The Only Fans star remains unapologetic, maintaining that she is offering a valuable experience to those who might otherwise struggle to find intimacy. She emphasizes that all her encounters are consensual and that she ensures a positive and respectful experience for each participant.

- 90 Day’s Stephanie Says Fans Were ‘Awful’ To Her For Onlyfans: Kind: captions Language: en I want people to know that I have their best interest at heart because I've been doing this type of work for so many years and I've dealt with a lot of the challenges and the stigma it's kind of funny but since I was one of the first 90day people to really be open about my only fans to really start doing only fans and be in this line of work I actually had a lot of previous cast members current future cast members reach out to me personally and ask for advice and I have been super open with the cast members on like how to build an audience and like you know even being there as an emotional support when they felt that they were getting a lot of hate or they weren't sure if they wanted to make one I formed a lot of connections with my fellow cast members and it's pretty cool because you know when I started thinking about this platform and devel Ving it in the beginning stages I started to reach out to you know some of these fellow cast members and and let them know that I'm creating this platform and that you know I'd love to have them on it but also asking for their feedback like what would you want on the platform what should we focus on like I'm creating this platform for myself but also for you guys too so it's really important to me what the creators want and you know I'm willing to take any feedback so one of the first questions I ask when I when I try to you know invite people to join is like what do you think of the site what do you think could be better what can I improve you know so you know it's a work in progress It's it's being built right now and it's it's ready for launch in August August 28th 3 days so um you know but we're still going to be adding more features we're developing a lot of exciting things I mean like if you were to tell me who's the founder of only fans I'm like I don't even know who's getting my 20% right like it's and it's such a huge website with millions of creators so that was just another thing with unfiltered I want people to know that I have their best interest at heart because I've been doing this type of work for so many years and I've dealt with a lot of the challenges and the stigma I mean you know just based on how I was treated the past year when I was on before the 90 days and when it aired and then everybody found out I was on only fans and all of the judgment and all of the people coming down on me and and being awful to me so you know I'm hoping to break the stigma and to treat these creators with respect I've seen the comments I've seen the nasty horrible things that people have said or the underhanded compliments or even just to see how much people celebrated the fact that only fans was going to remove adult content the fact that people were actually happy about the fact that people were going to lose their income it's really it's disgusting it's sad right and it speaks volumes about the kind of people that those people are um and I get asked a lot how I deal with the hate and what's the best way to deal with it I have the mentality that people's opinions don't put food on the table and whether people like me or not isn't going to pay my bills so I just worry about my money my family my friends my dogs and I live a really happy comfortable good life and I help everyone that I can and I feel like I give back to my community and I help people that are in need with the money that I make so I do feel like I positively contribute to society as well in other ways so you know you just have I mean sometimes it's sometimes it's hard some days I wake up in a bad mood and I see a bean comment and it put and it like sets me off for for the rest of the day so I wish I could say that like I have it all figured out and I feel so positive and awesome about everything all the time it's not always the case but you know we do the best we can and like hopefully people can see me living my life and being generally happy and it can show them like hey yeah like screw everybody else like screw what they think you don't you don't need to listen to the hate you can continue living your life being happy get your money go on vacation buy that bag

  Top Comments:
  1. @bobbyrewing4745: LOL

- A Selfie Made Me Lose 220lbs | BRAND NEW ME: Kind: captions Language: en the day that i decided to change my life was the day that i weighed 352.4 pounds i have tried to lose weight so many times in my life that i can't even count all of a sudden i couldn't ignore how big i had gotten i decided that day that i was going to do it this time i lost 220 pounds in 18 months if i set my mind to it i will achieve it there's no stopping me i suffered from eating disorders most of my life from fourth grade on pretty much so i've always had a very unhealthy relationship with food when i moved out at 18 and lived alone i all of a sudden had nobody else watching me eat that's when my binge eating disorder really kind of took over and controlled my life [Music] but i always did it using unhealthy disordered eating behaviors and so even when i did lose a big amount of weight it was not sustainable because i wasn't adapting healthy habits that you could sustain was the day that i weighed 352.4 pounds september 14 2017. i was going to a work outing it was supposed to be both volunteering and fun so i wanted to look cute i put on a dress and i took a picture of myself in that dress and i immediately started crying picture that i did not intend to be a before picture but it ended up being the before picture i texted this picture to one of my friends immediately after i took it and was crying because i thought i looked pregnant it all of a sudden hit me how far i had let myself get i couldn't ignore how big i had gotten my motivation changed it went from wanting to lose weight to look skinny and fit into a smaller pair of pants to wanting to lose weight so i live to see 30 and get to play with my little brothers and be an active mom one day i decided that day that i was going to do it this time during my weight loss of 220 pounds i worked out probably a total of five times i am a true testament to how important food is on your weight loss journey that's what made me lose my weight my food rules no sugar no starchy carbs no bread pretty simple but strict and it's just keeping things very low carb i'm accident prone i would say i've injured myself many times i got a really bad concussion on vacation after my accident i struggled to hold my own head up i went probably six to eight months without a single day without a headache and so all of a sudden i was snacking when i wouldn't normally snack i was seeing myself go more towards food than i had my entire journey i actually gained 30 pounds in january of 2020 i embarked on a new part in my journey which was fitness before my accident i was healthy from the weight loss but i certainly wasn't in good shape and i'm loving it now like it i actually find that i look forward to working out i can do so much more than i ever imagined i'd be able to do she's determined and disciplined those two words go hand in hand i think and the other thing is stacy truly believes it's possible so in the nine months we've trained together she's gone from not being able to really do push-ups at all to being able to do 20 she's gone from being able to not do any burpees to loving doing burpees which which is crazy i currently weigh 151 pounds and at my heaviest i weighed 352.4 pounds which means i'm maintaining at a 200 pound loss i have mixed feelings about my loose skin because i have loose skin that can be pretty easily hidden in clothes but when i'm not in clothes or like when when i'm seeing it fully kind of is what it is it would be nice to get it removed but um until that day comes i will just be happy that i'm healthy and i can do whatever i want because of my weight loss journey and sharing my story with the world essentially i found my passion and that's really for helping others have hope and know that they can do it like i'm just an average person that worked a desk job that lost all this weight because i was determined i named myself a healthy lifestyle coach to me my journey all comes down to healthy habits i am extremely proud of myself lost 220 pounds and like there's no way you can't see that as kind of a big achievement if i can do that i can do anything you

  Top Comments:
  1. @cameron9643 [1 likes]: This is amazing.  People like me need these stories so thank you.
  2. @positivi-tea_T.V [1 likes]: Thank you much for having the courage to do this and share it. You are an inspiration
  3. @charliesgrl2: Sadly, she has gained it all back.
  4. @abteilung8: Incredible transformation, good job, congrats!
  5. @forestcottage7321: Thank you for your story. Congratulations!!
  6. @marylizakowski706: I'm happy you kept your determination up by adhering to a consistent, healthy diet. And I'm glad you found yourself an excellent, qualified fitness coach.
Three cheers for Stacy Blair for her sheer dedication.
  7. @rgrandberry1234: Way to go!!!!! You look amazing!!! Healthy life!!!!! xoxoxo
  8. @angelabroom2861: Why do all these videos put all the emphasis on exercise when no amount of exercise can combat the effects of the food you put in your mouth?
  9. @jungersrules: I want her to be my personal trainer! So proud of her!
  10. @kimbeckner9240: Google home remedies for loose skin and make sure you are as dedicated to that as you were to loosing this weight and you never know.  Our bodies are their own miracle❤
  11. @kcpoodlesofpa: She looks great, very toned. The accident prone-ness is likely add/adhd. Shortage of seratonin- dyspraxia.
  12. @Jennifer_Lewis_Beach_Living: I’m impressed by Stacy’s accomplishments, and I’m even more impressed that her loose skin is minimal.  I give her a lot of credit because although a person can keep their ED in check for a long time, EDs never go away, and they have to be on guard that they don’t slip back.  I’m impressed that she has been in recovery for a long time (except for that small time period where she was injured).
  13. @artbylisi: You're so beautiful!  I am so proud of you and I am so glad I found your channel!
  14. @dominionnwabuokei4368: I humbly appreciate your kind gesture Dr Aluda on YouTube, you are always able to help with any health issues. PCOS and multiple Fibroids was something the world thought it have no cure, but I am happy to say that I got rid of my PCOS and multiple Fibroids after using Dr Aluda supplement and I'm glad to have him as my doctor.
  15. @Alliswellish: What an inspiration 👏
  16. @sandunikarunaratne7172: ❤️
  17. @JCar3.0: Amazing job! You look great.
  18. @mommymaj203: She looks so different!that a big weightlosse
I also discovered a way to help you loose weight step by step
  19. @debigarner8695: So proud of you.... You look Amazing 🤩
  20. @LifeBlifing-51: These stories inspire me so much my journey started a week ago and I have already lost 7plds

- P*RNSTAR’S Secret Truths On Jelousy & Money [ Luther ]: Kind: captions Language: en what it's like actually being the partner of a boss baby lights are on you know the cameras are on you've got as many as like 11 or 14 people in a room and it's a lot of pressure the biggest problem a lot of guys face is accepting their partner sleeping with another guy yeah it takes a certain type of person to sort of break that down and go is it worth it what's going through my head what am I capable of doing today's chat I wanted you know Luther and I to just simply break down how we view it how we understand it how we accept it welcome to the uncensored podcast guys welcome to another episode of the uncensored podcast today I'm joined by Luther he's a good friend of mine and his partner winter who you've seen online we've done an episode with them before about Parenthood inside the industry and another established couple and today I wanted to get Luther on by himself because I wanted us just to have a conversation with you guys around partner of uh you know a boss babe or you know we get a lot of a lot of men have this stigma where we have to be the face the money bringer the this to that and ingestion in our case like that was us in in previous years but right now we are the guys who support the girls to achieve XYZ because inside the industry it's very woman dominant in a successful Manner and a lot of misconceptions out there mate about people that feel uncomfortable accepting their partner doing this you know a lot of misconceptions around the alphaness that has to come into taking ownership of their partner instead of you know supporting their partner in a way so today's chat I wanted you know Luther and I just simply break down how we view it how we understand it how we accept it how we support it what goes through our head the troubles that we've faced and really just breaking it down for you guys so you can sort of feel comfortable uh if it's a decision that you and your partner choose to have and she excels you know the things that you're going to have to face along the way so mate thanks for joining us ah no worries man thanks for having me oh yeah I don't want to waste any last time I want to break down a little bit from you guys we spoke about it when you guys were here as a couple but now it's just you know you and I having a conversation and we're talking to the men out there and if the ladies listen to this it is it is purely for them to pass on the information to their man yeah how did you did you have to go through any personal growth or understanding to feel comfortable with what she does for work or was it a simple I'm an open book easy step in process for you let's break down that um that's a really great question so I suppose in terms of personal growth like it was it was for me it was it was a fairly easy process because I always had that mindset that to find any sort of success I needed to be able to overcome that like you sort of explained before that Alpha that I need to be the breadwinner you know that old Audiology that so many men have held on to for years so for me I sort of broke that down and went I think it's time for me to take a step back because to find that success with it being a female dominated industry I needed to take that step back and just go you know I'm happy for her to be a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know and with a lack of better words so the biggest the biggest problem a lot of guys face is accepting their partner sleeping with another guy yeah it's it's Daddy you go to and we just fine like before I stepped in this world I was that was you all over you go in the way of like I don't want it to happen that kind of thing but then I you know you kind of become accepting of it how how did you feel comfortable when when it was time for her to First sleep with men that weren't you did you go through phases where you're like is he is he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a good am I getting jealous yeah better than I am she comes back and I'm not good enough did you have any of these stories come through your head 100 I think it's I think it's really natural to go through that first of all and I think it takes a certain type of person to sort of break that down and go you know is it worth it what's going through my head what am I capable of doing um and just sort of working through things from there I think that's really really important so um for me it was definitely like a mental game um there was definitely moments where I was like you know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this this is too much you know but now for me I think um I've grown it's grown me as a person and it's actually made me stronger in a lot of sense as well but there is no doubt in my mind that this particularly like the first couple of times it was really like 100 is this guy going to be better than me is she gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go behind my back you know all these things are going through my head and I'm just like I'm sitting there like and no one else could battle that with me either I felt like that was really you know and up until meeting yourself like it was like I was in my own head a lot of the time I think that was the hardest thing I think uh you know having like-minded men around me who could support me who I could talk to about this made it a lot easier for me you know because there aren't there aren't many of us like there's a lot of couples who who create content but for a big part of it it's the guy can shoot with other women yeah but the girl can't and I'm not one to speak or anyone's relationship you do what you want to do I personally think like my personal belief it would be very hypocritical if I'm like Caleb bring other girls in we're always gonna have a threesome but you can never shoot with another guy yeah that's a relationship that I don't personally want to have with Kayla because I think that's very I don't know what the exact word is I'm looking for here but I just don't think I believe in everything being you know equal that goes around comes around type of mentality and I think that's also what allows us and yourself to be so flowing in it you know because there are there probably in my head I can think maybe four or five other couples I've met we're both we'll we'll sleep with other you know the other sex and then I know a lot of couples who it's very much like threesomes only don't and I'm not sure what the reasoning I don't know if it's an ego thing ever to if it's an alpha man thing if it's the the there's a lot of insecurities in the insecurities there and and like you said like what we were talking about before it's like I feel like some men can't handle that mental game in their heads and it takes a certain type of person to be able to overcome that you know what I mean and so many girls in the industry I believe were both spoken to and me even recently I've spoken to a couple of girls and they're just like you know Winter's so lucky to have someone like you who can overcome those things you know and I see relationships too of recent like the last six months you know a few girlfriends get partners and then all of a sudden you know then I'll add a shoot with men and that I feel like they're holding them back from their full potential yeah it's just you know I think it definitely affects the business I think God the businesses will blow up for these couples if they are if they if they weren't diverse it's just a matter of like what's everyone's got their different relationships and how they want to operate but I guess we speak freely and we've been with our partners for a very very long time and have obviously been in this industry diversity for very long time it it'll I always get curious but I guess looking for my glass perspective on that it's just there's a level of that insecurity and she's my property but then at the same time I'm allowed to sleep with other women I don't agree with it but hey like people can do whatever they want you do yeah um for those out there that are wanting to step into this field you know we get a lot of messages and I know you guys do as well of couples that want to dabble their toe in couples that want to like figure out how they can get comfortable doing because it is a foreign thought right if you're in a normal relationship you've worked a normal job your whole life you've never been in this world and all of a sudden it's like hey you want to make a page online do some Instagram then we go and sleep with other people like it's not a general thing that a relationship is is talked about yeah I mean if Kylie came to me 10 years ago she's like let's see other people on camera I mean like like where's my Shark I wasn't like the mindset it was something that we had to sort of morph into how would you what sort of advice I guess would you give to to the couple who listens to this that are open to it but the guy still has the Hang-Ups around the like I can't let her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sleep with someone else yeah yeah what would be my greatest advice that's a that's such a good question um I think I think the whole thing there would be like you know starting small and taking things slow and having a lot of communication and also bridging that gap between talking about it with other men in the industry like girls always talk about like supporting each other you're a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but a lot of the time outside myself and you and maybe a couple other men that I talked to who that you know they allow their Partners to work with other men a lot of the time there's no support network there and I feel like it's really really lacking and I feel like the the yeah that would be my biggest advice would be you know talk to other industry leaders you know see what works for them how do they overcome things you know and what tools do they use to overcome things I would say my biggest one is is having a support network like yourself and normalizing it in a sort of way to help me overcome it yeah so yeah yeah and I think so I guess my advice to you guys would be like you need to understand why you're doing it too like if you're coming in and you're doing it for a pure business then your head needs to understand and this is talking to the fellas I'm just going to be straight with you right your missus is better looking than you yeah she looks better naked than you do the more people want to see her naked than they do when I see you naked and so by you uh not allowing her expansion and this is to the guys that haven't even started yet this is to help you get comfortable with it she is the the she's she's I'm gonna use we'll use the movement if you've seen the new movie air with Jordan right she is the Nike and you get to be the Jordan right so as the guy you can come in and you can obviously add that splice you need but she's the brand and it doesn't matter how hard you want to try unless you appeal to a very you know Niche uh you know like game Market or whatever like that like that's fine but the numbers are still smaller and so I guess if you're here for a business you have to understand like she's the Ferrari you're the driver type of thing whatever analogy you want to use and you're just restricting your income and so I always I I never say anything because it's not my place but we all watch people on social media I guess and you see people and I'm like I wonder why they do that or why they won't collab there and it's like do they really treat this business properly or is this more fun yeah and so it's another thing as a couple you guys have to come in and sure it's fine if I've seen you'll be like hey Lou's like you know you claim with this girl versus this girl yeah that one's way more fun you're allowed to have that aspect of fun with work but at the end of the day you're not going there being like I'm gonna slow no DMS afterwards I want to have like love all this stuff that you guys you know probably overthink there's not a single person yeah how many guys post shoot have messaged winter and been like hey you want to get dinner no no no right not a single guy like it's it's easier if you're a couple and you want to do an only fans you know a collaboration a shoot with another couple than it is to go be a swingers party you do this because now you're entering that's a personal side of things that's when real things come this is so professional that there's not a single guy in between Kayla and winter they've probably shot over like I don't know 150 scenes or something like that spread between maybe 50 60 different collaborative Partners I'm just just a ballpark figure I don't really know I'm just assuming and not a single one of them have have Lutheran ever sit there and be like Oh I'm a bit weary on this guy getting a bit too close because everyone understands the structure of this yeah so what were your personal insecurities what were you what were the things that you had to overcome and I said earlier um yeah I mean the I the first thing that pops to my mind is probably I mean like you sort of said before I know and understand that uh winter is a Ferrari and I'm not even close to that so I think my biggest insecurity would have been you know went to working with these perfect body men right like that one right there like I'm sure for you like it was like you know I I'm not going to name names but there's like um are we allowed to name names no no definitely not so like um like the first time um so winter and I had a discussion around who was going to be that first person that she went and collaborated with personally one-on-one boy girl saying you know and we we structured that conversation around business first and professionality and also obviously appealing to all of our subscribers right so that person that we picked was Dale and I think it was a fantastic pick um you know but straight away I'm like look at this bloke you know he's like six four you know I'm like this small guy I'm like a I'm like a dad bod you know sort of dude like all these insecurities started running through my head I'm like what am I doing what am I doing what am I doing you know so like I think yeah that's like that was that was really difficult for me um so it's probably the body dysmorphia would probably be like my biggest struggle what's yours let's try to answer that because a lot of guys on here are listening to that I've had I've had multiple women uh on this podcast over at the house for a shoot and we'll talk about that physique that they crave and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know about 80 they're like I'm more into the dad bod than I am the the and when I mean Dad but I'm not like hey go eat KFC Let Yourself Go you're yeah yeah just a guy that's just normal in the middle type yeah and these girls are like porn stars big boobs like you're typical yeah what or everyone who listens to this you know we all enjoy watching that type of woman and they're more into the guy that's just normal and I'm like why because I would look at say Baywatch with Zac Efron and I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me yeah this bloke's hot I'm like I'd probably turn like yeah how do I like like I want to look like that and that's the guy competitive spirit and all the girls like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yuck no I'm like what do you mean yeah and this thing comes back and it's like if you date a guy that is so attractive there's a good chance that he's much more into himself in the mirror than he's into the woman and I guess I speak to a lot of single guys who are very attractive and very good body and I have them over at the house I'm having on the podcast I've had and they can't find a girl to save themselves and yet both of us you know we'd be a look I'll be nice we'll be seven on a good day right like seven and like but that's okay right because we're married at the Thames we've shot content we're tens you know like it's it's not but at like our confidence our internal love the internal belief the we don't overthink things that's the term and I meet these guys and they're physically they're they're a 10 in the face in the body but their internal dialogue is like a fool yeah yeah and I'm like isn't that isn't it funny how like you've got the the porn star partner you've got the porns that you've worked with you know porn stars yeah you've collaborated with girls that are a massive amount of the country would pay to have a wank over absolutely but you used to look in the mirror and have this body dysmorphia so yeah it really just comes down to the the brain overcoming yes and again I'm speaking about this because you guys listening whatever you're overthinking that's the block that's preventing you from actually succeeding inside this profession because you can make only fans and you can do XYZ in the adult world and you can make a little bit of cash but if you want to do quite well and create a name for himself like that you know the girls that they've elevated their their social uh stance drastically you know drastically and that's just because I guess of the Comfort they've got and what they want to do so to answer your question I don't I wouldn't say I've got bodies more I'm very conscious on on a certain appeal but I guess I've gone from thick and muscly to fat and lazy to skinny like I've I've traveled the road of all three through steroid abuse and different gyms and you know being lazy and that kind of stuff so I'm confident internally of all of them obviously I would like to look a little bit better I think the biggest thing I had that fails on eBay related to was over overthinking the jealousy aspect right the the comparison the thief of Joy thing so if Kayla was working with someone else all I would be thinking of is he doing this better than me can I do it what if she comes back and she's like oh he did something and you can't do it and what if she wants to do that more we we would just get so caught up into stories yeah and we would just feed on that and go and go and go and I'd be and Dale was the very first collaboration for us as well um you guys have obviously heard the episode I reached out to him and was literally like hey you wanna sleep my wife you know like we just jumped in the deep end that way but yeah I guess our story is a little bit different to yours I'd love to talk about your story because people on here how you guys did it is probably a bit more comfortable um than us like obviously I had The Strokes I was like well I can't sleep with you Kayla you may as well go work with guys so we just jumped straight into a collab you guys just shot with each other for the first what year or yeah so before you brought in yes it was probably like a solid year and you know um the I suppose inside of that too the the people who we started working with it was a comfort zone for us too you know I suppose going back to what we're speaking about and like you said for the listeners listening like it it did make it easier that we're working with people inside a comfort zone and it wasn't until we made those decisions from a business standpoint not me looking at it from a male Alpha worried about is his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going to be 12 inches and mine's whatever and and this and that um you know until we made those steps you know we were stuck in that comfort zone so um but that that covers almost still enough for you guys to get come comfortable yeah on camera correct and taking like because on cameras the lights are on you know the cameras are on you've got you know as many as like 11 or 14 people in a room at once which I've I've done and it's a lot of pressure it's a lot of stress I suppose like you know a lot of men like it's all the time like you know new craters will come in new mail creators and they'll reach out to Winter and you know they'll say something like hey wanna collab and it's like first of all you have absolutely no backing you've got no references you've got no experience and you believe that you can do something but until you're behind a camera with multiple people in the room your dick ain't getting hard like that's a lot of good talk okay it's entertaining there's a big talk the talk but until you walk the walk like you know you and I have got a lot of experience now and we've got incredibly good at our jobs but you know there's a lot of men that talk the talk yeah and that building that comes down to a confidence thing I think yeah like I used to be that wanker if you've followed me on social for long enough you'll know I was the chirpy chirpy talk a big game and you know never backed it up type of guy for a long time and there was nothing wrong with if you are that guy I think it's just is letting go of that if this is something you want to become good at especially because if you're a single guy and you want to come into this Kayla gets I can't even put a number on how many messages she gets yeah you know which would be the exact same yes if you're coming into this because you think it's a way to get like an easy route yeah like it might be for some of the bottom feeder girls that don't care as much that's great but if you want to try and get with the girls that actually have a reputation and name some of the ones that you may have watched like you need to also understand it comes back to that it's the old myth to sum of the five if you want to have a good Network around you you have to be willing to have them want to have you around it's the same in a business if the girls are going to work with you has to be some sort of equal value you've got to bring something back if you don't have a following then you have to be aesthetically pleasing in a sense because the viewers aren't going to buy you know to Humpback whales going at it and sneaking off each other I'm just hey I'm just speaking freely it's the world of entertainment yeah and if it's not entertaining it's not going to sell and so you have to have that business mindset in a sense of if I'm going to do something and I want someone to be a part of it well I've got to cross certain line for them to accept that I'm you know good enough to work with them and again that's going to how you elevate you get good references you get a good reputation you know you show up professionally on your social medias you actually appeal that you're here for the business aspect sure you're allowed to enjoy the sex if you if you work with Kayla or winter and you've been excited for six months you can have your phone and enjoy it it's part of the but you have to have that as the bottom you have to be more focused on well what is this going to produce for me what are the fans going to get out of this has to be priority otherwise you're not going to create anything and if you don't you won't get more work they're not going to work with you again they're not going to give you good references they're saying you can't spread the country and do anything like that so absolutely yeah what would you suggest a a new couple on here you know when I say new couple there are a couple that's established together but I mean a new couple that are like hey babe we need a bit of extra cash or I'm sick of working this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job we don't spend any time with each other like I see these couples on Instagram and they do this and only fans and how do we become like them in a couple of years what do you suggest for them at the very start like right now at the very beginning the first thing you need to do is you need to get a social presence so social media is obviously the biggest platform to start establishing yourself and a lot of people will watch you know if you're following say say if we had a brand new couple they jumped on they're following us obviously when you see couples in the industry or like-minded people or who you feel would you'd work well with you follow each other for a while and you want to look professional you want to you want to be posting stories you want to be active you want to show that you're able to do things like tick tocks and bits and pieces so the first thing you'd want to do is establish yourself on social media and then from there I mean it's just about being professional I mean the biggest problem is is when anyone reaches out to like myself all winter it's hey wanna collab that's not the way way to approach it you need to approach it in a professional manner show that you're on to a business connection and that you'd like to collaborate with each other in a business sense I think that would be the the two main ones there and then I suppose it's about making sure that your your hygiene you know you're getting tests done correctly you're aesthetically pleasing in the right sense and that the other person that you're going to want to work with and collaborate with is someone who fits your page correct not everyone's going to fit your page and there is a lot of unfortunately like we've had people reach out to us and whether they're new uh they've been around a while sometimes they just don't fit in our image and we've had to explain that and it's about explaining that professionally a lot of the time like if you have to say it you know you can often people will say Oh They'll just leave that on unread or my whole thing is is be a professional tell them hey look I really appreciate you reaching out but you know that's not going to work for my page and that's not going to work for my business you know yeah so and that's yeah that's okay like I sit there and like humbly would say there's there's a there's a lot of girls if I was like yo collab they'll be like no you're not my type what am I going to get upset about that like this is you and I've I've rejected you know other girls Carl and I have rejected other people climb with us like yeah at the end of the day like again I'll use the Nike reference if you own Nike uh you have the athletes in mind that you want to Target for a sponsorship you don't just go oh yeah I want to get Michael Jordan oh this bloke just won the canoe you know relay like mate well he wants to be a sponsor too like great high five he did an amazing job but the canoe relay winner whilst he's the best in his field it doesn't suit the brand of Nike no one cares right people want the Air Forces because Mike would like it's the image and you guys have to understand especially for you new couples and this is where I want your head to be more focused if you think more about what we're saying right now in a sense of your brand and your business and the vision that should overpower the insecurities of absolutely the first scene yeah right yeah the first team will just we'll take the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bandages off right now the first time use a bloke let your partner go and sleep with somebody else you're going to overthink it you're going to worry you're going to get jealous it's okay it's natural but guess what you've done you've done it yeah now you can move forward to the next one yeah you get your turn you can do it together it slowly creeps Kayla shot upwards of 40 scenes before I did my first scene with another woman yeah right like so what she she was a professional in the industry the first time I did my scene she flipped out you've heard the episode you're allowed to have the emotions but now we both shoot with people you go shoot with people it doesn't even come to my head no now I watch the guy's dick and I'll be like hey you still want a cool job with Kate like it becomes because am I learning something that's so interested in in how the business works and the brand of what you're creating that you don't care about this like right now all you're thinking about is he's having sex with my girl that's you locking on to one tiny little black dot in a whole circle of beautiful blue ocean yeah you just gotta look around a little more you just lock it onto a little black dot and you're staying in that that negative protector overload Zone and it's okay yeah no one's gonna steal her no one's going to take her to dinner no one's going to swap her emotions at the end of the day she's an item the guy she's shooting with an item you're an item for a particular scene then you get to go back to being people afterwards if that sounds crude but at the end of the day it's just like that's where it is you're a tool she's a tool your collaborative partners are a tool you take advantage you use the tools because you can't build the house without the tool and then you live in the house right like I'm I'm just around these weird random analogies out but it's just how my head Works to write this whole thing easily because we overthink this this small tiny little jealousy egotistical battle that you blokes are fighting and that's preventing God knows what exposure all right ladies and gentlemen we're going to take a quick break and if you're enjoying yourself which I'm sure you are locate that subscribe button because there is plenty more juice coming your way [Music] yeah guys so that's that's just kind of my take on it mate what do you think no no no definitely so I think we should just touch on something too and I suppose that would be a really good question for you and I'd like to answer myself would be how do you know if your relationship as a couple is strong enough to get into this industry I mean like we said we've spoken about it we've said these are the do's these are the don'ts don't be in your head this is how you can overcome it but I suppose how do you even know you can take those first steps to know whether that your relationship is at a point that you can do that it's very good question yeah um and I guess it comes down to yeah you just have to trust the process like it's very like Carla and I we've been together for 16 years so you can look at it as if you're a brand new copy of any other six months is it easier for you or is it easier for me right so it's like there's no right answer because while you're in the first six months okay it's much more exciting you haven't got that locked on She's Mine He's Mine type of mindset so you go and work with other people right uh my but you you but then the flip the negative for you is you guys haven't been together long enough to be like we're still establishing us if we work with other people it might be easy to fall elsewhere flipper to me there's no girl I'm going to work with that I'm just going to up and leave for Kayla because you can't meet someone and all of a sudden it's it overpowers you know 16 years but the negatives that we have to face is well we spent so many years never sharing each other so the second someone else comes along it's just like hmm like it's like that lion you're in the pride you know someone comes along and sniffs you like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was the thing that it was weird to you you know but I guess it comes down to again Kayla and I are very and so if you if you're a couple out there this is a topic I can speak on because I find me 33 year old that's been in a relationship for 16 years right there's not many out there so I feel qualified to talk in a sense of I'm talking real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you're a couple out there that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does fairy tale thing oh we don't have arguments you ain't gonna last I'm just gonna be straight like I'm just talking real I'm talking I've I've watched people on Instagram I've seen people be together for six months and they start relationship courses and like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you really know right so if you want to know the truth from someone that's actually like Carol and I have had massive highs massive lows physically pushed each other around and she's you know I mean like we've just did [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you you face when you're sort of learning who each other is and learning what the relationship is and at the end of the day you just have to have the the same goal and Kayla and I are both very financially driven we both understand that what we were doing we spoke on this was an episode of Carolina recently if you guys have listened to it when we live a certain way and we have the jobs we had in the past and the income we had in the past it's very easy when you grab that and then you put it next to what we have right now it's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] easy to accept it and play the trust game because we have the same out goal you know if Kayla was a I don't care about money I'm all about connection or whatever then I'd be like well that's a little bit sketchy because you're going to be more interested in you know connecting with all your partners yeah right whereas we both view it as we're 33 by the time we're 35 we can have the same money we would have had before we're 55 if we lived in our previous life yeah and we both just stay laser [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] focused on that we understand that we can fast things as you come along the journey now we've learned what to do what not to do how to Fast Track things who you want to meet to obviously Kayla's worked with you know celebrity you know adult film stars and it has the chance to do more over in America later this year along with winter and these things allow us to be so locked onto the end goals at the in between like it just fellas this is just going to slap you in the face here because all you boys listen to this you're overthinking the simple fact everything my mess is getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I'm gonna swing you're focused on that that for us or for me especially is like the minuscule thing of like the whole ordeal of what we do me thinking about her getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by someone else it's the smallest part of my day like it honestly takes up the least amount of space in my head yeah yeah well it's like you're not looking at the big picture right I suppose like that's the big one Hey look it's the same with winter and eyes we're always so driven with business and looking at that aspect and growth and like you said like really really well there we're fast tracking our way to retirement you know what I mean I don't want to be on the pension in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retirement home struggling and giving my kids absolutely nothing to help them get ahead you know we want to Fast Track that we want to enjoy our lives you know and I suppose like you said like having that mindset of like we're driven to the same goal like a pyramid we're heading from the bottom we're working our way up we're going all the way to the tippy top and once we're at the top then we can sit back and relax and go we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made it we're having tequila on the beach we're enjoying holidays we're we're provided for our kids we've made it you know sort of thing you know so the first thing for you guys to cut before you even chat about doing the adult style work maybe I would chat to your partner about what your what your goals are together yeah like and like I okay I've done vision boards Carl and I've done vision boards can't we've got like we've done goal boards you've got you've got a trial and test what works for you guys but if so Kelly and I are both into uh things that money so we're driven by time right and money buys time the only way you can have like time freedom to do what makes you happy because money ain't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right money money everyone knows what money is money controls everything you can't do anything without money anyone who sits there and goes you know money's not like it doesn't matter well they obviously don't have any yeah because without money you have bills you have stress you have emergencies you can't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so whilst I agree with them in a sense of like you should not be focused solely on money money money because that turns you into a Dickie of a person you definitely have the understanding that more of it makes life a lot better than less of it right because if there's like one of our dogs has an emergency you know one of your daughters has an emergency these things happen you can go and take care of it I've seen people in hospitals and people in vets and and family members and people like that bad things happen and they can't react to it that scares me right and so anyone who's steering goes money isn't doesn't buy happiness they don't they've clearly not experienced it because no money and I've been bankrupt causes Mass stress yeah that's not happiness to me but what's important is the time flexibility the time Freedom so if you're a coupling listen to this there's a very good chance you're starting out because you want to create that time flexibility if you live if you were doing everything perfect and it was working you wouldn't be having this conversation at the end of the day you want to have that ability to go for breakfast with your partner go for dinner with your partner go and do what you want when you want and not be restricted to the small time you have together if you're so focused on that fellas the last thing you're thinking about is the 25 minute Deacon like it's not it's not the end of the world that's not what you think either when we first started the adult world and I've spoke on this in a previous episode yeah I did think that every single guy that I ever worked with was young hot ribs giant dick went for like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] two hours straight and just like that was me overthinking this pathetic thing it's not the case boys no so much benefit comes and all you've got to deal with is that little 25 minutes of you overthink in your own head which you'll get used to it doesn't take very long and the feedback you'll get from your partner too like after the first collaboration when I was in my head and I'm thinking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know he's probably got this size deck and he's doing this better than me and I'm I'm inferior this and that like you know I know for me my partner came back and said it's work like it's I went there it's a professional standpoint it's a business opportunity and it's it's about um I've just gone lost for words just then drumroll keep the listeners they're sitting having like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what [Laughter] can you cut that bit I've just got lost for words my brain's just died in the house we don't cut on the uncensor podcast guys you'll get the raw version of that that's what happens right because you're also if you're listening to podcasts you understand this also we're not trained professional speakers up here with dialogue script in front of us we're just telling you what's going on that's what's gonna happen right like it's what what you guys are going to get benefit from if it's based on experience that we've had that's all we're here to talk about so like you just we just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] marked up a few times I wanted to touch on one thing too which I find really really important and I've watched in our friendship a massive amount of growth in that area although it was already there it's grown more when we're talking about uh you know Financial stability and growth obviously with that like you said before and you touched on we have choices and we gain time because we're able to spend time where we want to spend it we get time with our family our friends you know and it gives us that mental Clarity but I think the biggest one too which I find us both look at is the health perspective you and I we're both going to gyms we look after our bodies very very well we invest in our bodies and I feel a lot of the time um you know when you're working a nine to five you come home you kick your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boots off you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired you go straight to you you know you've got kids at home if you're talking to couples out there and you've got a family for any bloke out there I remember when I was a Trader I'm sure you do too you come home and you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuffed so you're not looking at your health and your projection for your health is is deteriorating over time too because you're losing that aspect like wouldn't you agree because you're on camera right so you're kind of forced to understand you're your brand yeah right you and your partner your brand you as an individual are the brand and so it puts you in a position where you prioritize the brand which you should do in any business but fortunately in this world your body is your business your health your business yeah granted you guys have all seen my photos I'm not walking around with a giant six-pack I've been myself being weak I've been fat we're working towards it though but I'm all like I don't you never see me smoke right I drink a little bit here and there I'd never touched a drug like those things become a priority to you guys in a sense of the World's Gonna See You with your shirt off boys and ladies right and so it allows you you want that confidence the confidence comes from you putting a bit of work and a bit of effort in and so again another conversation if you can take anything from what Luther and I have spoken about in this episode it's the thousand things we've spoken about that are more important and should take priority over the one thing that's preventing you guys from actually jumping in and that's the overthought of jealousy in them shooting a scene with someone else if you're a couple you listen to this you reach out to one of us if one of us sleep with your partner guess what we go back to loving ours she goes back to you there's nothing like that's that's the same with everyone you work with guys so fellas and I know there's a shitload if you're out there because I get messages all the time about people that want to start they're nervous they don't know what to do is okay it's work it's structured work at your own speed but everything we've spoken about in all the bigger picture I'll finish with this with this this speech I learned um on a stage about six years ago and I think I might have shot on an episode before but it's a picture you've got this whiteboard and we sit there and I'm like boys anyone who's listening to this what's the negative about you and your partner stepping in and she works with other guys and you're going to go I can dick by the guys maybe get an emotion with another guy maybe he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] better than I am or he sticks better than I am you start thinking all these negatives right picture I'm drawing a tiny little black circle in the top of the Whiteboard of all these little things that you're saying right and then I'm like oh cool let's flip that pretending what's the positives time Freedom Financial Freedom flexibility uh openness and relationship growing together you know Advanced sex life all these positive things right that I've just put all over the Whiteboard and all you're doing it's got your forehead pinned against the black thing right on the corner if you're watching Youtube you'll see my I'm slapping my face if you listen to this you just picture it yourself but your forehead is just pinned on the black dot of the little negatives that you're thinking about and if you just step a little bit back and look at the rest of the board you'll see a shitload of the other stuff if that's where you can shift your trajectory to then that's the life you get to live and you've got to deal with this little bit for the first two or three scenes you might feel uncomfortable then it gets to a point where you don't even give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I I'm at the point now where like I was like I'm going to shoot a scene I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah have fun stay out for longer I'm watching the basketball yeah like he's on it's like that's the point yeah but at the start it was like all right it's been four minutes better check in on that it's been six minutes running over time what's going on okay you listen to us whatever you're about to go through I've done it it's fine it doesn't hurt you're not going to get your ego's okay yeah check it right the man that is in control of his ego in control of his emotions he's the proper man right that there's I know a lot of world strong tough guys I've been on this podcast but they're in control their emotions they're in control of the ego the ones are my woman doesn't work with anyone that's a massive insecurity and I also know people like that and I love them but if you're new to this you have to decide which one you want to be because one carries a load and one is a little easy to deal with it also comes down to what you and your partner want what you and your partner are okay with she might only want to work with women then you're a lucky guy she might only want to work with guys then you have to suck that up or you might just sit in Blackalicious work with both and Dabble at it it's it depends on what you want to do and how you want to do it and the whole Focus just needs to be exactly what Luther was saying earlier the brand has to be the Pinnacle if you focus on the brand there's little negatives and policies going to come with it you're going to have to deal with both you don't just step into this world and it's just like rainbows of gorgeous Megan foxes and Zac Efron's dropping out of the sun oh my God like Charlie they don't exist like it's like it's this is the best you're getting take a good old look ladies this is yeah so we nearly finished this episode and just like you I don't want our time together to come to an end but the good news is it doesn't have to because if you think I'm uncensored here imagine what I get up to on my only fans hit the link below and I will see you in there have fun you're just taking the piss out of it like it's yeah like that's take the piece out of it have fun with it yeah it's okay no I think we've covered just about everything I'm really really happy I I almost want to do a part two of this one I feel like yeah I feel like yeah I feel like getting some feedback from the fans and then coming back you know and I think um one thing that I'd like to live with um Jaco and I are really open books and we are so passionate about this subject you know we talk about it all the time because we share this um you know I think it's important to know that if you're a couple out there and the bike's sitting there going oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm you know I'm on the edge I'm standing around the edge of the cliff I'm thinking about it feel free Reach Out say g'day you know um we're always there to have a chat we we we love supporting other men in the industry so it's important to know that that is there so yeah yeah I'd love to see more couples yeah stepping into this confidently you know what I mean like with the diverse range I mean how many have we got I mean if we're talking about ones that we we know of how many have we got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straight up like there'd be less than five five couples that we know that a couple that both collapse yeah plenty of covers industry but it's it's it's or it's more straight guy right or like we've said before it's it's it's the the male um side is is saying you know girls only correct so in terms of like men that are able to overcome do what we're doing there is few and far between so there is an opportunity there there too you know um and if you do want to only do girls on it like if you're a guy and you're like I just can't let go with another girl yeah a guy but she's okay to bring girls in you can still build a business around absolutely it's just not going to grow as much because the part you're missing is is more important than you she's going to get a bigger following than you she's gonna have more fans than you you need her to work with other people in order to shoot through if you're here to take this business if you're just make a couple Grand here there a bit of chump change bit of weekend money then you can do that but if you if you generally want to turn this into like a six-figure business you want to turn this into a global business or recognize business and then fellas you've got to let your misses go because there's people like like yeah like Luther and I where we would I put us in the middle bracket of of higher people to work with right but then there's a level above us right like Dale and these guys and then the American guys like this is the Pinnacle if you really want to take this as a business then these guys need to shoot scenes with your partner in order for the exposure to go wide and you have to be comfortable with that and I've worked with them I haven't worked with them because you know how to do that Kayla's work with them they're fantastic people I support them you know Kayla should have seen with Johnny Sands you all know this you've always the best dick in the world the premium dick but what it did for our business was so understand this boys don't get caught up in the mental [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] exactly what Luther was saying before folks not the right way yeah so feedback's good if you guys like this any questions come from it you know send Iris a message you know and we'll do a part two and we can even just answer the questions solely from the films I might do a question one only yeah no in a few weeks I really love that and whatever questions come in from guys we'll just answer well we're only speaking of what we know right and maybe a conversation we've had with other guys in the industry we're not speaking on the whole man in a relationship thing only from our experience and who we've spoken to inside the industry so mate where can they find you what are your tags so my Instagram is Lutheran hell underscore um and my only fans is winter and Luther uh at onlyfans.com there you go right you'll find them on Instagram you'll find him you'll find his Tick Tock you find their Twitter you'll find everything you need to find there message him ask him questions do what you want to do guys other than that like subscribe you know what you have to do with this kind of thing get on it until next time peace out

- Sending NUDES: Legal OR Not? 🚫📸  #tips #couple: Kind: captions Language: en I was very fond of sending nude pictures to my boyfriend and he always saved them. After a few months we broke up and he threatened me to expose my images. First of all, taking nudes of yourself or with your partner or friends is legal. Next, after taking them, if you share that photo, that is also legal but their consent is very important because if you send it without consent, there are high chances of problems. Now come on let's be realistic, I know, it is very tempting to send nudes to each other, especially when you are in a relationship and you are sexting, but as a feasible solution, avoid sending nudes. And if you are not able to avoid it, then make sure that you at least crop your face. Lastly, if that is also not possible, then make sure that whoever you are sending it to sees it and delete it immediately. Do not delete it from the gallery, just from the backup folder like 'Recently Deleted', like googleclassroom.com. Please share this video. Because as I said, a lot of teenagers are getting into sexual activity and these videos are very important for them.

- Can You Make Money on OnlyFans Without Showing Your Face?: Kind: captions Language: en If you're wondering whether it's actually possible to make money on on fans without showing your face, the answer is yes. And I will show you exactly how creators are doing 40 50k a month while staying 100% anonymous. Let's go. Hey, I'm Calvin. I help independent creators grow to 10K per month on only fans without agency. And I've worked with plenty of girls who never showed their face. So this video is for all the faceless creators or future creators who want a back without risking their privacy. So, let me start with the most important part. Yes, faceless creators can absolutely make big money. And we have girls in our boot camp doing 40, 50K per month wearing a mask in every single post. So, don't let anyone tell you this is impossible. You just need to know how to deal with objections better. So, here's how. If you're going faceless, lean into a character. For example, cosplay girl, wear anime mask or wigs. Nurse, medical roleplay, surgical mask fits perfectly. Dummy mommy, throw a letter mask. catgirl or fanboy niche, you can wear ears plus mask and the mysterious cells. So, the mask becomes part of the fantasy. Now, instead of fans asking why you're hiding your face, they'll ask where you got the mask. Now, for social media, you can post videos using AI face swamp tools like a cool clean.ai. This let you replace your face with another one. Just upload the clip and swap. It's perfect for Instagram reals and Tik Toks, so you can go viral without even showing your real identity. Make sure the lips and expressions still match otherwise it feels awful. So when it comes to only fans content itself, I always recommend show at least your mouth if you can because facial expressions are everything in chatbased cells. If a guy feels you are reaching out to him, smiling at him, teasing him, he spends more. Even if the top half of your face is covered, the mouth gives life to your character. But if you are still not feeling comfortable, you can film content without your face at all. Just show from the neck down, use over the shoulder shots, crop clicks at eye level, add mystery, it can be a kink. Just understand that cells may take more time. So you need to work harder in DMs, have strong bundles plus scripts, and also double down on your character's personality. So to sum it up, yes, faceless creators can make money. Use roleplay and mask as a character feature. Face bomb tools works great for reals and Tik Tok and also crop creatively but show your mouth if you can. Also focus on a stronger copy and fantasy building in chat. So if you want me to make a full guide on faceless content ideas or show you how to set up a full anonymous only fans brand from scratch, comment down below and I will film it. Don't let fear hold you back. Build a fantasy your way. See you in the next one. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HelenOsagie-s1j [2 likes]: Please I want you to coach me
  2. @philippinespaulregbruceukl7802: Wow 😂
  3. @tina-lw9rr: Ahhh thank u for the help ! So helpful
  4. @msstelladavis5831: Yes
  5. @TheMudkipzGames: take this stupid shit down

- 30 Days to Self Love an Intimate Guide to Self Love Exclusive to Only Fans (This is End Take Away): Kind: captions Language: en hey I I've had a tough week not going to lie it's been it's been interesting um I like I mentioned in all the other posts you know when I do something for 30 days it is invoking new behaviors and um you know I become have more perspective more awareness in changing things up so of course you know things are going to come up and things will be difficult um but as I mentioned to you before I'm grateful for these hard times because I do believe that contrast really reveals what you really want and you can really start making some better smart decisions when you know what you want so as we end these 30 days because I believe 30 days ends tomorrow I want you to really be able to embrace um that you doing something for 30 days like this is actually a big deal and it's not dumb it's not a waste of time it is everything that you can be doing should be doing whatever and um and I really just want to encourage you because you being here on this page there's there's no accident that you're here zero um I do believe in some sort of magic gravity Universe whatever it is there's some sort of mystery that we can't explain mathematics can't explain it um there's no full answer but I believe that there is some sort of Mag magnetic of it all so the fact that you're here no accident and I'm glad that you're here so as we end all of this um I again want to thank you for spending even a moment of time with me um it means so much and I um I want to just talk to you about being able to support me here um I really want to thank you first of all like I think I've told you before I have left a successful business that was making a lot of money in pursuit of finding what I really wanted um money is a cool thing because it helps me be able to do the things I want to do helps me build this platform it helps me take care of um my family it t helps take care of me and honestly it helps me take care of you and so there is zero um there's zero way that I can look at you in the eye and say what you give is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because it's not it means so much to me so the fact that you are still here and you listen and you watch my content it means a lot L um I'm going to go ahead and do a new video so with that said please continue to support this effort this content um help me in my Endeavor I will forever be grateful to you um the other thing that I want to um address is just where I am after the 30 days uhoo it has really embraced me helped me embrace myself even more like I had a deep sense of love for myself before but in doing this with you it created even more vulnerability cuz I think you can can sometimes get to a place where um you can get to a place where you can where you're comfortable and that's what I was doing I was UN I I had gone into this uncomfortable place and was like kind of nervous to go further and what this has allowed me to do is um is level up so the fact that I was able to share in here and do these 30 days with you it means so much to me you have no idea and I hate to be like so serious on here and also I feel like you are Ed some sort of um seriousness in all of this um and we can look at seriousness a little bit as play like I'm just trying to like gear and figure out where I am with you here on this platform um so what this has allowed me to do is I am making bigger steps um to be able to create more content um I am going to be hiring a photographer in um either 2 or 3 months which I'm really looking forward to that um this person is a personal friend of mine and if that one doesn't work out there will be another photographer for sure but it is somebody that I trust and know that they're going to be able to capture you know what I'm really trying to do here um and what am I trying to do here well I think I've explained to some of you guys on U my YouTube channel so if you have not watched that watch my very first YouTube and and um you'll get some of it but I am embracing the Kira who wasn't allowed to you know have a voice was not allowed to have um sexual pleasure was not allowed to be a certain way because she always put herself in a box and for a long time the last 5 years she wouldn't even let anybody open that box um so instead she's opened herself out of that box and that's what we're doing here on only fans is embracing embracing Kira um it's like this this woman who has inner child um you know suppression that has become I've been able to be more free because of it you know so um so I share this with you all because I think of you very highly and I want to bring you along with me for the journey I want you to come okay um so that's really why I want to tell you all of this in ending it is so important for me to talk about uncomfortable things and uh busting myths um because when we talk about it those things no longer can hold us down so that's why I've chosen the last couple days to like kind of really do a lot of these mythbusting things and um uh I hope that you enjoy it I mean I've I'm getting really good response on that that you are enjoying that um so good good yay exciting um so yes stick with me on only fans um I will be creating still um it's just uh you know the first couple weeks of uh the 30 days I was able to do a lot more because now I'm kind of expanding where I'm going to be so I will definitely be sharing on here there are some things I obviously cannot share that they don't want me to share that you're going to have to also follow me on Instagram for too so want to make sure you're aware of that

- How To Start An OnlyFans Without Showing Your Face: Kind: captions Language: en hey girls welcome back to the Savage cam girls channel in this video I am going to be sharing my top five tips for starting an only fans Channel without showing your face [Music] a lot of girls are scared to start their channels because they don't want people that they know or people that they work with to find their Channel I actually started my face was only Spanish Channel a few years back and I've learned a lot since I started so I just wanted to share my best tips with you guys let's just go ahead and get right into the tips tip one the first thing that I would recommend is to choose a stage name obviously if you're going to be anonymous you don't want to be using your own name so you want to pick a stage name that's kind of realistic kind of cute but that prevents your subscribers from being able to know who you actually are the second tip that I have and this tip kind of goes along with tip number one is to create a character for your only fans account you need to decide things like how old is your character how educated is your character where does your character live is it in the U.S is it somewhere else think kind of about who you want to be who you want to show up as on only fans and who you want your target market to be so what audience are you creating content for if you're making content for example for submissive men then you probably don't want your character to be a submissive woman because that's not going to work so well um but if you want your target market to be submissive men then you might want to lean into like the dominatrix or Finn Dom niches I'll be posting a video here with a bunch of Niche content ideas on this channel so look out for that but essentially you want to pick your Niche so once you have your stage name and once you decide who your only fans character is going to be and who you're marketing to my third tip is to get creative with your content so the biggest challenge that the faceless creators that I work with have and also the biggest challenge that I had as a faceless Creator was feeling like I was making the same exact content over and over and over your subscribers are going to get bored if you keep posting the same picture of your butt from the exact same angle every other day they're gonna be like well why am I subscribed to this when I could see this for free anywhere else on the internet so you want to make your content unique with the niche that I just talked about but you also want to try to switch up your content and since you can't show your face a really good way to switch up your content and get creative is to use like ambient lighting I have my own like color changing lamp in my room so I'll switch the colors when I make different content and that'll kind of help it feel more interesting you can also use filters on your videos that kind of you know alter your face a little bit you can switch up the Angles and the locations that you film so sometimes you might want to film in your bathroom in the bathtub sometimes you might want to film in your living room bedroom um the more variation you have when it comes to your content the more interesting it will be so make sure that you're getting creative and making as much different types of content as you can the last tip for creating a successful faceless only fans account is to be consistent consistency is going to make a difference between whether you make money and you don't on only fans it's very simple because if you post a bunch of content and then you fall off the face of the planet your subscribers that are already subscribed are not going to re-subscribe they're not going to pay again for nothing and then this new subscribers that you have are going to see that oh this girl hasn't posted for two weeks what am I subscribed here for I'm gonna go to someone who is consistent you can have the exact same content on one page and on another page and if this page is posting every other day and this page is posting once a week this page is not going to be successful this page is going to be successful because they are consistent even if their quality is worse so don't overthink your content don't overthink the quality of your content when you're just starting but be consistent and a bonus Pro tip for consistency is to plan out your content ahead of time and that's create your content I post every day on my page but I don't go on my page every day I post every day on my page because I make a bunch of content in advance I schedule it only fans as a scheduling feature um there you can find a tutorial for how to schedule your posts on only fans on my only fans in that link that I talked about but you want to schedule your post ahead of time so that way you're posting every day and you don't have to think about it you're more likely to be successful that way and when it comes to planning your content if you don't know what to make you don't know where to start or you find that your subscribers are bored of the content that you're making I have a six month content calendar that I will link below as a digital download so when you download it and you'll get it immediately and you'll have six months worth of content ideas caption and I even have a bunch of ppz which is Pay-per-view messages ideas in that six month calendar as well so if you want that that will also be linked below I know that if you follow all of these tips that you will definitely be successful as a no-face only fans Creator I hope you found these tips helpful um if you are no face only fans Creator and you have any tips that you think that I left out then leave them in the comments below and don't forget if you want to chat with me one on one I will chat with you my email is savagecamgirls gmail.com you can click the link in the bio to find all of those great resources I hope this video helps you on your journey to the bag bye girl thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bianca-j6g [37 likes]: I need extra money but im very aware that once my “cat” is on the internet that eventually will come and bite me on the butt. So I’m really looking into going no face creator. Watching all ur videos and taking notes… Do you change your voice on OF? If so what app do you use
  2. @Feetthrills [7 likes]: I just got approved on OF a few days ago and I’m an absolute newbie as well as a no-face creator so your videos are immensely valuable. Thank you ❤
  3. @emilyacosta2211 [6 likes]: Bro OF keeps not approving me I don’t understand It
  4. @Dhari2003 [5 likes]: I'm from asia, can i still do this? I heard that it's only available in some countries. Please reply, i have big financial problems 😢
  5. @annavaljakka [5 likes]: So you only post faceless photos? Or you edit your face so it's unrecognizable, or wear a mask or sth?
  6. @lv4230 [4 likes]: Do you edot your voice including in this video or is this your reap voice? Juat curious about how to approach all platforms
  7. @thecanadianfishfinder60 [4 likes]: Choose the right times to post 😂😂it’s just about as important
  8. @chiarapavone780 [4 likes]: If i connect my real IG page to my OF when doing the verification process, will it show up to the pubblic?
  9. @ByLuisaMoonBr [3 likes]: Did you charge from the beginning or did you start out as a free account? and if it was free first, when did you start charging? and did you tell your fans before tue change? Thanks
  10. @charlyqueenlatina [3 likes]: So what photos do you use for your profile pix on 
 your OFs account as a no gave creator. Also any social media accounts i make are linked to my current accounts how do i avoid that? And what should i post on those anonymous soical media accounts to promote my OF?
  11. @AlexBeenSmoking [2 likes]: Anyone need a male creator🤔
  12. @EbonieJanae [2 likes]: Hi I just purchased two items from your Etsy but accidentally used the wrong email address is there any way you can assist to resend the items to my correct email?
  13. @MissAniyaD [2 likes]: Hey …how do you receive money anonymously on other social media platforms besides OF
  14. @LilaAlejandra_ [2 likes]: Do you have instagram or tik tok?
  15. @kkshdis: How many times it take you to gain money
  16. @DAlcocer1964: Ty
  17. @MystifyingMinx: ❤
  18. @arielcheeks77: I signed up with your link 🤗 I'm still building so haven't advertised yet lol. Still learning & researching ❤
  19. @danni_june_: This is great advice! Thank you so much! 🤗
  20. @danni_june_: Hi ☺️

- Monthly OnlyFans Content Ideas for Adult Creators | Marketing Strategy & Content Calendar Planning: Kind: captions Language: en posting last minute, missing deadlines, burnout. If you're waking up every day wondering what the should I post today, you don't need more motivation. You need a content calendar that works for your business. Imagine knowing exactly what you're going to post and when you're going to post it, and how it ties directly to the money that you make. No more chaos, no more guessing, just content that keeps fans engaged and the cash flowing. That is what we're going to build today, step by step. So, here's the truth. Creativity thrives with a little structure, but most adult creators post out of survival mode. You film when you feel hot. You post when you're panicking, and then the burnout ensues. At least, that's my personal experience that I have found myself in many times when I didn't attach with a plan in place. A content calendar doesn't kill your creativity. It just amplifies it. You're going to film less and earn more and still have time and energy for your real life. It also makes your content just better. It's more timely and more intentional. Now, there are many ways to kind of attack a content calendar, and there's no single right way of doing this, so take it with a grain of salt. But I'm going to share how I personally tackle mine. And the first thing I do is that I zoom out and I look at the entire month that I'm planning for. When this video comes out, it's going to be July sometime. So, we're going to plan the month of August. PS. If you didn't capitalize on the 4th of July or make content around the 4th of July, that's because you didn't plan for it in time because you probably didn't have a content calendar. So, at the moment, I am currently filming around five videos a week personally, and I'm publishing one video a week on Mondays. So, currently across all my platforms, only four videos come out that are new per month, but I'm working on creating a massive backlog. So, the way I'm approaching this won't apply perfectly to you, but the principles and the concepts are the same. This is just the most extreme version of a content calendar you'll probably ever see. You don't need to go this hard on yours, and I want to make sure I make that disclaimer. But knowing that I want to film five videos a week, and looking at my calendar for August, I can see that there's exactly four weeks in August. So 4 weeks times five videos a week for me specifically that is going to be 20 videos that I'm going to plan to film for. Again, the average creator usually films and releases like one video a week. So if that's you, your formula would look like 4 weeks in August times one video a week. You need four videos to plan for. Make sense? That's the formula. So now I like to conceptualize and plan my videos on a sauna because that's where I centralize just all of my tasks. But the way I would suggest you do this just as easily and for free is using a Google calendar for this specific layout to get the calendar built out. It's going to make no difference. But whatever format works for you, that's what you should be doing. Sustainability is key here. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go over to GPTs.ai and I'm going to ask it to give me 25 content ideas for the month of August. I'm also going to ask it to consider Instagram holidays that might be happening in August or pull any like themes that are relevant to August in general. Perfect. Now, these GPTs ideas it gave me are awesome. I'm going to take them into GPT's canvas feature and then I'm going to edit them down to 20 ideas, reduce from 25, and then I'm going to edit anything else that might make sense. Now that I have all of my ideas, I'm going to add them to my content calendar on the dates that I want them published. You can put them on your calendar on the dates that you want to film them or the dates you want to publish them or the dates you want to post them. It really just depends on how your brain kind of works and how you personally want to organize your adult business. But for me, the dates there on the calendar is the dates they'll be live and available for publish. Now, the next thing I do is that I will use GPTs to build out the scripts for the videos I'm going to be filming. And then I will add that script into the calendar details or the description on that video. This way when it's time to film, I have everything I need right there within my calendar. And I can even show you kind of what this looks like. And then I would just repeat this process for every explicit video that I plan to film that's on my content calendar. Some other things that I tend to put in the calendar description aside from the video script is like a locked PPV caption that I'll use when I'm selling this video to fans and DMs or I'll include the scene tags or the SEO optimized title for the video and video description. So when it's time to put it up in Eclipse Store after I've used it on OAF or my fancy platforms, everything I need is right there. And the great part about having this in calendar format is that you can change the date on it depending where in your workflow this falls. So let me explain this cuz it's kind of confusing. For example, the first time say this shows up on your calendar can be the day that you're meant to film it. Then when that date comes and you filmed it, you can edit the calendar date, let's say a week later for when you're going to publish this content. So you get a reminder, hey, publish this content. And you can change the calendar name from film XV video to publish Xv video. And then you can take this even a step further and you can repeat that once the publishing date comes up. You can change the date and the title of the event to post to clip store and put that a week later. So now you have this cascade and this reminder of calendar events to help you through your publishing of your content. And this can evolve and kind of accommodate your workflow, whatever that looks like. Now, one last pro tip is something that you may want to include or just plan for inside your calendar description as well, where you keep all of these like video details, is a simple shot list that's going to remind you all of the additional things you should shoot along with your explicit video when you're filming. So, for example, this would look like maybe obviously the one paid explicit video for your fan site, but also a teaser or trailer clip. It might include shooting two photo sets, a safe for work and a not safe for work photo set. It might include a quick audio message where you describe your video in detail. This could be great in DMs for upselling. And then maybe a behind-the-scenes reel that you can use for social media to help you promote this video. Ultimately, this isn't about perfection. It's about predictability. So, even if you fall off your schedule, you have a plan to get back on it. So, if this video helped you and helped give your content strategy just a little structure, go ahead and click the thumbs up and like it, subscribe to the channel, and of course, turn on that notification bell. I drop new creator content like this every single week. But again, your first step is to go to gpts.ai, sign up. It's free at its most basic level, and it will change the way you run your adult business. So you can use it for all of these video details, the titles, the descriptions. Let GPTs be your overworked and underpaid assistant because we both know you need one. Now you can get organized and get on track and then Jesus, just get on camera. Happy filming, CEO Squad. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @belreita [2 likes]: oh my GOD this is the most genius information ive ever received. thank you for laying it out so plainly. this is absolutely 10000% me lol, my issue is just needing a calendar so i can thrive and be proactive!!!! incredible thank you!!!!
  2. @SWCEO [1 likes]: Do you already use a content calendar or are you still winging it? I’m curious where you’re at. Be honest!
  3. @blakelyvids [1 likes]: You are a lifesaver, Mel! Seriously. I have been “survival posting” for months due to extreme burnout and you kind of made that click for me in this video. I feel like I knew, but needed a pro to say it out loud. 

Thank you so much for all you’re doing!!
  4. @dividedconquered3784: Thank you ❤. Your beautiful. @trapqueen505. 🖤👠
  5. @dav1d_andrew: My friend wants my help with content creation and planning. This is a great strategy that I think will support her mood and energy levels.
  6. @Maggiemayhem420: Thanks Mel and Co. Good info😅
  7. @Dj510rich: Glad i found your content i wanna get some girls a fanbase in doing this in hopes to make each other decent side money your tips are helpful
  8. @Goddess_Lilith: Laying down GOSPEL 😍🙌🏼
  9. @meowthankyou: what is the difference between chatgpt and gptease ai?
  10. @LanBui: Loving your videos
  11. @ShatauBlackGirl: Perfect timing ❤

- How to Build a Brand as an Adult Creator | OnlyFans Tips to Make More Money in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en no one knows the importance of brand until they realize brand is what allows you to charge a premium price point for anything that you do pricing low is not the way to make money in the adult industry in fact the real way to make money in the adult industry is by having a distinguished brand that sets you apart today's video we're talking all about branding an adults let's get into it building a brand is good for many reasons the first of which is that you can charge more if your brand is established and means something to your fan base or audience the second of which is that it builds trust when someone sees my name Melrose Michaels they know they can give their credit card and they're going to get what they purchased from me because I've established trust with my audience and with my fan base this is the kind of thing and these are the kind of components that make Brands so important which leads me to the question how do you brand yourself as an adult creator the first step of this is really understanding the brand you want to build you want to know what things you want to associate your brand with brand isn't so much what you say to a bunch of people it's really what you associate with so you want to associate your brand with the things you want it to be remembered for and you want to distance or disassociate yourself from anything you don't want your brand to be remembered or associated with a great way to start an exercise around brand is to think of color words terms all the things you would want associated with your brand is it playful is it bold is it sarcastic is it funny is it witty you can also Define your Brand's values is your brand really empowering is it very creative content with these kind of brand values might look like discovering myself alone in my room empowering or it might look like a cosplay or really extreme set design or cinematography creative this is how you associate these things with your brand now before we move on because I really want you to understand the brand that you're building let's do a quick exercise after you've listed everything you want your brand to be associated with I want you to create a one sentence statement that communicates that effectively so for example you might want to be the go-to fantasy for your fans but you want to incorporate your actual branding into it so for me in my specific brand from Melrose Michaels that might look like being the redhe head girl next door go-to fantasy for all of my fans that implies that I'm the redhead I am the country girl and I am the Girl Next Door these are the things I want associated with my brand now next I want you to really think about your target audience your target audience is who you want to communicate that message to and attract them to your brand and attract them as consumers of adult content because you want to be branded as an adult Creator this kind of gets our feet wet into niches and how to discover your Niche and build it out and I do a whole exclusive video inside CEO Society our private free adult Creator community on how to discover and build out your Niche so if that interests you the link to CEOs society. app is listed in the description below that video will help you discover and break down your Niche and really dial it in however part of that video goes into this topic that I'm talking about now which is knowing and discovering your target audience you want to think about all the things your ideal consumer of your content would be into for me with the Melrose Michael brand they probably like country girls they probably live in the country they probably like Farm life and animals they probably are really outdoorsy they might hunt or shoot guns for example they definitely like redheads and they really like that girl Nextdoor aesthetic and Vibe so knowing all of that where would I find those fans how do I build out that consumer profile in that target audience well if I know they like those things then I need to be in those places where they're likely to be so they're probably in country locations so I should Target locations that aren't cities like Chicago and New York or La they probably spend time doing outdoorsy things so maybe I'll incorporate hashtags or keywords that relate to the outdoors or the things they might be doing or I'll go searching in those keywords and tags to find fans to follow and DM because they're going to like my kind of content but I can Target them in that way if I think intentionally about how to Target those fans by building up their consumer profile you want to Target the audience you're trying to attract this doesn't happen on accident this happens on purpose guys now you're going to also want to consider creating a visual identity to your adult brand what colors are they going to see what presets on all of your Instagram pictures are you going to use that create continuity across everything you post online what kind of intros or outros to your exclusive videos might they expect maybe you always start your video a certain way and that's very significant or specific to the brand that you've built maybe you say a certain thing in all of your content that relates to your brand maybe you use a certain symbol or element that's physically in your content like a neon sign in the background or something to that effect maybe you never wear lingerie maybe you always wear lingerie these are the things that are going to make your adult brand significant and specific to you now all of those things are going to play into your visual identity but the next thing you want to consider for your brand is your content strategy so your brand needs to be something people can relate to can count on and can expect brand is really useful because when someone sees it from afar they know it immediately that is the power of brand so when you see a Nike ad for example you know it because it'll say just do it it'll be some athletic aesthetic or component to the video or commercial or ad that you're watching and it'll have a a certain Vibe and it'll be communicating a certain message this is what you want your content to do on social and in the explicit realm on your adult platforms think about what you want to communicate to that target audience think about the visual identity that goes into all of the content across all of your platforms what does it look like what does it feel like what is the mood what is the tone what kind of music might play in the background all of these things should trigger someone to remember your brand I use the same kind of intro music in all of my teasers I think of this the same way that I think of Netflix or Hulu when they have that tone at the beginning when you turn on the app when you open up Netflix it goes boom bo and everyone knows it I have the same teaser music in my trailer videos cuz I want it to be recognizable and it's not copyright and I don't want to pay for a bunch of non-copyright music but this is something that now gets very associated with my brand and you can do the same thing now when you're developing that content strategy for your brand you should be bringing in these same elements the fonts that are the same the color and visual elements the way you filter or apply Color presets to your photos or to your videos whether that's explicit or whether that's safe and work a nature but your content strategy needs to bring in those visual elements to all of the content you create and you're going to leverage that content strategy for this next part which is going to be building your social media presence so that you are an easily recognizable brand that means that you want the same fonts colors visual identity on your social media profiles as well as any explicit content like we mentioned this is something that's going to take time to do but you want to communicate these messages visually audibly and in text all over social media so your social media profile picture should have the same colors that you're using everywhere else your social media bios should have the same text and the same messaging you're trying to communicate to your fans and to your target audience now when you do content and create social content you should be creating social content that is going to land in places that your target audience will exist and be seen this is how you're going to get that exposure and Leverage The Power of brand now once you've done all of that and you've gone through this branding process and you've worked through this exercise you can begin making these micro changes to build your brand and establish your brand if you don't have a brand identity already you don't necessarily need to start by doing everything at once that's so overwhelming and also a waste of time you don't want your initial branding or your Rebrand if that's something that you're doing to totally take over all of the actual workload you have as an adult Creator you still need to be creating explicit content you still need to be posting it you still need to be dming fans you still need to be doing the work that you do as a Creator but you can start to make these little tiny changes to Brand yourself online throughout that process so maybe it starts with picking your profile picture and this profile picture is going to include your face if you are not a faceless Creator given and with that picture of your face you want to use a filter or adjust your coloring that's going to highlight the color and visual identity of your brand and then you're going to want to take that profile image and you're going to want to put it across all of your socials and all of those images for your profile should be the same so on your Twitter your Instagram your Tik Tok your what have you all of those profile images should be the same one this is going to be how you start to become very recognizable in your adult Creator brand so that is one small step you can start taking right now while not overwhelming your typical workload as a Creator then the next part make sure all of your bios on social match make sure they all say the same thing and make sure they communicating a specific message that you want communicated to your target audience or Target end user you want to make sure you're talking to the people that you want to attract so many creators are not actually doing that so begin making these small changes in building out your brand or rebranding yourself while you're going through your typical Creator workload and workflows once you've done that and you've established yourself you're well on your way and then you can come back to this video and you can make incremental changes until you feel really good about the brand that you've built as an adult cre now if you're still struggling with how to build your brand or what elements you should consider or want to work through more questions go to gpt's Ai and ask gpts to help you formulate your adult brand it is so good at this you can ask it to give you questions to help you identify the brand that you should build and it's going to give you these clarifying questions to help you get some clarity in that head of yours sometimes when we're so creative as people we tend to not do these very structured rigid tasks or go through these processes gpts can help you with that it's not just your creative tool but it's also a tool you can use in your adult business in so many ways so if you're interested in that you can click the link down in our bio for gpts and leverage that for your creator business so that you can work smarter and not harder thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinamartini [5 likes]: This is so good. I’m just starting out and I will watch all your vids!
  2. @GabiRiley111 [4 likes]: You have been the most helpful advice YouTuber on this topic that I’ve watched and I have a feeling that it’s going to make such a difference since I’m watching this in the beginning of my journey
  3. @ShatauBlackGirl [2 likes]: I couldn’t click fast enough like you really reading me downnnnnn with the thumbnail caption ❤❤❤ appreciate this
  4. @LushPeachHaven [1 likes]: I am so confused . I created an OF . Now how do i upload my content ? I only see options to make a post .
  5. @luckycharms212: Oh honey you’re a genius 🤏🏾🤏🏾🤏🏾 . Thank you.
  6. @whynotana44: I loved this... thank you...
  7. @scottbeautyworld: I had to move from cornhub to xham
  8. @Vtipnevidea-h3z: Hi. I need help with a new post, it doesn't show me the price, I don't know where to set it.
  9. @chloe7158: So intelligent
  10. @Shelbabes: Curious if you put your instagram link in your Reddit or twitter linktree etc? I’ve heard mixed reviews about having multiple social links or just a spicy link? Thanks 🖤 love your videos!!
  11. @Pacific-Wonderland: Why do you keep looking beside you? What a weird video. You're trying way too hard lady 😂

- How to run your OnlyFans page in 2025 (Proven Method): Kind: captions Language: en so for the whole of 2024 I've been managing of creators accounts and testing out different strategies when it comes to chatting sales marketing anything you can think of when it comes to managing an off Creator I have literally done it and in this video I'm going to reveal the strategy that I have built over the last 365 days on how to make the most money in 2025 as an O Creator or as an O agency owner so let's start with the O page itself and don't be skipping this p thinking I know about the off page because I'm going to be revealing the source and I'm not talking about the actual page where you know we're already in there I'm talking about your Creator's landing page the place where followers end up when they click your Creator's off link so your creators been out there they've been grafting creating viral content doing what they need to do funneling all this traffic into the off page into the funnel and the follower lands right here the reason why this is so important and I'm going to talk about it quite a bit is because we've onboarded mod this year that have been making 50 to 150k per month and their OS landing page has looked shocking which is surprising and as soon as we changed it up and optimized it with these four things I'm going to talk about now we saw the influx of fans crossing over from followers to fans absolutely Skyrocket so the four things that make up the of page importance is these four things and I'm going to start with DP the display p picture the circle picture on your off creators account and why it's so important so whatever Niche or really good asset your model as I.E big boobs long legs petite big bum cosplay gaming whatever it is your DP the models DP needs to reflect that so if they're making content on gaming on social media and they building a big following up of Gamers when they come over to the link they want to see gaming content on the display pictures oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she's going have some gaming stuff on here or they've got cosplay again or they like her big boobs again they want to see it so make sure that the display picture shows the asset or the niche and it's nice and hot nice and bright it's popping and it looks attractive and it's like good quality maybe even F like like actual camera quality same thing for the header picture now obviously the header picture is long and thin like a YouTube Banner so the best thing that we've had is use canva find out the exact measurements I'm not sure what the actual dimensions are and the most successful thing we found is using canva to probably take four or five images of your model remove the background drop them onto the header and put a nice s Saucy backdrop behind it and I'll pop an example on screen like now so you can see it that's kind of what vibe we've had a lot of success with and that's you know it's slowly built up throughout this year and we know that going into 2025 is going to look good especially for the gamify and the cosplay type fans the bright popping colors look really good so let's talk about the bio probably the most important part because the bio is the only place where you can use the power of the pen or the keyboard to convince fans that they need to see your models page and you can get a good copywriter for this or you can use chat GPT if you been super desperate but I wouldn't because you'll sound like a robot so try and be authentic but your bio needs to have these two or three things it needs to have a bold statement at the top and it can be self-proclaimed it doesn't have to be a fact I.E the best Square in the UK the deepest throat in La the tightest in Manchester whatever it says it should have a nice bold statement and some good emojis next to it underneath that it should have a list of things that the fan can see when they come into the page I.E boy girl outdoor content maybe not that because it's not allowed anymore um byebye girl squirting but one thing to remember is do not lie about what you're doing on that page because if your model doesn't actually do it you're just going to get reported you're probably going to get an written thing on I don't know some sort of thread or whatever you're going to get some bad publicity which is I know it's some people say bad publicity is good publicity but no it's not because people just say that you paid your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then people don't want to come to it so the bio and the third thing is it's optional but a lot of people like to have like a copyright note it's like don't use this it's my content doesn't really matter because if people want to use it they'll just do it and then it's up to you to use dmca to get it taken down and then the final thing is the price point little bit important so depending on what content your model makes if they let's say you find an influencer who's got a million followers and they're like oh I'll do only fans but I only want to post like bikini stuff or the like underwear stuff like I post on IG and you go all right yeah we'll try it and then you'll try to charge $39 and people subscribe and they're just going to kick off get you reported and it's not going to look good the same thing applies for if you find a star who's already got online which is pretty tough you also can't be having a super high price because people are just going to like I can see it for free but also don't have it too low because then if you have it too low and then you've got to put on the wall you're just not going to be able to sell content so be smart with the price point another little tip is if you set the price point a little bit higher you can always keep a discount on 24/7 vary it between like 10 20 30 40 whatever it is keep changing the discounts it gives people that perceived effect of oh my God I'm getting a discount and the reason why this is so important is because it's the last place the last bit of friction on turning a follower into a fan and obviously only fans subscribe out of impulse or curiosity and this is how you cause curiosity and this is how you get them to impulse buy and once they're in there then it's your job to keep them in there and how you do that is wall posts now I'm not going to talk about this too much because it is pretty self-explanatory and we are going to get to the real Source in a minute on how to actually make money but I just want to talk about wall post for a little bit so how many times you post is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] irrelevant the only reason it's relevant is because when people are paying a price to come and see the wall post even if they don't buy content they still want a bit of entertainment they want to see value for money we've had creators come in there and say oh I'm used to posting like between five and 10 times a day because I want to stay on the algorithm and obviously fans subscribe to loads of different creators so I want to keep posting stay fresh on that n it doesn't work like that the algorithm on in on only fans is very similar to Instagram it's all on quality and how the algorithm picks up quality is how many people engage with that and people are only going to engage with your posts if they're engageable if they warrant a comment or a like or anything else if you're posting 10 sh pictures on your creators wall and it's like the same picture in the same outfit same place but different pose people are just going to get Bor and be like oh my God I've seen this picture so many times today she's so annoying they're not going to like it they're not going to comment the algorithm won't push it if your creators pumping out high quality pictures teasing um out like outlandish like really goodlooking content and fans are like Blown Away by it and they're going to be commenting oh my God this is so good oh my God I love it enter oh my God so good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love that love you and literally repeat in the comments the algorithm just going to go whoa let's get this up there and it's going to show you to more of your fans which if your posts are good enough and if your chatting is good enough anyway your fans should be on you 24/7 so I won't bore you too much about wall posts but something important to note about that is obviously giving the subscribers value to keep them resubscribing that's super important to keeping that you know subscription Revenue coming in but also off the back of that you can use like up up and cominging content you filmed Customs that you might want to like romote um if you've done collabs if you've got like a video coming out the weekend if you sending a ppv out you can always just show people this on your wall and it keeps people interested it might spark a conversation so we would usually use wall post to say just film this amazing video can't wait to drop it on the weekend and then again a couple of days later and people like oh suspens is building it's kind of like a cinema release and that's why we use wallus we also use them to try and Spark conversation because obviously as an agency we have sales people sat chatting on accounts and it's not always that easy to get conversation started unless you're sending out conversation starters as a mass message but an easier way is just putting out a good wall post that warrants a response like um somebody give me something exciting to do today and people like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come and see me whatever to say but that's why we use wall posts now I'm not going to go deep into it like I've said but what I am going to bring you on to is scheduling content now remember I am talking to of creators and agencies both be listening cuz we are getting sorcer as we go along so scheduled I'm not going to try and Spell scheduled scheduled content now wall posts and ppvs can be scheduled I'm going to talk about my strategy what we do as an agency and what creators can do so as a Creator the last thing that you want to do is be having to open only fans up every single day and put a post on and then chat to people and then shut it down again then go and take a picture come back on upload it again the schedule tool is there to help you be consistent and give you a bit of time back so you can focus on marketing content whatever else you need to do you should be scheduling your content maybe it's a week's worth maybe it's a month's worth whatever you want to do just schedule your wall post now it does make it a little bit tricky depending on how much content you have in the bank for scheduling ahead because like I've said with the wall post if you're using it to sort of promote a new video and let's say you film one tomorrow then you're going to have to jump on the schedule liting for it in a couple weeks but then put a couple of wall PS out before it so being super organized when it comes to scheduling content now we have tested so many different strategies this is more for agencies if you're a Creator still listening we have tested so many different scheduling content strategies this year it's probably taken as six or seven different ones and I'll talk to you a little bit about them for in case you are using the old strategies that are not working and I'll tell you the killer way to do it so we've tried one per day every single day giving a little free preview and also putting pictures in there as a bundle putting a wall post on to promote it putting it out as volume testing out at different price points depending on the subscribers and it gets okay success we've also tried one amazing ppv on a weekend promoting it throughout the week in DMS and wall posts and charging a higher price and building that suspense and seeing how that goes we've also had the healthy balance of one big wall post build up to it promote it in the message and wall posts and also schedule a couple of old DMS for the low hanging through the low Spenders throughout the week now that final one I just told you is the one that we have the most success with if you're a Creator or an HC owner this is what you should be testing out in 2025 you should be getting one killer ppv filmed 10 to 15 minutes long something you can charge a high price for something like explicit some whatever your model's limits are that should be going out on a weekend Saturday or Sunday that's because most subscribers are either drunk bored horny lonely whatever it is on a weekend it really gets to them they don't mind spending extra cash so schedule that in for the weekend make sure you have like a little 10-sec free preview make sure you put a couple of pitch in there to add some perceived value and on a Monday Wednesday and Friday you put in wall posts on giving a bit of an insight to oh I just filmed this don't know whether to post it or not okay I'm posting it tomorrow boom it goes out and also throughout that week send out old content in the same sort of manner where you're giving a free preview you're putting a little post on you're talking about it DMS and that's all your scheduled content taken care of now if you're a Creator off the back of that you should know when your content is coming out and you should also be chatting to fans maybe making some customs building relationships trying to get a GFE Tipper online boyfriend whatever it is knowing that the schedule content is taken care of because you're still going to make good money and the reason why we found this effective is because there is low medium and high Spenders and whales now these low Spenders yes they're going to pay that price and see the wall post but sometimes every now and then they have going to spend a fer or a 10er buying the extra content now there's going to be mid Spenders spending maybe 15 to 25 and then obviously 25 to like 50 and then your whale spending Next Level cash what you need to have your mindset of because a lot of creators don't have this is if you film one 10-minute video and you send it to all fans and go it's worth about 100 quid and 5% of your fans buy it and you make 500 quid 10 like a grand whatever if you were to send The Big Spenders that for $100 and then the medium Spenders that for $50 and the low Spenders that for $10 to $20 you're going to make way more sales way more money and none of these fans are going to know exactly how much each person paid for it so to them it doesn't really matter but to you you're going to be making more money so when you're scheduling your content that is the smart way to do it create some lists promote it on the wall posts be smart about your schedule and make sure you make the most of scheduling this kind of content also scheduling content gives you a little bit more leeway of you know not being lazy but sort of pulling back on like the chatting side of stuff but also key point is as a Creator you should be chatting on your only fans account for 4 to eight hours per day because you get these lazy creators that oh I don't mind creating the content but I just can't be asked talking to these creepy guys and we just had a Creator not that long ago join us at 2K per month she had about 30000 messages didn't like messaging and back whatsoever and within the first 30 days we'd got her from like 2 K maybe two and a bit K to 25k plus and it's not because we're magicians or amazing salesmen even though we are it's actually just because we put a chatting team on there for 24 hours and they absolutely cleaned up and they're still and they're still cleaning up right now so that's your sign as a as a Creator to start chatting to your fans more put a bit of time into it you are a creator after all so why not and also as an agency 24-hour chatting making sure your Chatters are absolutely on point so that's scheduling your content now when it comes to actually content creation this is this is saucer so content creation as an only fans Creator or what you should be getting your only fans Creator your client to do if you're an agency now goes back to Niche let's say if you don't have a model who has an actual Niche like cosplay or stretching or yoga or gym girl or whatever let's say if your model just has big boobs and people who like big boobs subscribe to her page for the past however long she's had the page for how long You' had it if you're a Creator ppvs you've been filming and this is just on average you've been just going and getting a shower and you've been using a toy and you've done this for 10 minutes or you're in on in bed and you've played with yourself or you've bounced on it is and you've sent out to everyone for the same price and going I hope that sells I hope that sells what you got to think is a lot of those fans probably don't like seeing shower content they probably just like feet or they maybe they just like nipple play or maybe they just like uh um seeing you do stretching or maybe some sort of role play or maybe like dominatrix or being dominated whatever it is you could have a wide audience of people that are not into the content that you're creating so when it comes to content creation it is important that you are categorizing your fans to whatever they like so this is why it's important when it comes to chatting to them so when you're talking to your fans or when you're talking to your models fans you should be finding out what things they are into what do you like about me what kind of content do you want to see me create and if you use a system like inflow where you can log notes where you can just do it on the name you should be logging their information so oh I really love you doing this okay well I'm going to put you into this category I really love you playing with these okay I'm going to put you into this category and over time it might take 30 days to really figure out your fans interests but then you're going to have a list like 20 people love love to see this 50 people love to see that 70 people love to see this and what you can do is let's say if 70 of your fans love seeing you ride something cowgirl you can be like I'm going to make a cowgirl piece of content I'm going to sell it to these 70 fans for $200 because I know that they love it and they will buy it then I'm going to sell it to the rest of the people who might not really be into that for $100 or $50 and that way I'm going to get pretty much 100% guaranteed sales on these cowgirl lovers but I'm also probably going to get sales on these other people for lower so when it comes to creating content you need to be testing different things and different angles niches Kinks everything but to get that dialed in you need to find out this information from your fans otherwise you're not going to know because there's no point filming a ppv putting your bait on your hook this is my ppv that just filmed casting it out and being like oh I hope fish like maggots today but if you're fishing and everyone goes oh no these fish really love pellet she can be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pellet let's go boom straight into the fish your content is your bait find out what bait these fish like get loads of this baay and send them it for a high price that's what happens when it comes to content creation Now another note to make on content creation is whatever content you Mak on social media I've mess I've message men mentioned this at the start of this video Whatever content you're making on social media should cross over to O if you are making foot content on Twitter you're obviously going to make foot content on TWiT on on only fans if you're making gaming content you should do some sort of gaming stuff for these little Gamers that are liking seeing the content so that's content creation Now the final most important piece of source which hopefully you stayed on this video to get to because I kept this a little bit the secret I'm sure all the people who are not that interested all these lowlevel creativ and agency owners have now pied off because they thought n can't be as watching this guy you that have stayed for the real Source I'm going to give you it right now so the main piece of content creation the moneymaking thing I'm sure some people know this but scripted don't skip me yet Stay With Me sequences now these let me tell you about these and I'm not talking about you basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that all these oh just do this eight step revealing your boob kind of thing or uh just a sex in set it's not that I'm going to talk to you about the most successful scripted sequences you will ever film and why they're so effective so the reason why they're effective as a Creator or as an agency is because you can pre-film these yeah it might be eight steps you can pre-film these now if I wanted to pre-film it now but I could use it anywhere I wanted to be I could be out on a night out and somebody could be chatting I'll make a bit of money yeah I'm just a h mate what about you and just selling this sequence easy now the reason why these are so effective one is because you can use it anytime two is because people think and believe they are in the moment so they think that they're special so they're going to pay higher prices and three you can use them whenever you want you can use them on anyone nobody knows just don't reuse them cuz then you look like a bit of a donut but let me um tell you how to do these so it could be step one face selfie step two voice note uh just chilling at own babe watching Netflix what about you next one sat on a sofa pulling your boob out got a bit horny though whatever the caption could be then it's slowly undressing do a little whatever on the sofa there's your eight steps save that in your Vault caption it step one step two step three step four if you're an agency and your chats are on there and they're going no what you up to babe I'm just own what about you watching Netflix and then you know boom I'll start the sequence or you you're a Creator you're in the car bored on your way to scun for or whatever you're going and somebody's chatting to you you can't really sell content in a car but you don't tell them that you go oh I'm just oh watching Netflix what about you and this this strategy is Evergreen and if you think about back to the old Snapchat days people probably still do it kids these days where You' be talking to somebody and you like oh show me you and then show show you the face oh show me a bit more show you a boob oh let's do this and you have a bit of fun and just because of where we're at right now in 2024 going into 2025 there's a lot of people that went through that era and it's quite a cool fun era and now people don't mind paying for it especially your fans that are s sat at home can't get a girlfriend just got more money than you know they don't know what to do with it they're never going to date a girl they don't have the confidence they will go through that again they've probably tried catfishing people on Snapchat for years now they're actually getting it with you and this also even if your agenc is running your account or your an agency this also convinces the fans that they are talking to the real person because they're receiving a voice note they're receiving in the moment pictures how can they be doing this in the moment if it's not in the moment it has to be real going to work look at this this is my girlfriend [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] absolutely buzzing and they're buzzing the tits off and spending 200 pound every time you send a revealing piece of content you could be doing like four within that eight steps could be 800 quid that is the way to make money when it comes to scripted sequences now the last little part the last little bit of sauce you obviously know this part is going live now there's no secret to this but let me just give you some good information on the things things we've tested over the last 365 days in a quarter going live some models don't like doing it CU they say well what do I do do I need to put a show on do I need to play a game and spin the wheel and get me boobs out or do I say tip and I'll do this no not at all all you need to do when you go live is literally sit there in bed and go so what's everybody up to then yet what I've been doing today what about you J you don't have to be sexy don't have to go my baby let me do this you don't have to do that just be you or your model just be herself just just just be you for an hour just talk to your fans and all that's going to do is it's going to show the fans that the model actually does run this page and they're sitting on it and they're talking to fans they're building that relationship so when it comes to that fan later on down the line buying content they're going to have in the mind oh she answered my question on live it's definitely her it's no one else and it's just going to give your Chatters or you a better success of selling content with the fans because they have that emotional connection now final final piece of sauce I keep saying this is the last little bit of info I'm giving you but I've got one more piece of sauce and it's not to do with only fans it is to do with social media media and this is the truth about being an only fans Creator or managing a model as an only fans Creator going into 2025 short form content is dying off these 10 to 15 second trending ofy Tik tocky kind of shitty reals have dying they've been successful they've had the day there's jelly beans out there getting 5 million views stamping of Rolls-Royce wind screen through that's kind of entertaining but it's going to die off 100% I'm going to give you the truth on what is going to be successful omal setting up your camera filming you on a live chat and people reacting to your model looking sexy and be like whoa and then you clip it and you put it on going viral right now long form content podcasts YouTube Vlogs anything that means you as a model or your model as an agency is showing your models or yourself showing your personality getting who you are on camera this short form [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and pictures it's dead fans don't care anymore they're just like oh it's just a picture of someone we faked it pretty fit but okay they don't feel that connection and that's what they need if they just wanted to have you know tug they just go into Hub or whatever but actually they want more than that they want that emotional connection they want to feel connected to your model they're not going to spend money if not so if you want to really blow up in 2025 as no Creator or get your models to absolutely smash it next year this year whatever 2025 get them showing the personality get them leveling up as an off Creator going live more vlogging just do something more than just taking pictures and filming these 10c trending oy reels 100% And if you stick to all of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's so basic yes it's sauce and I'm calling it sauce and you're going to go well kind of had an idea that that would work but I'm just telling you from the horse's mouth for the last year this is what I've come up with with that is going to work as an off Creator and an agency owner so get on top of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and if there's any critics out there Going H that's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Source well you said marketing well what about what about running dating apps and stuff like that I ain't going to talk about dating apps I'm just talking about the basics Evergreen content dating apps boring I hate them sometimes they're up sometimes they're down say Me Reddit oh get someone to run your Reddit accounts for you no just make good content and when you bring that traffic in make sure this is bang on your wall poost are doing the job you're scheduling the right content and putting effort into it make the best [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] content you possibly can and scripting the life out of sequences that's how you make money in 2025 no cap follow me on IG at the Juke see you later guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarabardazzi5521 [5 likes]: More content like that from you. You are the best 💪🏽👌🏽
  2. @Yvng_Rvmble [2 likes]: Which inflow is he talking about?
  3. @EternallyYours-13 [2 likes]: Sincere apologies but why would an OF creator need anyone to manage them? The whole point of OF is so people can own and operate their own self with nobody else to pay.
  4. @Officialkeyfire999 [2 likes]: Well, I think you’re Saucey!!!❤
  5. @wr1pg [2 likes]: Thank you for this info!!
  6. @VALKYRAESBBLGOFUNDME [1 likes]: @valkyrae @Cinna @Ludwig @hasanAbi @QTCinderella @WillNeff @kkataminaTV @Emiru @Fuslie @Pokimane  @TheCarolineKwan @sykkuno
OLD LADY RAE SPENT A WEEK SQUEEZING HER ITTY BITTY OLD LADY TITTIES TOGETHER IN A TANK TOP, WEARING THIGH HIGHS AND BOOTY SHORTS, AND RUBBING LOTION ON YOURSELF SLOWLY WHILE STARING AT THE CAMERA JUST TO END UP WITH ONLY 5K EXTRA SUBS LMAOOOO YOU COULDA MADE THAT AT NOON ON A WEDNESDAY AT THE STRIP CLUB LMFAOOO TRAGIC QUEEN POKI WOULD NEVER
  7. @Dr.Authenticity [1 likes]: Would you have any different suggetions for male creators?
  8. @Rawse1982 [1 likes]: I’m a total newbie……..do I need to start OF or start say a Twitter page first so I can get people who actually want to join my OF page? Thanks x
  9. @charlene9638 [1 likes]: So helpful definitely gonna do that banner
  10. @Cbrownwishmewell [1 likes]: what chat team do you guys use
  11. @makemebychelsea470 [1 likes]: When you say bulk film your content do you mean just normal content for insta/x and do like TikTok trends etc or do you mean do OF content? Or both? Haha
  12. @misscherries007 [1 likes]: So on a real note though I went to your agency link and I cannot find out how to find any type of pricing for services. Could you please reach out to me and let me know how to get there? I’d really appreciate it!
  13. @shamaruking7278: Male content creator, please help!
  14. @MatthewRossi-u6g: SO helpful my man, I am trying to break into the OF scene, building my catalog now to come out kicking
  15. @BrenninScott: Trying to help my GF promote her OF any tips help
  16. @MarcusMcDorman-z9g5k: Can you help me manage my OF I’m very new and don’t know where to start
  17. @Ukbaddeez: Brand new to all socials I ain’t a ghost account . I’m from uk . If ANYONE can assist with my onboarding as a business . I would be more than happy to pay you .
  18. @NickBull1066: hi just wanted some advice regarding only fans I recently joined TWITTER known as X these days two females have been texting me to join OF but I’m very wary about it regarding scamming I noticed a couple things currency sign is $ for payment but I’m in the uk 🇬🇧 should it be in Stirling? £ instead and fake profiles are so obvious only TWO PROFILES ARE REAL SWINGERS COUPLE AND A HOTWIFE WHICH I MET BEFORE IN PERSON IDEALY I AM THINKING OF CREATING A ONLY FANS ACCOUNT FOR MY OWN CONTENT I AM IN THE SWINGERS LIFESTYLE AS A REAL BULL IN THE SWINGERS LIFESTYLE NO PAYMENT IS EXCHANGED BUT THE IS A MARKET OF COUPLES SEEKING BULLS MIGHT Has well make some money from it I apologise for the longest comment on your YouTube channel 😅
  19. @ZenxbiaMusic: thank you!
  20. @sarabardazzi5521: Top 🫶🏻🫶🏻🫶🏻

- My Wife Makes $250k a Month On OnlyFans | LOVE DON'T JUDGE: Kind: captions Language: en this is mark he fell in love with mia they may look like your average couple but their way of earning money has led to online backlash mia currently makes 55 000 us dollars a week mia and mark run an only fan's business whilst mia models mark does the admin people telling us to get a real job people saying that mia is nothing more than an online prostitute calling me a pimp sometimes i'm really surprised of how strong and bad the comments are you know i think people got marks in our relationship totally wrong [Music] i'm originally from south america and i moved to malta fest to live for two years and then the last year in november we moved to the uk i think i first realized that i was in love i just had this like overwhelming feeling inside that i hadn't really had before so originally we tried living in south america i had a job as an english teacher there however the wages were very very low and we found it very hard to support ourselves which brought about our decision to get married so after we got married we moved to malta for a bit after we got our visa situation sort to come to the uk my friend actually told me that his cousin's girlfriend was making around two thousand dollars a month on this new social media platform essentially selling topless photos for herself and just for like lingerie i told me about it and yeah we kind of went from there like she started exploring the idea obviously it was totally her own decision our only fans start with laundry pictures and i didn't show my face at the beginning because i was really scared and then wasn't when i took the decision of showing more and everything went up up and as the content got more explicit there was more money so right now i'm making 250k a month so how do you feel about hitting the two and a half million dollars on any fans oh i'm really proud of each other honestly i was actually thinking that we should go to celebrate we should go for some drinks after lunch baby can you help me take some pictures because i want to post some new content i first started mark to get involved because one of my fans was really into it and he was asking me like for three four months so then i told mark why don't we try you know it's something really amateur and he agreed with me my family my parents they don't know yet because my parents are really religious people and very close-minded they're very protective so i told them that we are able to support them because we have a big income my family though don't know the details but they know that we work only fans they don't really don't really ask too many questions you need to know exactly how to set your page out exactly how you deal with the fans there's a lot that goes into it i've been doing this for around about a year and a half now just helping mia out it kind of takes like the admin side away from what she's kind of doing so she focuses on the page and and more of the interaction with the fans so what originally caught the media's attention was um from myself posting a short video on social media essentially broadcasting celebrating the fact that mia had made 1 million us dollars and it blew up what a lot of people saying quite hurtful things um saying quite condescending things people telling us for instance to to get a real job people saying that mia is nothing more than an online prostitute calling me a pimp calling me a simp essentially following the rhetoric that i'm controlling her life it's another job they have to understand that this is a business and i'm not stealing i'm not selling drugs relationship totally wrong our relationship is is a team we work like a team we both do things and take decisions together and we respect each other so bad comments but reactions don't actually make me consider to stop doing it because that's not what affects me i would say my family is the one who reacts in a bad way then i will consider stopping i'm actually really happy at the moment comparing then when we were in malta like it was so much job we didn't even have time to spend together you know well we never got to come out on dates like this yes what this site is afforded it's afforded i know it's hard work it's very heartwarming but i love her determination in her personality that's what i would say i love most because every day you wake up and you are committed you are you're driven and i see it in your eyes he's always there for anything i need he's always supportive i really love that about him you

  Top Comments:
  1. @meishameisha3455 [5 likes]: This is not love this is business
  2. @mohamedmoaya9050 [2 likes]: First of all That's not a fkn man .
  3. @ivanb8126 [1 likes]: Making money on OnlyFans is morally on a similar level as selling drugs: you are making money on the lowest needs and instincts of needing people....
  4. @TheHypercarnivoreChef [1 likes]: So basically he is the wife of a pornostar
  5. @marcmaza2821 [1 likes]: I don’t believe any of this crap!
  6. @Buccaneer737 [1 likes]: If you tolerate everything you stand for nothing.
  7. @blakeemel3819 [1 likes]: U have an open marriage bro… she don’t belong to u no more your a weak man
  8. @ErikaMaeTobias2001-maimai: Oh god
  9. @rosematchmaker: Real marriage unity is becoming a history people are selling their souls exchange for money financial gains ..
  10. @johnnyfoxshow: I am not someone who supports onlyfans or "onlycans" as i call it on my show but good god if my woman was making 250k a month go with god baby. Papa better get a nice fat cut tho lol
  11. @inarizic4945: A simp
  12. @xXxMamboManxXx: You couldn't be more bluepilled even if you tried

Soy at its best
  13. @patilabhinav7941: This guy is a Chad.
  14. @3MinutesOG: You guys have no idea how alone are are going to be when you get old
  15. @hornpub267: Ugly
  16. @harrisonmixer9583: He’s not a pimp, he’s a Simp…
  17. @cameracharmer6049: OF: cameracharmer 😉
  18. @flyman2608: fools disgusting people
  19. @rwn490: Who earns this she or both , what if she leave him or break up !
  20. @robertoaraya910: Actually a Pimp would have control over what she's doing. He is a simp. A groveling yes man who couldn't impose a limit on his partner if he wanted. That is way worse as I see it.

- YouTube star Piper Rockelle turns to OnlyFans: Kind: captions Language: en A Nightline exclusive. Piper Raquel as you've never seen her. For the first time on TV, the former kid influencer turned OnlyFans instant millionaire addressing the scandal that rocked her YouTube star persona. Brushing off her critics and making it clear she's in charge. I have it down to like it like it only takes me 30 minutes top hair and makeup. I felt like when I first dropped my OnlyFans I was thinking a little bit too much like, "Oh my god, I need to have this kind of photo and this kind of photo." What is the most you've been offered for the least you've done? >> [laughter] >> You want to be honest? Probably just like a foot pic. Like it'll be like 3K just to see a foot. >> [music] >> Piper Raquel for months literally counted down to her OnlyFans debut. >> January 1st, the life is going to change just a tad bit. I'm going to get a little bit of Piper doing her own countdown clock is rewriting the narrative. She's the one counting down to her own coming of age. Hey, it is Piper Raquel and welcome to my vlog. Piper Raquel was the biggest kid influencer of the 2010s. Her move from child star to a sex symbol OnlyFans model was a shocking success. Piper claims that she made $2.9 million in her first day. That is an astronomical amount of money even within the OnlyFans world. So why did Piper turn to OnlyFans? It may have something to do with a massive scandal and lawsuit. It involves her mother and allegations of abuse and exploitation. Until the lawsuit came out, Piper [music] was really the golden girl of kid influencers. And so for these claims to come out against her mother and her mother's boyfriend [music] really changed everything. Piper was born to her mother Tiffany Smith in 2007 in Georgia. And by the time she was 3 years old, she was competing in pageants. Her father was uninvolved. He freaked out when he found out Tiffany was pregnant and you know, he went off and did his own thing. Tiffany was really just trying to make things work. And it was pretty quickly that she saw that Piper had some kind of star power. Her mother started posting videos of her on YouTube. And by the time she was 8 years old, she was getting millions of views on YouTube videos. There was Was it a slime video, right? Well, like my first ever video? >> Your first big viral video. Hey guys, it's Piper Raquel. Today we are going to be making fluffy slime. Slime was like having a moment. And so when Piper started making content like that, she was able to suddenly start racking up views and followers really quickly. Hey guys, welcome to my night routine. Anywhere we went, people would approach her. Can I take a picture with you? Can I touch you? [music] Around 2017, Piper began this band of other child influencers to join her. So it was called Piper Raquel and the Squad or the Squad for short. I'm not doing this alone. I'm inviting my whole entire squad over today. Come in, girls. A few years after the squad was created, you start seeing this proliferation of like crush content where the kids are revealing who they have a crush on or they're even like kissing each other. Piper's mom was the boss. She was the boss of Piper. And when it came to the Piper Squad, she was also the boss and really like the caretaker of all these other kids. You're going to be getting kissed. Those crush videos, some people thought inappropriate. Sure. I I you know, people can think that for sure. I was cool with everything. I think that we just made a lot of amazing content and I would never change the way that I went about like the whole YouTube thing. Cuz I think it was just one of the greatest things that ever happened to me. In 2021, you saw the squad really changing. So lots of members were leaving and there was kind of this mystery around like, "Why would anyone leave the squad?" You saw this divide emerge where a lot of parents and kids who had previously been a part of the Piper Squad were like, "Hold on a second. I'm now seeing how inappropriate and inequitable some of this behavior was." In 2022, 11 former members of the squad filed a lawsuit against her mom and her mom's boyfriend Hunter Hill and Piper Raquel Incorporated. And they alleged emotional, verbal, physical, and at times sexual abuse. They sought $22 million in damages. And the claims in the lawsuit are incredibly harrowing. When I was like 14 through 16, even 17, you know, that whole entire span of my life was just complete like the lowest ever. In 2025, Netflix dropped this documentary that was called Bad Influence. And it was really an inside look at this lawsuit and these allegations against Tiffany Smith and the world of kid influencing. Did you watch the Netflix series? No. Mhm. That's interesting cuz there's a there are you know, the lawsuit had serious allegations in it. >> Absolutely. All of these allegations that were lodged mostly against your mom, are you saying they're untrue? I'm never going to discredit anybody. I'm just going to say I have never witnessed anything and I have never went through that. And I was always with my mom. And I love my mom and I'm never going to speak for them. And I wish that they could have been kind enough to never speak for me. And yet there's no estrangement between you and your mom. You you guys are living together. >> know, I think a lot of people think that this whole entire thing would definitely bring us farther apart, but this whole entire thing has just made me closer to her. So So the lawsuit was settled in 2024. It was settled for $1.85 million, which is a far cry from the $22 million in damages sought. Tiffany Smith, Hunter Hill, and Piper Raquel Inc. never admitted to any wrongdoing. After the lawsuit was filed, YouTube demonetized Piper's channel. At the time Piper and Tiffany, they're making about 300 to 400,000 dollars a month. So that is a significant loss. So what does Piper do? She pivots and she leaves that young girl behind. I'm doing my first ever collab on OnlyFans, which I'm super excited about with Sophie Rain and Asia Sophie. They're like two hottest little girls ever, women. I love them so much. We just went on a little trip together and we took some photos and it was so much fun. Like so so so much fun. So I had the best time ever. What made you think about going on OnlyFans? Once I did turn 18, I was like, "Where do I want my life to go? What if I become an actress or singer?" But then I kind of thought about it. I was like, "I don't think that that's for me. I'm never going to have a good reputation. I'm never going to have a clean slate. I don't really want a clean slate." It does seem that a lot of the people who are consuming content on OnlyFans, especially of really young girls like Piper who is only 18, are older [music] men. >> It's always just been adult men who are sort of leering after these barely legal women. As a culture, we fetishize youth to such an extreme degree. Does it trouble you that a lot of your fans are older men? I mean, it's not I I don't really think about it that much. I don't think about it like that. >> Your OnlyFans has no nudity. I mean, no, not yet at least. I'm not shutting that door because I'm very comfortable with who I am, but nothing yet. I just started. It's literally only been a month. I love to show my body and I show my body on Instagram. If I show that much on Instagram, I'm obviously doing more on OnlyFans. But you do do personalized services like chatting with people. >> course. It's successful people. It's lonely people. I don't care who they are, but I care for them as an individual. And I just I want to make them more happy. If they if that's that's what they want. If they want me to be mean to them, sure. I don't care. Like Part of the business model with OnlyFans is that these models are able to message their subscribers directly. And that is really a big part of where the money comes from. So the messaging that she sends to her subscribers is racy. They're very sexual. They're very teasing in nature. What did your grandma say when you told her you're going on OnlyFans? In honor of me just dropping my link, I'm going to show my grandma the first set I posted. Scared? I'm scared. Your whole Your whole entire My family's most supportive thing ever. I do make her a character. But like I'm literally making her like a money hungry grandma for my like for the entertainment. It's the funniest thing ever. I heard you bought your grandma a car, too. >> Yes, I did. Meemaw, what are we doing today? Going to get a car with my grandaughter's butt money. Spending this amount of money does hurt me, but I'll just make it back in an hour. She paid my house off, number one. And this was before she started OF. She bought me a Bronco and she said that she doesn't want me working anymore. I'm not going to fight with her. We've talked about all that you've lost. If all of that hadn't happened, do you think you would be doing OnlyFans? Um I really don't know. I mean, truthfully, there's a lot of times where in that whole midst of things where I wanted to give up. So, you know, it wasn't like, "Oh, I got to make money or nothing." You know, I'm totally cool with also having nothing and no one. I don't think that I'd continue to be doing YouTube. Even if I had my um YouTube right now, I I think that I probably would have I would have grown out of it. >> For much more on this story, including lots of behind-the-scenes looks at Piper's OnlyFans, watch Impact by Nightline, Piper Raquel: Barely Legal, now streaming on Disney Plus and Hulu.

  Top Comments:
  1. @azsunburns [3 likes]: You should NOT be glorifying this. Shame on abc
  2. @strawterrymuffinz [2 likes]: Only fans should raise their age limits and IDGAF if anyone disagrees on this. There are so many fucking creeps out there and if they go for freshly 18 year olds imagine if the age limit was lower.
  3. @danielwolfe4169 [2 likes]: Tel Aviv impressed
  4. @AkhilN-x2f [1 likes]: Why you are promoting her??? She is only 18 pls take down this video
  5. @Swaggy157 [1 likes]: What a surpise, an exploited kid turned into an exploited young adult
  6. @tujaysc [1 likes]: I honestly don't understand why mainstream media grants interviews to onlyfans/pornstars; you're just giving them free publicity. Let's get back to ethical journalism...please.
  7. @danielwolfe4169 [1 likes]: Babylon system
  8. @Rubirosexy: Y’all victimizing her when she is not a victim
  9. @Rubirosexy: She is just making excuses piper didn’t need OF she was already rich
  10. @zackfornshell3059: Ok so now it is way wierder
  11. @zackfornshell3059: Bro this is super disturbing
  12. @itaylor4680: Shame on GMA for giving her free advertisement
  13. @King_Maker_811: "instant millionaire"

FAKE! she faked her earnings like all OF girls do.
she was literally caught using photoshop with her earnings.
  14. @BUZZ4EVER: EW
  15. @mackadoodless: Dude wtf
  16. @Court-j5d: She is too young and beautiful. This makes me sad .
  17. @RemnantSRT440: We're so cooked 🍳
  18. @IsaiahF712-b3x: Why is this on a News Broadcast?
  19. @di.g5635: We fetishize youth meanwhile there's stills of her as a kid. Be so serious! This is so disturbing.
  20. @bryce5301: Ehhhhh them ta tas are average at best. She better have a free version

- Your husband follows his ex wife's OnlyFans...: Kind: captions Language: en I like it tarzana protein about the workers in hand take a day today is to love and adhere to mark the Stories The Boy was pleased with small to dance together did not respond I did not say above them out of the most typical mantras Devil sub is a boy named stylish And catalysis tape Black Wedding at lobortis kalameet posts tagged with you have one in Miracles entitled growth and I'm free down control karma movie When are you castable test results for your photos of his ex-wife address Tell me about it exists for all We Know What to get to the White Dragon spotify comediantes understand paper and single entoptic novated come back for me it's Waiting to see what is one of The Winner Is a man apart A Time For Us Today what is going to do something We request is that baby China Ford Everest masticatory battlecast about What have boyfriend love for you and me Together And now I don't love my Tender improve your Everyday and according to your Media center for scientists and all of our site report for response to my acid Open with me will present and you and i made from the supreme I love you know yet we don't make his old are added the cat's that I know Anyone can Use you how How many parts Of Your Hand to America helping The parties For You Fell in his Story Of stances a Tale of Battle Open circuit what took this long now to support his wife In China the west show What is paid comment amount you if I hadn't come across America alternifolia fan account and flowing Dead is good or not then the shape will invade r&d compressed World reunite Osho American colleges It's flexible Full Metal alchemist Nine West and just the way to Person is that you want to life off Screen or use Smart array Of Dragon pulse west restore the bees knees Together the mean time of people on the side of the way to the one that the content from my life I Anh

- How Do We Handle Burnout In The Lifestyle?: Kind: captions Language: en here go how often do you get burned out in this lifestyle babe uh pretty often like it comes in waves like we will go through a phase you know we'll either like play a few times or talking to a bunch of people and then I'm just get really exhausted maintaining those relationships and having to like keep up the conversation like dating is a lot of work and that's the thing is it's not like it's dating you know what I mean but that's what it feels like yes yes it does but and but it's not that's I think why we burn out on it so quick yeah and trying to like we're not trying to like build you know relationships as far as friends and we maintain those relationships with friends or people we've hung out with before but it's like trying to like meet new people and maintain conversations and get to know people and every single free weekend like going like I just it's too much sometimes it really is and and it's funny because as much as you said it's like dating people it's not instead of like dating somebody and say hey what's your favorite color you know that joke it's always like you're talking to somebody and you're like hey so what what are you guys into what's your Dynamic you know what I mean it kind of gets those but it's also the favorite color like cuz you're like oh what do you do for work what do you do this and it's like making small talk like sometimes I just want to like chill on my free time like talk to you know yeah not have to like so it does get real that gets burn out keeping up with conversations so I don't know we take a break I guess every few month I don't know I don't even know like if there's a specific like time we take a break we just no we just kind of do and I think I think like our like burnout clock is like on the same page cuz like you will stop talking or to people or whatever and I don't even look at you and I'm not even like hey who are we talking to or what are we doing who are we doing who are we hanging out with what are we doing because I I get it from you and I'm kind of already at that point if you're burnout I'm typically burnout I'm like hey what are we doing like let's go do this together so yeah taking breaks to prevent burnout I think it's important is good yes very

- Burnout In The Swinger Lifestyle? Here's What You're Doing Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en how do you feel burnout coming on in the lifestyle babe what does it feel like um when I feel like I'm getting frustrated because you're like talking to a lot of people and nothing's happening um you just are feeling kind of like you're just not into the lifestyle and it's kind of either like grossing you out or you're just like yeah you're just not really feeling like excited about it and just like yeah and how long does it take for the burnout for you to wear off um I would say like a month or two I kind of will go in waves like we you know or like I'll play and we'll kind of get it out of our system and then we will you know take a break for a little bit or if I'm burnt out we kind of will just like you know go do something on our own something like that but usually will take like a month or two and then start to get the itch again yeah and and it's funny cuz you can kind of feel the burnout coming like you know when it's actually coming and if you haven't played yet you're kind of like so we should maybe do this before we decide we don't want to do this right now for a while but taking a break I think is the best thing yeah taking a break is totally fine like we what what what month is it right now it is September sep and we haven't done anything since April April yeah so taking breaks is fine yes it is

- Make OnlyFans A FULL-TIME JOB! (NO Social Media Following!): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it has been a little bit of time since I've made a only fans video and I feel like it's about time cuz I have some new tips new tricks and some things that I wanted to share with you also before we get started I did want to mention that I do have a full mentorship program and I also offer promo so all that is listed Down Below in my description box my mentorship program is a two- Monon long program and we have one-on-one calls and conversations about how you can scale your only fans business I basically share with you everything that I know so that you can be just as successful if not more successful on the platform we go over everything from start to finish if you are just getting started or if you already are um doing only fans and you need that boost so I would highly recommend it if you need some support and if you really need that one-on-one coaching it'll all be listed down below and you can email me at Alana alan.com so let's jump into today's video today's video is all about how you can make only fans a full-time job without even having any social media following or any followers in general to start I do want to give a disclaimer if you are looking to make only fans a full-time job then you have to put in full-time hours in the beginning in the beginning it is going to be a full-time job so if you have a full-time job you're going to be having two full-time jobs if you really want to make this your full-time job and then you can slowly Wing off your actual job but to start out you have to put in all your effort you have to put in all your time um at least to get the ball rolling so I just wanted to give you that disclaimer this is not a get rich quick scheme this is how you're going to actually scale your business and make it something full-time so let's dive into how I started and how it actually became my full-time job I got started in December 2019 and at the time I was only posting bikini pictures by I want to say April of 2020 I was already full-time doing only f 4 months I was doing only fans fulltime so here is how I did that when I first started like I said I was only doing bikini pictures I was showing my face and I already had my YouTube channel so those are the things I had I didn't really share it on YouTube much I did like one video I don't have a huge following on social media and I especially didn't at that time my following has definitely grown since then and so has my Tik Tok so now it's a different story but when I first started I did not have the following that I had now so I was starting from scratch and what I started to do was I started making videos like this I started talking about it on my Twitter a lot and that's kind of how I got the ball rolling so the platform that I promoted most on when I first started was Twitter and I felt like it was the quickest success for me was on Twitter there's tons of other ways to promote your only fans and I do want to mention if you think you're not going to have a social media but you're going to have an only fans a successful only fans that is just not how this is going to work you don't you don't have to start out with followers but you do have to build your social media platforms and no you don't have to show your face if you don't want to but you are going to have to Brand yourself as like a no-face person and you're going to have to make platforms where you can make content to promote yourself so to start off you're going to start to build these platforms specifically for your only fans so you're going to have a Twitter an Instagram a Tik Tok maybe even a YouTube channel if you feel comfortable putting your face out there and you're going to start building your plat form surrounding your only fans if you're making a Twitter it needs to be all about only fans promoting it pushing it talking with other girls that are also doing the same thing then you're going to be making your Tik Tok which is one of the ones I would highly recommend and it's going to be all about that all about your only V it's going to be you know sexy content obviously enough that people can understand what you're hinting at but not enough for Tik Tok to ban you you're going to have to be very strategic about it and one thing we go over in my mentoring program is how you can be strategic about that I will say Obviously there are tons of hashtags and there are tons of other girls that are already doing this so you can easily find those girls and kind of mimic what they're doing just say that for now um especially on Tik Tok I think that is a really quick way to grow a fan base and one of the best ways to get people over to your only fans and you're going to make an Instagram now this one is the trickiest one but I would still highly recommend you have it just to have it and again obviously be care careful on what you post on your Instagram and on your Tik Tok because those are the most sensitive um and you could definitely get B banned if you post the wrong things on Tik Tok and Instagram be sure that you're using link tree or some other sort of like hosting platform for your only fans website cuz you can't just post your only fans on Tik Tok or Instagram it will get flagged and you'll get taken down so be very careful with that but as far as Twitter goes you're kind of you kind of have free range you can post whatever just make sure that your page is like an 18 plus page and that you're following their guidelines over there and then the other thing you want to want to do is make a Reddit is probably the hardest way to grow because you can only post so often on Reddit you're only allowed to post so much per day that is kind of a tricky platform you want to make sure you have consistent branding through all your platforms so that everyone knows kind of what you're promoting or promoting your only fans and they know where to go to find that so make sure everything is very cohesive and very branded if you're using a certain username you want to at least get something similar across all the platforms don't have different names per platform because people aren't going to be able to know oh is this the same person that I'm following over here is this the same person you want it to be very clear and organized and you want people to know who you are this is building a business so you really want to make sure that your business model is strong that your brand identity is strong um so make sure you have like a very cons consistent photo maybe that you use a consistent username maybe a specific tagline that you have in all of your bios just something so that people are aware of who this is and your branding and the more that they see it the more that they are interested in it so now that you've built your social media platforms and they are strong in brand identity people know who you are now you really need to push people over to your only fans and what you have to have going on over there is very strong as well you need to make sure people know when you're posting you need to make sure people know what you're going to be posting so put that in your bio you obviously you can put whatever you want in your bio on only fans they will not restrict you so make sure that people know what they're buying into before they actually buy it so make sure that's in your bio so that people can see it before they hit subscribe to your page now one thing to keep in mind is that when someone is subscribing to you they're choosing to pay monthly for Content you need to make sure that you're providing enough monthly content for the price that you're putting up there so so if people are paying $9 to $11 for Netflix and they have all these different movies all these different TV shows why would they pay $25 plus dollars for your subscription page make sure that you're pricing your content well make sure that if you're page is going to be you know up there in the 20s or $30 range that you're providing content that's worth that that people and not to say oh your body's worth this number but you have to remember people are coming to buy this page and if you want your subscribers to stick around there has to be enough content that they're like oh yeah this is worth it there's content every single day or every single week whatever that may be whatever is comfortable with you but make sure you're providing a lot of content every month so that people want to continue to subscribe to you another thing to think about is not just how often you're posting but what type of content you're posting and the quality of that content like I said this is a full-time job so put in full-time hours make sure your content is is super clear you have a good camera or even your iPhone will work perfectly good but make sure the lighting is nice make sure you're getting really cool shots just make something unique to you one thing that I always recommend if you are just getting started is find a niche if there is something unique and special about you that's what brings new clients and customers and people that want to stick around because it's Unique and different than anybody else's if you're really into anime you know go down that route make sure that it's very strongly branded on your page you know maybe you do a cosplay or something like that maybe you do dress up type of things you know whatever it is whatever is unique to you whatever's special to you do that and really play that part of your brand up it's all about brand identity like I said earlier make sure your content reflects that brand so we talked about your branding we talked about your content we talked about how often you're going to be posting and then we also have to talk about how often you're speaking with your following not only do people come to your page for your content but they also come to your page because they're talking to you specifically they want to know that when they message you that you're responding that it's actually you so why wouldn't they just go watch porn it's because they're speaking to an actual person so make sure you're engaging with your following that's what brings them back that's what makes them feel like okay this is specific to me like this makes me feel special it's different than just going on the web and typing in whatever and finding it somewhere else they can actually speak with the Creator they can get Customs they can do this and that they can feel like this is a unique experience this is worth the subscription price make sure that you're engaging with your following you kind of get to know them you know what they like you know what they don't like and you can kind of custom make content that fits your audience cuz you might have a completely different audience than I have than a different creator has so really get to know your audience ask them questions get to know what they want and start making content that reflects your audience like I keep saying you have to put in what you want to receive so the same goes not only for your time but also your money if you don't level up while you're company is leveling up then it's going to hold you back something you want to think about is how you're mixing things up what I like to do is put money back into my business by getting new outfits every once in a while or you know maybe even getting a photo shoot location ation and taking pictures there just changing things up going on a trip and getting content there whatever that is you want to make sure that your content is changing and evolving with you with your audience and you're not just doing the same old thing every single day every single week you want to make sure that things are growing and they're getting better over time not just staying consistent or even getting worse that's how you scale your business last on my list is actually talking about purchasing and share for share promo this is a huge part of scaling your business especially with no followers to start you need to promote somehow because only fans doesn't have a discover page so how are you going to promote especially with no following here's what you need to do you need to buy promo from other only fans creators you need to go on Twitter or on Tik Tok or on YouTube even um any platform and find other creators and ask them if they sell promo or if they have the same sort of following as you you can even ask to swap promo so you would share each other and that would be the share for share find people that have a bigger audience than you and I always say find somebody that looks like you or is doing similar content to you because you know that Their audience is already going to be attracted to you or at least you can hope or that they already like the content that you are doing so maybe they would be interested in your content find somebody that looks similar that has a bigger following and Buy promo from them and then that's how you're going to get that you're following without even having a social media there are many ways to find promo and to find only fans creators like I said there are hashtags you can look up um if you go on Twitter oh my God you're going to find so many different people even on Tik Tok you can look up like accountant and a lot of girls are doing only fans content through that hashtag and tons of other ones and same on Instagram I would be very careful with Instagram though because there are a lot of fake accounts so you want to make sure you click on their only fans page and make sure that it's actually them that they're actually posting and stuff like that I would really recommend doing your research before buying promo from girls like make sure they have a big following make sure they're engaging with their following you know do all that before you just start buying promo cuz you don't want to get played and you also don't want to buy promo from someone that maybe doesn't have that great of a following maybe their followers are kind of like Duds they don't buy content you want to find those people that are actually purchasing content and you also want to make sure that they're subscribing for longer than just like 1 month or that they're not just sub subscribing to free Pages you want really high quality followers so make sure you're doing a research and look into who you're buying promo from as far as swapping promo I would be a little more lenient on that obviously if you're just swapping with someone that's easy if it didn't work out it didn't work out be cautionary when you're buying promo so those are some of my tips if you'd like to join my mentorship program please let me know the email again is Alana alan.com email me and I'll send you my list of promo and Consulting and my mentorship program so you can get the whole list and menu of that let me know what you're looking for and I'll definitely guide you in the right direction thank you for watching this video I hope it was helpful and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @anacctsworld [2 likes]: This advice helps ! I made 30k in my first year and have proof. I followed you for some time now. Ty
  2. @H0neydip-01 [2 likes]: Love your tutorials! They are all so helpful! I am new to OF! Hoping to be as successful as you! 🥰  Thank you for all of your tips and tricks!
  3. @TheQuantt [1 likes]: a round of applause  for Alanah cole helping to create a generation of ret/arded men and simps.
  4. @polpol1005 [1 likes]: Onlyfans (OnlyFools) is a prime example of EVERYTHING that's wrong with modern day society.
  5. @yagamajogmaya7198: Do you know any artiss  on of?
  6. @anakordana7025: Advice 1: DONT GET BANNED BY TIKTOK😅😅😅😅😅
  7. @AntonioRomero-b2r: She is beautiful and gorgeous and wifey material 💍!!
  8. @badluma: holy shit society is so fucked. prostituting yourself online.
  9. @SleepyFruity: Legalizing and normalizing prostitution, pathetic
  10. @LabdoyMondigo: how to apply?
  11. @Da_GanJAHman: ~🔥~🍓👑🍓~🔥~ ❤ great info💯
  12. @EliysseBailey: nice, tutorial! Are you still on OF?
  13. @Ronkeyadventures: What about as a guy with 0 followers
  14. @Helga-v6b: Can’t thank you enough for these insights! After 2 years this gem is still dense in relevant information. It’s like you knew exactly what I needed to hear to improve my profile and streams on BongaCams, where I can master those cues and pick up decent money 💸💸
  15. @PolishGuy: I feel bad for the dads of the commenters here.
  16. @BonVivantLIVES: I need to LINK my creator account to a BIZ account page (ala SUICIDE GIRLS e.g.) Onlyfans says I can run that page from my creator page with full accountability? (or that I don't need to make the 'biz page' an actual creator acct) - does this make sense? - whats the easiert way to LINK the accounts? :hand-pink-waving:😘
  17. @TwattyWankers: 04/22/24
  18. @philipkrentz8070: I have a question
  19. @Decoy22x: Can't wait for the government to get their hand in and ban this prostitution business. Ain't this no different than sex predator? especially most Onlyfan model get on online and prey on single people on dating site? Young women also get exploit by this before they figure their life out.
  20. @bougougesjeweleryworld: this is disgusting

- My Fiancée Said: “My Body, My Choice” When I Found Her Onlyfans Account....: Kind: captions Language: en My fianceé said, "My body, my choice." When I found her Only Fans account, I said, "You're right." Then I made a choice that had her family calling an emergency meeting. What I shared at Sunday dinner, I, 32, male, was looking for our tax documents when I found it. My fianceé, Bella, 28, had asked me to grab her W2 from her home office. We were supposed to file jointly for the first time since getting engaged 6 months ago. found the W2, also found at another tax form, a 1099 from Phoenix International Limited. For those who don't know, that's Only Fan's parent company. The amount was significant, $47,000 for the year. My hands went cold. We'd been together 3 years, living together for two. She worked as a physical therapist, made decent money, never mentioned a side hustle. Sat at her desk, staring at the form. Her laptop was right there. Logged in. We knew each other's passwords. Only fans bookmark. Clicked it. Auto logged into her creator account. Username at midnight physio bio. Your favorite PT helping you work out all the tension. Custom content available. 837 subscribers. $30 month. Do the math. The content. Yeah. Everything from lingerie to full videos. Recent post from 2 days ago while I was at work in our bedroom on our bed. Some videos had another person, a man, face not visible, but definitely not me. I'm 5'10". This guy was easily 6'3", felt physically sick. Closed the laptop, took photos of the tax form with my phone, went home. We lived together, but I needed to think. She texted around 6:00 p.m. Bella. Hey, hey babe. Found my W at the clinic late. Me. Found it. And the 1099. And the 1099. Read receipts on. She read it. Started. Typed. Started again. Stopped. 10 minutes later, she called. Let me explain. I'm listening. It's not what you think. It's just content like modeling. Modeling with another man in our bed. That's We use professionals. It's all acting. Professionals acting in our bed. Can we talk at home, please? Sure. She came home looking nervous but defiant. Sat across from me at the kitchen table. Okay. Yes, I have an Only Fans. I started it during COVID when the clinic cut hours. That was 2 years ago. The clinic's been full-time for over a year. The money was too good to stop me. $47,000 good. It paid off my student loans. Our wedding fund half is from this. Our wedding funded by videos of you with other men. Getting defensive. It's work. It's not cheating. You hid it from me because I knew you'd react like this. It's my body, my choice. You're right. It is exactly. So we can move past Wait, what? Your body? Your choice. Absolutely. And it's my choice whether I marry someone who does sex work behind my back. Sex work. It's content creation. Content of you having sex with other people for money. That's literally sex work. You're being dramatic. Lots of couples do this. Couples who discuss it, who agree to it. You lied for 2 years. I didn't lie. I just didn't tell you. That's literally lying by emission. She tried tears, anger, bargaining, even pulled up the account to show me the revenue. Bella, look, we could buy a house. I made $4 just last month. We This is your money from your body, your choice. Remember? Don't twist my words. I'm using your exact words. Your body, your choice. My life, my choice. Stood up to leave, to make some choices. Adrien, we're getting married in 4 months. No, we're not. First choice, called my buddy who's a lawyer. Thankfully, we hadn't combined finances yet. The apartment was in my name. She'd moved in with me. Second choice started screenshotting. Not the explicit content. I'm not that guy, but the profile, the subscriber count, the pricing tiers, the content menu she had pinned, the comments from regulars. One guy had been subscribing for 18 months. Best $30 I spend every month. Third choice. Messaged my brother Cole. He worked in it. Understood digital footprints. Me need advice. Bella has an only fans. I just found out about Cole. Oh How bad? 47K last year. Bad videos with other dudes. Bad. Damn. What do you need? How do I protect myself when this goes public? Smart. First, change all your passwords. Spent the next 2 hours securing everything. Bank accounts, social media, email. Change the apartment's Wi-Fi password, too. Petty, maybe. My apartment, my internet. Bella blew up my phone. The Wi-Fi isn't working. Adrien, this is childish. We need to talk like adults. You're overacting. It's 2025. Sex work is real work. Don't throw us away over this. Didn't respond. Had bigger plans. See, Bella comes from a very traditional family. Italian Catholic. Her dad, Vincent, still calls me son. Her mom, Maria, has been planning our wedding since we got engaged. They think their daughter is a saint who works hard helping injured athletes. Sunday dinner was in 3 days. We never miss Sunday dinner. Time to make another choice. Update one. The preparation. Saturday morning. Bella tried a new approach. Showed up at my gym. Bella, we need to talk. Me, we talked. You made your choices. I'm making mine. You're going to throw away 3 years over some pictures, videos with other men that you hid for money. I'll stop. I'll delete the account. Why? It's good money. Your body, your choice. Stop saying that. Why? It's what you said. She followed me to my car. Are you coming to dinner tomorrow? Wouldn't miss it. Adrien, you're not going to. Going to what? Tell the truth. I thought you were proud of your choices. Her face went white. You can't tell my parents. You can't. Your body, your choice. My voice, my choice. This will destroy them. My dad has a heart condition. Maybe you should have thought about that before filming content in the bed your mom bought us as a housewarming gift. Please, I'll do anything. Delete the account. I I can't. There are subscriptions. I have to give 30 days notice. Convenient. It's true. Look it up. And I have custom content orders pending. Custom content with who? Does it matter? Me? Yes. Looking the way. Jerome. Content partner. Content partner. Is that what we're calling it? It's work. He's a professional. We don't even talk outside of shoots. Shoots in our apartment. Where else could I film? The entitlement. The absolute audacity. Get out of my way. See you at dinner. Adrienne please. Drove off. had preparations to make. Spent Saturday organizing everything. Tax form photos, screenshots of the profile, the menu of services, subscriber count, and earnings. Her pinned tweet about supporting sex workers means supporting all women. Created a simple PowerPoint. Nothing explicit, just facts, figures, and her own words about being proud of her choices. Sunday came fast. Bella texted all morning, "Please don't do this. We can work it out. Think about my family. This is cruel. I love you." That last one almost got me. Almost. Showed up at her parents house at 2 p.m. Bella's car was already there. Her brother Dante's too, her sister Lucia. The whole family. Maria opened the door. Maria. Adrienne, come in. Bella said you had news. Me? I do. Brought visual aids and everything. Maria. Oh, how modern. Vincent. Adrienne has a presentation. They thought I was proposing something wedding related. The dining room was set up. Lasagna cooking. Wine already poured. Bella looked sick. Kept trying to catch my eye. I set up my laptop connected to their TV. So, what's this about, son? Just wanted to share some discoveries about your daughter's career. Adrien, what? You're proud of your work, right? Your body, your choice. What's going on? Click to the first slide. Bella's only fans profile cropped to just show the bio and subscriber count. The room went silent. What is this? me. Your daughter's side business makes $47,000 a year. I don't understand. Only fans. Isn't that It's porn. Mom, what? Next slide. The tax form. Me. She's been doing this for 2 years. Never mentioned it to me. I found out 3 days ago. Standing up. Bella, is this true? Bella, tear starting. Papa, I can explain. Next slide. Her pin tweet about sex work. She's very proud of it. Says it's empowering. Oh my god, Bella. It's not what you think. It's just photos and videos with her content partner, Jerome. Content partner me. A professional. Apparently, they film in our apartment in the bed you bought us. Maria crossing herself. Mother of God. Standing up. How dare you? This is private. Me was private. Like our relationship was supposed to be exclusive. You've been cheating. It's not cheating. It's work. Your body, your choice. My choice to not marry someone who does sex work in secret. Final slide. Just text. Weddings off. I'll be returning the ring tomorrow. You're ending the engagement. She ended it when she chose to lie for 2 years. Maria crying now. Bella, how could you? It's 2025. This is normal now. Normal. Normal. You're engaged. Adrien is being controlling. Jealous. Toxic. Me. I'm being honest. something you might try. Stood up to leave. Adrien, wait. We We didn't know me. I know you didn't. You deserve to. Your daughter made her choices. Now everyone can live with them openly. You're ruining my life. No, you ruined our life. I'm just refusing to pretend otherwise. Left them to their family meeting. Could hear the shouting from the driveway. Update two. The fallout Monday morning. My phone was a war zone. Bella's cousin. You're a piece of for humiliating her like that. Her aunt. How dare you shame her for making a living. Her other brother. Bro, that was cold. Respect though. But the most interesting text came from someone unexpected. Unknown number. Hi, this is Jerome, Bella's content partner. We need to talk. Called him back. Might as well hear this out. Man, I had no idea she was engaged. Really? She said she was single. Said the apartment was hers. I feel terrible. Me. You didn't see any men's stuff? My clothes, photos. She said she had a roommate. Hid all your stuff before shoots. The planning, the deception, the effort she put into hiding me. Look, I'm out. This isn't worth the drama. Tell her to find a new partner. Tell her yourself. Already blocked her. Don't need this reputation. I work with a lot of creators. Can't be known as the guy who helps people cheat. Even her content partner had more integrity than her. Tuesday, Bella showed up with a U-Haul. I'm getting my things already boxed in the lobby. I have furniture in there. What furniture? The bed I bought, the couch I bought, the TV I bought. I contributed me with your only fans money. That's yours, remember? Your body, your choice, your money. Her dad and Dante showed up to help load. Vincent wouldn't look at me. Dante pulled me aside. Dante, man, just so you know, I get it. What you did at dinner was harsh, but she lied to everyone. She made her choices. Yeah, mom hasn't stopped crying. Dad's talking about changing his will. That's between them. Bella's trying to spin it like you're some controlling ex, but we saw those tax forms. Two years of lies. As they loaded boxes, Bella tried one more manipulation. Bella, my follower count is tanking. happy. Your followers, your problem. They're all asking why I'm not posting. What am I supposed to say? The truth that your fiance found out and left. That's private. Like our relationship was supposed to be. She started crying. Vincent finally spoke. Vince Adrien, what she did was wrong, but did you have to do it like that? Would you have preferred I hide it like she did? I'd have preferred none of this happened. Me, too. But it did. and everyone pretending otherwise won't change that. They left with her things. I thought that was the end. It wasn't. Wednesday, Bella went nuclear on social media. Posted on Instagram, "When your controlling ex weaponizes your family against you because he can't handle a strong independent woman making her own choices, sex work is real work. If you can't support that, you're the problem." Tagged me, tagged her family, tagged everyone. The comments were instantly divided. Yes, queen. His loss. Wait, you hid it from him for 2 years. Normalize sex work. Normalize not lying to your partner, maybe. But the best comment came from Lucia, her own sister. Strong independent women don't lie to their partners for 2 years. Also, you're not independent. You lived in his apartment. Bella deleted the post within hours, but screenshots were already circulating. Then came the real kicker. Remember that wedding fund she mentioned? The one half funded by Only Fans? Yeah, about that. Got a call from the venue. Venue, Mr. Adrien, we need to discuss your upcoming wedding. It's canceled. I called Monday. Yes, but Miss Bella is here demanding the deposit. The deposit I paid. She says she contributed half. Me? She contributed nothing. I have receipts. She's making quite a scene. Sir, call security. Drove to the venue. Bella was in the lobby. Full meltdown mode. That's my money, too. Me? No, it's my deposit for my account. Here's the receipt. Ma'am, only the person who paid can claim the refund. But I contributed. Tell them. Adrien, you contributed only fans money. Where's the receipts? You know I paid cash. I know you paid nothing. Your body, your choice, your money, my wedding, my deposit, my refund. Security showed up. She had to leave. But she wasn't done. Oh no, she had one more card to play. Final update. The choice that ended everything. Thursday night, got a call from my mom. Mom, Adrienne, honey, I just got the strangest message on Facebook. My blood ran cold. Me from who? Bella. She sent me videos. Said, "You're shaming her for her career?" Bella had sent my conservative mother only fans content. Not the explicit stuff, but enough lingerie photos with captions like, "Your son is shaming me for this. Is this so wrong? Me mom, I'm so sorry. Block her immediately." already did. But honey, is this why you canled the wedding? Me part of it? The lying was the main reason. Good. No man should marry a woman who sells herself. Old-fashioned? Yes. But Bella knew my family knew their values. Sent it anyway. That crossed the final line. Called my lawyer friend. Me. She's sending adult content to my mother. That's harassment, right? Could be. Save everything. Might need a restraining order. But I had a better idea. See, Bella forgot one thing. When you're a content creator, your business relies on reputation. And she just given me permission to share the truth. Created a simple post on Instagram since my ex wants to involve families. Here's the truth. Found out my fiance had a secret only fans for 2 years. Made 47K filming with other men in our bed. Lied about it our entire engagement. When caught said my body, my choice, I agreed. made my choice to leave. Now she's harassing my family with adult content. Sharing this so others know who they're subscribing to. Someone who lies to partners and harasses their families. Her username is at midnight physio if you want to support that behavior. My body, my choice, my story, my choice to tell. Tagged her, tagged her only fans Twitter. Let the internet do its thing. Within hours lost 200 subscribers. Other creators called her out for harassment. Her brand became toxic. Comments flooded with unsubscribed. But the real justice came from Only Fans itself. Turns out harassing people with your content violates their terms of service. Multiple people reported her for sending unsolicited adult content. Account suspended pending investigation. Bella called from Lucia's phone. I blocked all her numbers. Screaming, "You destroyed my business. Your choices destroyed your business. I was making 4K a month. Was past tense. How am I supposed to pay rent, get more hours at the clinic? I quit the clinic. I was going full-time content creation without telling your fiance. Bold choice. I'll sue you for defamation. Truth is an absolute defense. Sue away. My dad won't talk to me. My mom cries every time she sees me. Consequences. Jerome won't work with me anymore. more consequences. No one will date me now. Me, someone will. Someone who's okay with dating an only fans creator. I wasn't. You knew that. She broke down completely. I loved you. You loved my apartment, my stability, my accepting nature, but not enough to be honest. I was going to tell you when. After the wedding, after kids when I don't know, I was scared. So, you lied for 2 years. made content in our home with another man while engaged. It was just work. Then put it on your LinkedIn. Tell your next boyfriend on date one. See how that goes. You're heartless. I'm honest. Something you should try. Hung up. Block Lucia is number two. It's been a month now. Bella's only fans never recovered. Last I heard, through Dante, she's back living with her parents, working part-time at a different clinic. No more content creation. Her family's in therapy. Vincent especially. The traditional Italian father couldn't handle his perfect daughter being a sex worker. Maria still texts me occasionally says she misses me. Wishes things were different. I miss her too, but not enough to accept what Bella did. The wedding vendors all sided with me once they heard the story. Got most deposits back. The few I lost. Worth it for dodging that bullet. Started dating again. Very clear on date one. I don't date content creators. Some call me judgmental. That's fine. My preference, my choice. The irony kills me. Bella was right. Her body, her choice. But she forgot choices have consequences. And others get choices, too. She chose to lie, hide, deceive, and gaslight. I chose honesty, transparency, and self-respect. She chose temporary money over permanent trust. I chose to walk away rather than accept betrayal. her body, her choice, my life, my choice. And I choose not to marry someone who films adult content with other men in secret while telling me she's at work. Wild standard, I know. Final thought, if you're doing Only Fans, that's your choice. But be honest with partners. They deserve the choice, too. Consent matters in relationships, not just content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kijikarichardson5407 [2 likes]: Why hide it? Tell the truth and go from there.
  2. @familydramatalesbyar [2 likes]: Brutal move, but she had it coming. Total betrayal deserves exposure.
  3. @65cmsmith: So is prostitution

- From a Successful ONLYFANS Couple To a Tragic MURDERCASE!: Kind: captions Language: en in a world where social media often portrays the perfect picture a chilling tale of managers that exposes the hidden reality of a seemingly idyllic relationship behind the filters and smiles lies a story of violence deception and a desperate 9-1-1 call from Instagram Aesthetics to police interrogations discover the shocking Journey that unravels when an only fans models call for help leads to a web of contradictions secret recordings and a medical examiner's Revelation that changes everything above me like [Music] you like me can I just talk I mean I have I have this happened and I wish in the spring of 2022 a distressing 9-1-1 call reached the Miami Police Department a frantic voice on the other end of the line pleaded for help stating that her boyfriend was dying the victim was identified as 27 year old Christian Toby obamacelli Farm bleeding profusely from a brutal stab wound to the chest the incident shed lights on a disturbing relationship that unfolded behind closed doors implicating Courtney klenny and only fans model as a potential murderer the whole situation happened and I haven't talked to anybody who needs anything okay well you know what I um but before I talk to you guys why can't I trust him before him well because I I would like to understand what's what's going on I know but like if I say hey is it cool if I sign a constitutional rights waiver because when my boyfriend a troubled relationship unveiled Christian Toby and Courtney clenny's relationship may have seemed like dilic on social media but their life together was far from harmonious though they projected an image of love their private life was mad by violent confrontations police records indicate that officers have been called to their apartment multiple times due to their aggressive fights the culmination of these arguments took place in April 2022 leaving Toby near death an Erie 911 call during the 911 desperately reported that her boyfriend was dying providing crucial information for the responding officers upon arriving at the apartment they discovered pools of blood and Toby cleaning to life while Courtney maintained her innocence evidence from the crime scene and Toby's injuries raised suspicions oh my God I haven't touched my ankle with like wet slides like I just wanted to just want to take a shower God this is absolutely the most insane [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I think I've ever been in London I think that anybody I think if anybody okay you said have you made a report before uh no you've never made a report oh I did and I did in Dallas actually about a year ago lobby but it wasn't like a big deal and they made it a huge deal or something which I don't think it was like yeah and then also I I've been arrested for it as well the interrogation currently was subjected to a five hour long interrogation where she initially portrayed herself as a victim of self-defense she recounted a series of aggressive encounters assessing that Toby had choked her on multiple occasions forcing her to defend herself her emotional state and narrative appeared to sway the detective's Judgment causing them to believe her version of events overhead oh just flung it over your head or from like like this we have something like beside your head yeah so not like okay like I'm holding it like this this is not the night that ride the blade all right I'm not I just for dang sure did not that would be insane I mean I didn't even think that this would touch him emerging contradictions as the investigation unfolded a series of contradictions and evidence started to challenge Courtney's narrative security footage showed the couple's violent interactions in public and Toby's secret recordings should Courtney's aggressive behavior involving broken glass and aggressive language painted a different picture of their relationship like oh my God God forbid I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose Christian like I'm so okay with like us breaking up it's point right now obviously whatever I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but God forbid anything happens God forbid um so yeah I just like you just starting to lay down and that was mistake please as much Christian please don't do this please Open Your Eyes Open Your Eyes by his mom and his grandma and it just felt like it felt like everybody was in it every second was like a freaking minute because I was like really he was born he told me to put pressure I'm just like a freaking idiot so I'm like trying to keep him upright because he keeps trying to lay down I mean I'm thinking blood flow right he's like you don't want to lay down if you're losing blood that's what I would think and these things put put pressure on it so I don't remember what I got but I got something and I actually put it on it and it was like the whole thing you have any answer to lay down so let's try to hold him up no and I thought about oh my God I thought about this while you guys were outside I was thinking why did it why did it start like why did it start bleeding so so much because it's like you know I'm I'm thinking maybe here I don't know like if it was really peep or not I don't know if it just hit everything came out or if he grabs it because I almost got a little irritated with him while we're out there because I was like I swear this is freaking rule number one if you watch Game of Thrones or anything else you're gonna anything you have something and you typically you don't pull it out right I mean y'all wouldn't know about anything I do so I kind of got a little irritated because I was like I was just assuming to me you know your uh the truth revealed the Turning Point came when a medical examiner confirmed that the knife win Toby suffered was inconsistent with Courtney's claim of self-defense the expert testified that the nature of the injury suggested it was not caused by a front knife but rather by a direct assault this Revelation casts significant doubt on Courtney's story and painted her as the aggressor rather than the victim foreign so they want to make sure that they have a photo I think from your social media they just want you to identify okay yeah and I told honestly I said I don't have a problem with that you know I mean this is not a uh who's step Christian case this is you know we know what happened uh well we know part of what happened so so much better once they just say stable yeah because I've been asking I've been asking um so so we have to inform you that Christian did not make it fortunately the doctors did what they could Christian is dead facing justice as of the present Courtney clenny is awaiting trial for second-degree murder the mounting evidence against her points to a tragic tale of domestic violence that culminated in a deadly encounter while the case continues to unfold in court it serves as a chilling reminder of the complexities and Hidden Truths that can lie beneath the surface of seemingly perfect relationships thanks for watching see you next time

- things I've learned from dating billionaires: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi besties my name is nasta Swan and welcome to my channel you can hate me you can love me but it doesn't change the fact that I've only dated billionaires and I've never had many relationships in my life but all my previous relationships were with very powerful men and today I want to get real about something we all thought about is dating wealthy men you'd think that being ridiculously beautiful is enough for these men to fall Head Over Heels right well that's that's wrong trust me I've learned so many lessons and so many things from these men and I'm here to share them to help my girls I need you to understand that beauty opens doors but it doesn't make someone stay these men meet gorgeous women every single day they can have anyone they want just like that but what kind of woman makes a difference it's that woman that makes her appearance and her beauty the least interesting thing about her right now open your ears and here's a list of things that will make you stand out from any stunning woman and will make all the best men in the world be obsessed with you would want you to be next to them you ready thing number one is to be honest and to stay always humble regarding their money these men will always be with a woman who helps them save their money not spend their money because every single person around them is trying to take their money away from them and if you're someone who knows how to count the money and who knows the value of the money doesn't matter if it's $100 if it's a, ,000 you know the True Value and how hard it is to make the money they will never let you go I mean there's so many women on the internet teaching you that your men has to spoil you if they have a lot of money they should invest in you they have to dress you head to toe the love is like all these bags cars and apartments I'm not going to be one of these people because the men that I've dated they don't even mess with that what I've learned is that men don't owe us anything they don't have to buy us stuff they don't have to provide they don't have to buy us gifts and stuff they do it because they're in love with us because of their generosity because of their nature but the most important thing is that they don't have to but when you treat them as a walking wallet and you expect stuff from them they will treat you like another the moral of the story is that when they give and you only take take take they will stop giving they are not dumb these men are the smartest men in the world because look what they've built for themselves if you show them love love and appreciation no matter the lifestyle if you show them that you can love them with the money and without the money they will give you the world babe if these wealthy guys find a woman who can see their soul and fall in love with the little boy that they truly are they will spoil you as much as they can because they see that you see a person in them not a sponsor not a wallet so if you truly want to be with a wealthy guy and have magical life you have to fall in love with the person I'm sorry thing number two is to be kind to everyone not just people around you when you're in good conditions when you're in like Rich hotels and private planes and on the boat and you're treating everyone nice but to every single person people who work on the gas station people who serve you at the restaurant people who clean your rooms and just people on the street treats if you show your men that you can treat people based on their heart and how they treat you not based on their social economic status he will fall in love with you like crazy unfortunately it's so rare to find people who are kind in this world being kind is free it seems like the easiest thing in the world right but for some reason it's not and it breaks my heart when I'm surrounded by very successful wealthy people and I attend these parties and expensive dinner and they treat staff and people around them so unkindly I literally walk away one time I had an argument with a very famous person when I see that kind of behavior I don't care who you are I will put you on your place because you never know the person's story you never know what they went through and just because you're wealthy it doesn't allow you it doesn't give you an opportunity to treat people lower than you are and I truly believe that being kind is a skill yes 1% of the world are born with a kind big hard because they grew up in a healthy household but for most of the people it's a choice it's a skill when you wake up and you choose to be kind to people you choose to be kind to yourself you choose to surround yourself with kindness and the hardest part is that it doesn't matter how tough your life becomes how many lessons you're learning how many people let you down or made you feel upset you just don't close your heart you keep it open because life doesn't happen against you it happens for you being a woman who is down to earth who is grounded who is grateful for everything she has no matter what today she's on a private plane and tomorrow she's riding a Subway she's the same person she doesn't change and she treats people nicely that's not a woman that's a diamond Okay the third quality the most important one is a peace of mind a calm woman a woman who can create peace at home think about it all these men they are so stressed with their work on a daily basis I remember my exes every single day phone calls Zoom calls emergencies everyone's calling everyone's trying to pitch something propose something take their money away every single day it's a craziness and to be able to stay resilient to it and to stay calm is not easy but when they have a woman next to them who is calming them down who brings them back to peace who is at peace herself who is slowed down she has a calm voice a woman that is a cup of of hot milk with honey and butter and women are also not born like that it's a skill do you understand that the most powerful women they work on their state of mind every single day have you heard about meditations have you heard about yoga have you heard about all these female energy practices and things that ground you and that bring you back to your Center that's their biggest priority have you heard about Gizelle bunching being so successful at 2122 but she struggled with with all these anxieties and she thought that she's going to literally die but then she started doing yoga and meditation and started caring about what she eats because all this is just an appearance but what happens inside and how you feel inside that's what matters because think about it if you're literally the most stunning most beautiful woman in the world but it's hard to be with you you're always stressed you're always worried like you have these anxieties and panic attacks if you constantly create drama and your energy is just off nobody would want to be around you not just men your family your friends your work's going to struggle because everything is energy because it's energy that you radiate attracts people into your life not your looks babe and it's so so sad that most of the beautiful women because I've seen them I've been around them they feel so privileged that they treat people not nice that they're mean and there's nothing more disgusting Than a Woman who puts people down and a man too just remember if you're making men's life more difficult not easier they won't be with you they have so many problems themselves they don't need another problem they need someone who's going to help them make their life easier thing number four is being intelligent and being thirsty for knowledge ambitious hungry for achievement for learning something for sharing something because it's so sexy I've heard so many times from my men wow I'm so proud of you because you're so young and you're building your career you're unstoppable you're always ambitious you're always doing something it is so attractive because when you're like that they also see themselves in you when you have dreams and goals it is so attractive for them maybe you will never make as much money as they make and it's not about that it's not about the competition it's not about competing with your partner but just being busy with your life and showing your partner naturally that listen it doesn't matter if I have you in my life or I'm single I will still build my life I will still have something on my own because it's important for me to express myself to try myself to try my opportunities what am I about what can I achieve in this life yes when you date a wealthy man you can relax and literally not work some of them will provide you with everything but one day you have him another day you don't what are you going to do and think about yourself would you want to have a partner next to to you who has no goals who doesn't work who doesn't do anything who doesn't want anything who's satisfied with their level and doesn't want to grow that is just not cool so please have a dream because it's something that will make you want to wake up in the morning it's something that will make you feel alive make you feel needed and wanted in this world trust me when your partner is succeeding and growing and you're just stagnating and not growing one day he will lose interest with you because he's already here and you're still here and it's not about the money you can be at home all day long but just reading books and learning something being passionate about style or fashion or art I don't know if you have an opportunity if he can help you go get a degree in something just because you're interested but don't stay the same grow and thing number five that will make you stand out from any other woman is confidence and adequate ability to stand up for yourself AKA as knowing your boundaries there are so many pretty women in this world that are so insecure and Men literally use them and abuse them how they want because they know that they're so insecure they brainwashed them into thinking that they're nothing without them and their self-esteem goes so low and you literally look at them and you're like girl look at yourself in the mirror but confidence is another skill that you're not born with you go to the gym to train your muscles same thing with confidence it's a skill you build it every single day by doing things that make you a little bit more confident but you have to understand one thing with billionaires or not billionaires literally any men they will test you they will test you and try to cross your boundaries especially in the beginning of the relationship they will like Press buttons uhhuh okay here she reacted here she didn't react here she spent my money here she didn't here she showed her real self as they should and you should test them in a smart way but we women are so connected to our gut and to our body in general when your body tells you that you feel uncomfortable that you feel anxious anxiety is like the number one signal that something is going wrong that you not in the right place right now you have to pay attention when you're anxious and you're ignoring your anxiety especially when you're next to men you're going to be even more anxious get ready when your body is telling you something when you're shaking when you're like stiff and uncomfortable please baby girl trust your feelings it will save you so many times and it will protect you from so many different situations because the only person that will never leave you the only person that will never ever ever let you down is you and with any man you can always stop and say this I know you mean well but I need to set some boundaries to feel comfortable or you can always say listen I care about our relationship but it's important for me to be honest about my limits and my feelings if he cares about you he will stop he will understand he's not a good person run doesn't matter how much money he has run faster now at the end of the day yes money is fun but if you're in a golden cage you're not going to be happy all these things that he's going to buy for you they're going to mean nothing watches bags clothes designer stuff you're going to have it all but you're going to be so miserable because you're lying to yourself and you're letting down the most important person in your life and you know this which is you babe at the end of the day billionaire or not a billionaire we all are people we all have traumas we have a heart we have problems we have feelings emotions and if you learn to be a woman that you yourself would fall in love with you will have any men you want I promise you will not need to look for men you will have hundreds of them around you wanting to marry you because unfortunately we live in a world where it's so rare to find the real one the last advice I'm going to give you don't focus on finding a billionaire focus on being a woman that this billionaire would want to marry well that's it for today I hope you guys enjoyed this video thank you so so much for getting ready with me and staying till the end of this video I truly appreciate every and each one of you if you have ideas for next videos if you want me to talk about something in my next videos please comment below let me know the topics that you want me to discuss let me know what you think about this video and I promise I'll see you guys very soon and remember I can hear you today is your day he

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajibdeka2207 [2 likes]: I date billionaires...."I am just a whore"😂
  2. @JoshuaKinene-p7i [1 likes]: Hae
  3. @Worldwidetrader [1 likes]: This lady is full of crap!
  4. @nishantahvan [1 likes]: More like sugar baby with all the services 😂
  5. @КираДиментьева: Thank you!💖
  6. @mirandalumiere8980: I understand the person in video dated several billionaires. So why did these relationships not last if they are so great? Is it not the goal of dating to find a life partner? She dated them but then what happened? Why did they not stay with her? Ok and also the adivse is how to please the billionaire and to stay on his good side. How about these billionaires are just another Homo Sapiens who got lucky bcs of circumstances. No person can make billions without the good luck, favorable circumstances but also being quite a ruthless person with narcissistic tendencies. No kind hearthed empathetic person can become billionaire in this materialistic world, his/her consciousness would get on the way. Also the billionaires only want young pretty women. They wont give two sents about your human content. If you are a woman over "certain age" - even if you are a woman of their own age - they wont even look towards you.  And as for this video creator - the billionaires only will date you until you are relatively young. Just wait until you cross over certain age bracket and you will see how these billionaires think.
  7. @saralbruno: I do not belong in this algorithm! 😂
  8. @yatharthsaini4311: This girl has been in a relationship before, so she obviously won't be a virgin. Now she wants a new guy to marry her—probably a billionaire. But what does she bring to the table? Why would he marry her just to deal with her past baggage?
  9. @cutehamstersreal: “I know you mean well” you just saved my future
  10. @MsAnaViolin: What about if a man is relying on you to calm him down and sooth him,  but you are scared because he is aggressive?
  11. @LoisM1965: Yoga is DEMONIC ....if you don't believe me look it up.
  12. @braoha123: This is just good advice in general
  13. @Badkarma801: Billionaire here. Billionairs develop a certain filter towards women that are sincere or just after their money. Period. Are you not in for him, forget about it, just millionairs fall for that and only for a little while.
  14. @Stephanie-di7qy: Yoga is completely demonic. Please research its origins. If you believe in the God of the bible, stay away from these practices they do not glorify God. Adonai 🙏
  15. @IvanS-n5f: every fucking person has an opinion nowdays
  16. @Moa-u7f: "Be the billionaire you want to see in the world."
  17. @toadman5184: Is this a joke?
  18. @bronzeburrey8790: Not trying to add race but what kind of billionaire?
black,asian,white etc
  19. @Stephen_Conquer: She is right 100%, we are not walking free atm machine, we are fkn humans.
  20. @bdcochran01: Male.  Dated a number of wealthy women.  Sorry, didn't learn anything from dating them.  Never asked  them money as well.  They were simply people.

- Financial Audit’s Biggest Gold Digger: Kind: captions Language: en Financially we are. No, I don't think financially we're if it's so easy then why are we here? I guess we're near the breaking point. I guess what we're not we are at the breaking point. It's so fixable though. Bull. You have $100 in your checking account. But you're still buying stuff that we do not need constantly. Who wouldn't want more of their money to spend or to control in the way that they want it? You are not seeing the alarm sound like he is. Yes. I don't know about that. Download my budgeting app today and take control of your money once and for all. And for a limited time only, sign up for the annual version of Premium and get my cookbook and notebook signed and mailed directly to you. Link in the description and pin comment below. Hi, I'm L. I'm 31. And I'm Paul and I'm 38. And we're from San Antonio. And this is Financial Audit. Thanks for coming up from San Antonio, guys. I really appreciate it. L, you're in front of me. Let's start with you. What do you do for a living? Um, I'm a student. Uh, I just barely graduated from UTSA. Barely? Yeah. Well, December as in Okay, so you're not that you almost failed, but that Oh, no. Sorry. No, no, no. I recently graduated. What did you graduate with? I have a bachelor of biology. Very good. What are we going to do? December. So, it's been a second. It's been about 5 months. Yes. So, I want to become a physician assistant. Um, so I'm applying over the summer to physician assistant programs, but I'm currently expensive. Currently a master's student, but it starts in June for another program. I got accepted separate. Yeah, I'm doing um Okay, so it's really competitive physician assistant. Only like 13% of the people get accepted and so I thought to be more competitive I would get a second master's degree. A second master's degree. You have another master's degree. Well, no, I'm I just got accepted into uh HSC which is based out of Fort Worth, Texas and it's a masters of lifestyle sciences and health coaching. Okay, why not just pick up a lot of hours at hospitals and different things, doing a lot of things. Someone I know I knew that was going into physician assistant school, just work just grinding at hospitals, is working nights, all these things, picking up those hours, and that was really helping her application to get in. Uh, I did consider endless school. Well, not endless, but I actually have a lot of experience in the medical field. I've been in it since I was 16, and I was in the Navy for six years, and I was a hospital coordinator. So, was undergrad paid for? Yes, totally paid for. So, there's no student loans even though I have a massive fat stack of debt. So, the fact that it's not student loans is extra worrying. What do you do, Paul? Uh, I am in the Navy. Uh, about to retire. Oh, really? Y very good. What does income look like right now? Well, he makes 3600 twice a month and I make 4750. So, together we bring in around 11 or 12,000. How are you making money? Oh, I'm a VA disability with dependence. We have two kids, right? Okay. 4,700 twice a month. No, I make 4,700 once a month and he makes 3,600 twice a month and it equals between 11 and 12. Are you going to get disability, too? Oh, yes, I will. There is not a single veteran that has come on the show that does not just get endless money for the rest of their life with disability. It breaks your body. It really does. I'm old. I've done a lot. I'm a police officer for the Navy, so I've done a lot of hardworking stuff throughout the throughout the time, uh, which I'm just I got issues all around. Um, but even people that just served for like three years and they just sat on a base, they get it. Like there has not been one single person on this entire show that doesn't get thousands of dollars for the rest of their life. I think it's like 5% of our budget now. It's something crazy. This is disabilities forever. Well, they serve their country and they probably have earned it. It's disability. Yeah, I get that. But there's things that when you serve your country and you break your body or you can't I totally agree. I'm saying every single person that has ever been on this show who has literally just sat at a base and did nothing. And I also I know a lot of them. Yes. They will be able to claim some stuff. Yes. I'm not saying if you go get hurt or anything like I think that's why it's there, right? Yes. Right. That's what it's intended for. That's what it's intended for. But Okay. So, we're making 11,900 right now. Okay. What are you going to be making in retirement? Um about Yeah, a little bit. No, a little bit less than that cuz I'm going to have my retirement pay uh for after, you know, 21 years. I'll have also the disability. We don't know what that's going to look like. The goal obviously in the the prayer is the 100% disability. Um that will bring in the same amount as her. Uh and then the retirement will be a good chunk. So we're looking at about similar to what we make now. Yeah. 6,000 in probably a year. I'm sorry, a month. A month. Okay. So, and that's just just by retirement purposes. So when when does that come in? So, we'll go from 11,900 to 10,700. When does that uh 290 days I retire? Uh, so February. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Very cool. Very cool. So, we have a little bit of time with a little higher income. Yep. Uh, okay. Okay. So, what's going on? Cuz this is an incredibly strong income. Incredibly strong income. And you just get to go to school and have this income. So, incredibly strong income. Uh, why are we struggling so much? What the possible is happening? What is going on here? I feel like I have two halfway reasonable people in front of me. That's what's going on. Um, well, I think we just have some bad spending habits and I think I think the mentality that partly got us here has just been like if we can afford the payment, we can take on the debt. Like when it comes to cars or So, is this getting minimum payments forever? Yeah, we do. I literally have a spending category called miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's things that just do not improve life. It's just random swipes. It is nothing. It's not fast food, but it could be a video game. It could be whatever. I don't know. I haven't gone through. I go through and blind with the audience. But this is the pre-work that uh my team has done. That was $4,137 within a month. Just miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That is not going out to eat, by the way, which there is an additional lot of money which we'll go into for that. And then other things we we prioritize fun. Yeah, we do. We have two children. They're young. So, you know, creating memories. We are creating memories, but they're costing us. What are the ages of the kids? Seven and eight. We have a daughter who's eight and a son who's seven. Now, let me ask you this. We've talked about the military disability, right? And I'm not saying it's something that shouldn't exist for obviously people that need it and have earned it, but of course we know there there is probably abuse as well. Uh which has certainly been shown on this show. However, that being said, do we think we probably feel if I'm adding all this up minimum $67,000 on bull? Do we think we probably feel like we can just go do that on a monthly basis cuz you know this is going to come in no matter what you do in your life, no matter what. You can go do anything. You can go fail out of college. You can do whatever and you will get this money. And because of this social safety net, because of this thing that is just there for you no matter what, we're just like, "Oh, let's just go blow all of our money because it's basically a retirement forever. You never have to think. You can just around." And we have uh we've actually we've come out of debt twice. Um really? Yes. This video is sponsored by Aura. And before you skip, you might want to see the crazy stuff that I just found out. Want to see something crazy? I just Googled you. Is this your address? Wait, what is your number? Dude, where are you finding all of this out? Yeah, I hack anything. It's all out there due to hackers. It's all public. It is terrifying how easy it is to find someone's private info, like home addresses, phone numbers, and even emails, just by searching. These data broker sites collect your personal info, package it up, and sell it to literally anyone. Marketers, scammers, even identity thieves, all without your consent. And it's all legal, by the way. And sure, technically, you can ask them to take it down, but they bury that process under a mountain of legal hoops so that you'll give up. Or you can do what I do and use Aura, which is the sponsor of this video. Aura automatically finds where your info is exposed and sends opt- out requests for you. There's no paperwork, no nonsense. They tell you if anyone tries to use this information to access your credit or bank accounts. But Aurora doesn't stop there. It scans the dark web for your info, alerts you if someone's trying to open up a credit line in your name, and even protects you with up to $5 million in identity theft insurance. Yeah, that's $5 million. And a 24/7 fraud tame in the United States to back you up. They even include a worldclass VPN so you can browse and shop privately no matter where you are. Or it protects your identity, your finances, and your peace of mind. And you can go to my link at orura.com/hammer to try 14 days for free. That's enough time for Aura to start scrubbing your personal info off these data broker sites automatically. Seriously, go search yourself before someone else does. Yeah, we've managed to come out of debt over the last 10 years. We've been married for 10 years. 10 years. Um so over that that time frame, we've come out of debt twice, paid off everything. Uh you know, once with children, once without children. What was payoff? Tell me tell me how that looked. Um we were completely debtree. All of our cars were paid for. We didn't own a mortgage. We were renting at the time and we had no credit cards. That was the first time. Okay. And we did it through Dave Ramsey. The snowball effect kind of sound. How are we possibly in this position? Well, then we and then we had kids. We racked up a lot more debt. We went through again uh and got debtree. And then the big problem is that who was the debtree in that situation? How did we get debtree then? The second time we're not actually debtree. We did a debt consolidation through our home equity. Okay. So, debtree without the the cars and the and the mortgage. But it was a debtree move. It was it was a it was moving the debt somewhere was nice. Did we close the cards and everything after that? Meaning we moved the debt somewhere and then we built up the debt again. Right. That's exactly. When did we do that? That was in 2023. So like two years ago. Yeah. Okay. So we've accumulated this just a couple years. Yeah. Okay. And it's just through the experiences and I mean they are in the experience ages. A lot of people are like when they come on the show they're like I'm doing it for the experience but their kids like 2 three four and they're like okay you they're not even forming core memories. You actually are seven and eight. So I kind of understand that. But I mean making a super strong income. I mean let's be honest. Is that 11,900 what's hitting after taxes everything? Is that what's kind of settling in our account? That's I mean that's incredible. With that, we're talking $142,800 a year after taxes. You can live an incredible life in San Antonio, cheapest major city in Texas. You can live an incredible life on that. What kind of Why are we living a $250,000 lifestyle on that? Cuz you can still do great experiences on them. You got a great zoo, you got SeaWorld there, you got a lot of things. Then you got major metros. You can go everywhere. We don't need to be I don't know what you guys are doing, but what like why aren't we living what could be an incredible life off of this? And then just cabinet that cuz if you budget $142,000 net, you can still live I mean double the median household income for San Antonio if I had to guess. Just about maybe 33% higher. But even still like that's still great. So what are we doing? Well, one of our major expenses is our kids are in um sports and activities. That's how much gymnastics. My daughter's a gymnast. She it c well she does four different lessons a week. She has two group classes, two private lessons. Jeez. Okay. How much is that? So, 232 for the two group lessons and then a week or month. A month. Well, you can budget. You can afford that. That's simple. Easy. But then it's all the other stuff that my wife likes to buy the the at home. She has an at home gymnastics gym in our But that's one time, right? Well, yeah, it just cost a lot. How much How much does that cost? Keep building. It keeps building. Well, I'm I'm done now. I think I've put all the things in there that need to be in there. How much does it cost from zero to now? Well, each mat is a $100 and she's got about seven and then she has two bars, two beams, gunous thousand. Honestly, a couple thousand you can afford it over the course of a year or so. Like that's totally No, this was all within like 6 months. 6 months you can afford a couple thousand. That again, you really can. I I don't know what your life is. I mean, it's a lot. Uh your mortgage for taxes. Isn't that crazy? I don't know how you guys are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. Yeah, this is going to be like a science experiment to figure this one out cuz mortgage we're sitting at 213. Yeah. Yeah. That is not bad for this world. That is actually below the median purchase price for a home in the United States. You guys make again if we're thinking pre-tax well above you're double the median household income in the United States. How are weing this up? It is not a $2,000 thing over the course of six months. But what it could be are multiple $2,000 things over the course of six months. Stack stack. Stack stack. back forever. Yes. Well, I also think like um once you start Well, you know this cuz you're a financial expert, but you Well, I mean, I just got out of debt, but I mean, congratulations to you. No, I'm I'm saying I'm not a licensed financial expert. I am someone who got out of really bad debt, accumulated a quarter million net worth before I started my show. Like, yes. But I want to be clear, there is no license, but there isn't needed for this kind of conversation. I just was going to say I think the interest once you get to really high debt really starts adding up and I think like the inflation with the economy um that's also had an impact on us and then inflation report just came out today it was 2.4%. What are you talking about? Well like things just sort of cost more than they used to if you they always will. Inflation always exists forever. You don't want deflation or stagnation. But like our income inflation is 2.4% right now. What are we had a bad inflation report in a year and a half. What are we talking about? I was just going to say like we make the same amount of money and even though it's like steadily like same amount of money since when? Since what your disability hasn't been I got out in 2018 and it's yeah pretty much been the same. I mean maybe been the same. I mean a little increase. What's the increase? What percentage increase? I don't know. Maybe one% every year. I don't know. I don't remember what it was. Oh come on. If we're talking inflation at 2.4% you think they usually do like the social security increase every few years or so. I mean they kind of boosted near inflation levels pretty close. I mean depending you know sometimes it it's a little sometimes. Do you have all the information on inflation for the last like couple years or relatively? Yes. When it peaked inflation what 2023 we're at 9.4 but it was on a steady decrease all of 2024 2025 so far. Last year was the best year in S&P 500 history this millennium because inflation rates were going down and Fed was cutting rates which made debt more. I think I think in in general not just like inflation specifically is something item it is just overall in general all the items we do all the stuff we do consistently has been expensive cost more I mean that's how everything works forever except for TVs. Yeah. I mean everything goes up I mean the cost of everything goes up cost of your labor goes up. So the cost of expenses go up. It does, but we don't we don't plan for that kind of style. We just you don't plan for money going up, which is what it's always done since the history of money. Yeah. Who really plans for that though? Like we just didn't adjust our lifestyle. Are responsible. I don't know. I mean, you get again, I bet you've gotten an increase more than 1%. If if we're being real, I I don't I wish I I don't know. I don't pay attention. So, we know that inflation's bad, even though you don't know the percentage of what's actually happening, but you don't know what your income is. We know that the cost of things go up, but we don't know that our if our disability is going up. I know it increases every year. I just feel like, okay, feel. I don't care about feel. Budget. Why don't you budget? What do we budget? Do we budget? What's the conversation around finances in the household? We use uh we were using Excel spreadsheet to pay the bills which it can work and for a lot of people they prefer that but for most people honestly it doesn't work because it's so manual that it requires putting in the time putting in the work and sometimes putting in the time putting in the work is good cuz then you see the statements but the automated process of like a budgeting app is what is preferable I don't care if you use mine you can use any ones I prefer mine I prefer the simple one whatever that's fine but it's the automated like account connections and everything that is what is going to actually help versus you sitting down have to do it cuz we probably didn't stick to it, right? No. Exactly. And that's what always happens instead of just being able to open up and see like what is actually happening for the sake of the month. What are the conversations around money in this house? The conversations of finances within us is just all right, go buy it, buy it. Well, okay. It's not exactly Yeah. We we don't we don't have a Oh, we used to I think we used to a long time ago had a budget of if you're going to spend anything over $100, anything over $100 needs to be between you and I agreement. That was, you know, years ago before the kids. Um, and we haven't done that in a long time, but that was something we had that was going to be helpful. Now, she's, you know, she and I, I'll throw myself in there. She and I are buying whatever we want over $100 without, you know, asking or discussing it with someone. We're just doing it. Then afterwards, we're, hey, I bought this, you know, and I'm like, are you serious? Like, so what do we what do we do in those instances then? Forgetting and moving on. Why? But that doesn't produce anything going forward. Well, that that's not going to get us anywhere. No, but that's what we've been doing, you know. And and is it to avoid confrontation? No, I don't think so. Then what is it? I think what's the logic? Let's let's hear the logic. Like if I spend money on stuff for the kids, like clothes or activities or holidays, and he's aware, he knows it's happening. Yeah, he knows it's happening. Does he know how much? Is there a reflection? Do we sit down and discuss how much at some point? Yeah. No, it shows. It shows afterwards when the boxes show up at the house. Can you talk about the monetary amount? Oh, I do. Oh, I do. Oh, I do. We bought a new gym gym me or gym uh beam and thing that that was crappy, you know, and stuff like that. Uh got home and then we're not even going to use it and it was over $100, you know. So, you know, but we blame inflation instead of our inability to just have a conversation or sit down about it. Not I wouldn't say we don't blame. I say we included. She kind of did. She did. It's one of the factors I think. I think the bigger factor is uh you guys don't talk. No, we purchase. Oh, we don't talk before we purchase now. Yeah, I would say that's a little bigger of an impact. We talk after the purchases usually. But again, it's not always, you know, the best because like I'm like, you didn't need to buy that. You don't need to buy that. Oh, it's already bought. Well, that Where's the pants here financially? None of us. I think we're both spenders. We are. We're both spenders. One of the ways I'm a spender, but I also know how to budget. I allocate the amount of money that I'm allowed to spend. It's okay to be a spender. Just have any kind of knowledge into your financial situation. Again, I mean, just blaming inflation. It's our way out. It's actions for you. It's going to be actions more than anything. Again, literally this time last year to now 2.4%. Okay. I don't pay attention to I believe you. doesn't feel like that. But I believe you feel because you want to spend more if we're being honest, right? Well, yeah. You I mean, who wouldn't want more of their money to spend or to control in the way that they want it? But yeah, when you guys got together Mhm. the finances. Yeah. Was one of you one of you good? Both of you both of you good? What did it look like? What is this like the I want to see what you guys have been through in these 10 years financial related before we dive into this cuz I need to see who's where and what's happening. So we met when I was 19 he was 26 and we were both in the Navy. I don't need the love story but who's the where were you? So there's finances when we were there uh I had a lot of debt. I I I prior marriage, you know, obviously being in the Navy, you know, by myself first time, uh, living San Diego, going overseas, coming back to, you know, to the States, boys on the boat. Yeah. Um, lots of expensive purchases myself, you know, lots of things just to live, right? Um, so I racked up a lot of debt before I married her. Um, so did you know that? No. No. Really? No, I didn't. And and because I knew that I was about to go to overseas into the Middle East where I was going to make a lot more money. That's where the goal was to hopefully pay off the debt before um we were able to um live together again um after the marriage. Uh so she knew about a little bit, but she didn't know all of it. It wasn't like I was intentionally trying to hide all of it and stuff like that. I was just like, "Hey, let me let me let me pay off what I can then." So then so then I went overseas uh to Barn. I paid off $20,000 of the debt there, which was nice. Um, you know, so coming back together, I had still a little bit of of debt for myself still when we uh when we, you know, got to got to live together geographically together cuz I was in I was stationed in Spain and he was stationed in every thought about the debt when you heard the debt and how long the cuz obviously we learned that I mean we only paid off the debt not horribly long ago the first time so I'm assuming that part of the debt was some of it. Yeah. who's been the accumulator of debt in the relationship. Uh he came into the relationship with a lot of debt. Um but after we paid off that debt then probably maybe I've taken on more debt, but it's been pretty equal. I think we both have been, you know, spending a lot of the debt, putting everything in debt. Um however, I think it's been a lot more with the children. uh you know we can't blame the kids but no I'm not blaming the kids on but the thing is situation high income earning households they can get even more than low income earning households because you have the ability on paper to qualify for more debt and you'll get yourself in a position that is just absolutely then you're going to put your kids in a horrible situation. You want to give them the life now. You want them to give them the experiences now, but you are going to put them in a situation where they are only going to sue stress between mom and dad cuz mom and dad are finally going to have the conversation about money and it's going to go it's going to be a blow up because oh no, we can't pay our minimum payments this month. That's I don't think that's ever happened but happened. You're on the track to happening. I don't want that. I don't want I don't want the kids to be want to take out home equity loan to start paying off some debt or something. Good luck with where the market's been overall. Like you can only do that so many times. You would have to have a complete boom in the market to be able to keep pulling. Yeah. So then where's like if we're maxing out our debt, debt to income's really bad, where's our exit from debt besides bankruptcy? At a certain point, it just becomes bankruptcy consolidation. We might not be able to apply. How are we getting out of debt? Um only more recently, I think he's been more on board about switching some of the lifestyle things. I think it's hard for both of us to like it just I think we both needed to be fair. Like if I'm getting rid of something, he has to get rid of something. And so just agreeing on what to cut. What's your fun? What's your fun? Yours is the gymnastic whatever. What's your fun? It's my daughters. Your your fun is spoiling the kids. What's your fun? Uh I I'm a collector. I collect collecting a lot of different things. Uh I go through phases. Um, so I've done movies, DVDs for the longest time when when they were still making DVDs and stuff like that. So I have a very large collection of that. Uh, then who's who's more motivated motivated to get out of debt? Me probably. Probably her. Why wouldn't you be motivated? I mean, we're reaching retirement. I'm motivated. I'm motivated. I just I Why do you see her being more versus you? I'm leading the conversation of fixing our finances. Yeah, but your conversation is only postspending. I think I think there, you know, there there needs to be a lot of stuff that she needs to stop doing and spending on and I need to stop spending on. What would you say she needs to stop spending on? Oh, uh clothes. Um or uh you know things for the kids that that are not needed birthdays, um Christmases. Um I was trying to get things on sale like and then I don't know if you go to shopping centers in December, they're insane. They're so packed. There's nothing left on. What do you think he should start selling on? Um, maybe like eBay, all of like the old military memorabilia. Um, all right. Well, let's see where the spending is, guys. I'm going to go 3 2 1 go. At the at the same time on go, I want you to give me what you think your household financial score is. 0 to 10, 10 being the best, zero being the worst. Okay, just where you think you are in the world of finances. Okay, 3 2 1 Three. Okay. If you want to see where you stand, take the assessment, you can go to calehammer.com or click that link in the description below. And you can come sit across from me in this table by going to calehammer.com/apply. Don't forget, if you don't want to be like any kind of guest on this show, all you have to do is download my budgeting app. And for those who sign up for the annual version, I'll sign our cookbook that can't be purchased anywhere else, and I'll send it directly to your door. Navy Federal, no surprise. So, what is going on with this card, guys? Is it I think the first one's mine, right? P. Oh my me. The one that's basically maxed out at $24,6843. Yeah, that's what the insane balance. What are we doing? Um, that's an insane balance. That's a disgusting balance with the $1,757.25 of purchases while only making the minimum payment. If we could only make the minimum payment, it's basically max out interest is occurring. We can't pay it off to save our life. Why the are we purchasing $1,757 on here of all places? Why? Why? Oh, come on. You seem like the reasonable one. You're the one that wants to get out of debt. You're the one that's pushing the household forward. You're the one that's starting the conversations, but you're also the one that's going to go blow up this card and purchase thousands of dollars on a card that can't be paid off that is acrewing interest. My son's birthday was last year. Oh, for sake. And parties I do. I want him to have a college fund. I want him to not have to go save mommy and daddy. When mommy and daddy can't keep a roof over their head when he's in his young adulthood and has to all of a sudden sacrifice. Come on. We've seen this happen in life. I've seen people come on the show who are the parents that the kids have to help. I've seen people who are the kids that have to help the parents. It's a birthday. We can do young kids, right? I don't have one. Okay. But young kids, we all we all know young kids, you can do without it being bougie and crazy and they will still love it. Okay. I mean, we're talking teenagers when they start to be like, um, what the Okay, so it's like, sure. Well, I I think that definitely snuck up on us that, you know, all of the payments stuff because we we didn't plan for we what what snuck up with it, our birthday, the charges, the payments. No, just whatever. Just buying whatever. This is a purchase 7,757 to maxing out the car. How did that sneak up on us? I don't know. How could that That's not a sneak up. That's not a sneak up. What do we mean sneak up? This isn't It's not Al Qaeda come behind you. This is what the I just I just think that with all this stuff, we the way we live and the way we do it is that we have our our main debit card that we use, right? That we purchase everything. We get paid on that one. I get paid twice, you know, a month. She gets paid once a month. We use that money. Once it's gone, we switch to our our credit cards and that include that's whatever you know. Oh, hey, I got to get gas now cuz we're down to $100 left in our bank account. No, you guys do not get down to $100 in your bank account with your income. We have to What are we We have We have all these bills. If you look at that, there's a lot of If we have all the bills and we're not having birthdays. We are having birthdays. No, no. We're going to McDonald's. We are going to McDonald's for for for the birthday. And that's the one thing we're doing that month that year. Yes. If we have bills that we can't pay and we have $100 in our check account. No, every year the thing is every year she wants to have one child have a a good birthday, right? One child we select who? No, it's rotates between the children. Okay. And one child gets to have a birthday of something extra party whatever it is gets to have a family. So this year my son he took his three best friends to uh an entertainment place. All right. And we had to pay all that stuff there. All right. And that is more important than the household stability of our financial situation for the sake of their future. No, I just don't think we we in we thought about it. We didn't include it. We just said we just did it. Okay. Bull. You have $100 in your checking account. Feel you can't feel $100 in her checking account. I'm going to Okay. Our house is stable for living and family and stuff like that. What she's talking about? She's talking finances. That's what you're talking about finances. She's not talking about finances. Yes, I am. Financial stable. Okay. We're not. This is my opinion is that we have money coming in every single month stable income that you can expect. I'm no I'm not saying that the spending is stable but the income that's what it is. That's the problem, right? The the income is coming in. Yes, I I understand that, babe. But you have the problem for us is that that when we do it, we spend that money. That is not stable. Okay. Well, agree to disagree. Okay. We agree to disagree. So that's why he's here. That's why we're here now because we it's not a dis agree to disagree. How could you disagree with that? Hey Pooky, our Memorial Day sale is happening right now and it's your shot to grab some of the tools you need to own your financial future. Yeah. And for 10 short days May 23rd through midnight on June 2nd, every single one of our classes is discounted. Pick any individual course and slash 20% off. Just $157 each. Or you could go allin with the complete master your money bundle and save $237 at 30% off. So you can secure the core four courses at a massive discount. And inside you'll find step-by-step lessons on budgeting, crushing debt, and beginner to advance investing. Everything you need to start making smarter money moves today. And this deal disappears the moment the clock hits midnight on June 2nd. Click the link in the description below. Lock in those Memorial Day savings before they're gone. Take control of your financial future today. See you in the classes. You're saying that financially we're instable even though we're making all the payments. Girl, your debt's going out. I'm going I'm making your payments because in order to purchase the things you want in in order to make the payments, I will give you an example. May I May I draw this for you? May I draw something? I I'm going to have a little drawing exercise, you know. Let's go back. We have a tough camera now. Hello, Tough camera. Okay. Let's say this is our income. Okay. Okay. Let's say that and let's say this part's our min payments. Okay. So, this is our minimum payments. In order to make that and maybe let's say we're making that, I don't know. Well, let's go through. But you still want to like uh you spend the entire party chart even though these are minimum payments. How how do we do that? How how do we spend the the the full column? Well, we spend the full column. No, no, no, no. How do we spend the full column? How do we do that? How do we make that work if we want to spend this much? But we also have to unfortunately allocate that much to minim. How do we do that? I don't have the answer. That's why. Well, the answer is we take this amount of spending right here and we put it on credit cards cuz if you put this amount of spending that is needed to go to minimum payments, but we want to spend it on fun. You spend it on fund here. You spend it on fun on the credit cards in order to make the minimum payment. If you were not spending on credit cards, you could not make your minimum monthly payments. If you did the same amount of spending you did on the debt, like on the credit cards that went up that you made minimum payment on that push to the max. If you put this on checking, you could not make minimal payments. You're only able to feel like you make the bills paid because you put fun on credit cards. Okay, that's true. That's true. So, how are we financially stable? I feel like we're going into debt. We are that we are. We're not finally we're not financially stable. Well, okay. I still disagree. I do feel like we are financially stable. But I do hear where you're coming from. Oh my god. No. Okay. Well, sir, we have a financial insurgency happening. Put it down. I mean, I just the the fact of the matter is is we both live way without our our means. We have a lot of fun. We pay a lot of money towards fund whether it be on the credit card or whether it be a debit card. I don't think we have a stable process to do anything. We just say, well, everything's on autoay and it comes out of our debit. Bills are on autopay. It is which which is okay. That's that. But what I'm talking about like just in general anything we do with the groceries, the gas, the the traveling, the whatever we're doing. All right. Now, I will tell you I will tell you there there is a lot of times when we are we are one one parent is with one child at their activity, one parents the other parents with the other child at the other activity. So we're not even together for you know dinner time. We're not together to do a lot of stuff. So we're spending double the amount of stuff things going through that. You know that that happens a lot too. Um there's a lot of things that come to that come into fruition for us that we just end up going, "All right, just put on the green card. Put it on the green card." All right, let me ask a question. We know what your income is, right? 1,900. And that's basically what we saw last month. All right. Yeah, actually basically identical. Yep. Uh what do you think was spent on mine or his? Nope. Household. Oh, what was spent in a month? Yep. In the most recent month, I would say price. For the statements that we have 14,000 M okay. And you 14 like total for the whole month like how much is coming out? We Oh, we get 11,000. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, 12ish,000 is coming in. Yeah. Well, it's over it's over 11,000. I'll give you it's like 13,000. If you are the disagreeer, how is that considered financially stable? If we're spending let's you said 14,000. If we're spending 14,000 making 11,900 12,000 let's say how is that financially stable? It's not financially smart, but it is stable as long as you can make payments. That's not st No, no, no. I need to correct this mindset because it's dangerous for the future. It is not stable if our debt is just building building cuz then it gets to a point where all of a sudden the dam breaks. Okay. And we've been there. That's why we That's why And that's when you did the consolidation cuz it got to the breaking point. We've never been to the breaking point. I don't know what you mean by that. The break the breaking point is the way that we have been like all the money that's been accumulating over everything. Well, okay. I think we are to the point the fact that I'm have almost maxed out my credit card and we don't have No, it's it's at max. I mean, come on. You you can go get a couple fries from McDonald's, but it's max, right? Well, and you've raised I guess we're near the breaking point, I guess, but I don't know. I don't What? We're not. No, no, we are at the breaking point. Big. Okay. We are at the breaking point. That's why we're here now to try to hopefully get a a grasp. Yeah, I do want to make changes. We need to make major changes. We need to make a lot of changes, but we are at that point right now that we are literally needing to do this because we do not we can't live. We're living outside of our our payments. I agree. Okay. That is not financially stable. Well, I just came from a really uninstable financially instable household and so to me this is fantastic. Financially stable. No, that's great. No, this is you know what that should do. I came from a financially stable household. foreclosure notices. You know what that did? That made me get my together. Why would you seeing financially unstable mean? Let's replicate that for my children. I think our children have a really great life. They have a great life by you going into debt. Whenever my parents were able to send me to go do something cool with summer camp or something, it was on debt. And then I saw that stack to the point where minimum payments could not be made, which meants the mortgage payment couldn't be made, which meant foreclosure notices. And we don't want I don't want to get there. But we're headed there. What do we do if one half of the relationship honestly thinks that okay, we're not at the breaking point. We can continue going down this path, but the other doesn't. How are we able to combine that? Well, what can we do? I don't think either one of us wants to continue on the track we're on. But you are not seeing the alarm sound like he is. Yes. Yes. I don't know about that because I'm the one that brought us here. I've heard your language though. Okay. I mean, we've all heard you talk in this conversation. I'm not trying to bully you. I'm not trying to stack up against you. I don't like when it gets 2v1, but what do we do when it gets to the point where he sees the weewoos and you're not. Okay. And we and this has happened before really opposite where where I was the one, you know, that wasn't seeing the if you want to say, you know, the bells and whistles, right? And she was the one going, "Hey, this is the situation. We're we're two of them." And that's where we were able to come together, pay off the bills, pay off the debt, right, the first time. And it was nice. It was great. Snowball, great. All right. We we finally got on because I I was not understanding it. I was just living just living right doing what I want to do. So she got me on to understanding that. Here we are now years later and now it's reversed. And I don't think it's reversed. It is reversed. It's reversed because you don't see the bells and whistles as he wants to say. That's pretty cool. Okay. I don't think I don't see the bells and whistles, but I do think we need to fix our finances. Can we just agree on that? Okay. We need to Yes. We both We all agree. We agree on that. That's why we're here. The language behind it is not a listen. I don't feel like it's an emergency, but I do. Okay. It is an emergency. That's why we need to fix this because we do not have the way to live the way we're living. Although we do have more income coming in starting in June, July. No, that doesn't Okay, that's No, because that's that is that the problem though is that that is what's coming in a little bit for you to go to school. All right. But next year I am done. I am done working at the Navy. the I am I will not have that that job anymore. All right. And I'm only gonna get some partial mor money back. All right. We don't know what my VA is going to look like. All right. So, we we have to change our entire lifestyle now before we get to that point. And on Oh, great. Now we're now I'm retired. Now, what are we going to do? We don't we cannot live and cannot do this stuff between now until I retire. We have to figure something out. Okay. I agree. But you agree on the sentiment, but you don't agree on the fundamentals from the sound of it. Cuz you're pushing. What fundamentally am I not getting? Are you serious right now, bro? That you think that this isn't horrible as long as we can making the minimum monthly payments, but you're pushing towards that edge. That's what you were pushing back on. You agree with the sentence. They're written on paper. Let's get out of debt. But you guys are not aligned on the fundamental of what where we're at, what it takes to get there. No, I think we are aligned on what it takes to get out of debt. No, you you say it. Yes, but then look at your look at your your things that you buy constantly. I tell you all the time, just stop buying that. Stop buying that, right? Good example, right? Until I freaking did it. But the candle subscription, right? I wanted it, didn't need it, but I kept doing it. You kept telling me to cancel it. It didn't cancel until finally when we got to that point where like now we got to start canceling stuff. But you're still buying stuff that is there that we do not need constantly. So you don't need to buy the children a million things of the same clothes, the same shoes, the same stuff. They need school. They need sports. But what they don't need is 18 pairs of freaking pants because you like the way they look. I have 18 pairs of freaking I'm giving you an example. That's not a good example. Okay. Pick something else that you know that I'm I'm right on when it comes to the children's clothes. No, just anything in general. Anything us I don't know. That's what happens all the time though. Okay. You buy stuff all the time. There's always something you buy and you're like, "Oh, it's the wrong size." And I tell you that all the time. It's the wrong size. This is the wrong stuff. It's the wrong measurements. It's something like that. You're like, "Oh, I didn't know." Right. Oh, I thought it was going to work. Constantly. Okay. Constantly feels a little All right. Well, whatever. I'm curious. Is that how every conversation goes? Cuz this So, what kind of happened, right, is uh I mean, it was a little heated and that's totally okay. The emotions are good. Like, nothing's wrong with that. you know, he kind of pushed back on you about some of the purchases and you kind of did the thing that sometimes upsets me on the show and like like the audience isn't here so you know they don't fully get the vibe and they've kind of called me out when I you know get a little upset at it but it almost feels like in a way kind of when people do that to me when I push back on them is they're just kind of saying that just to have it move before he said the beam was a bad purchase. I recognized the beam was a bad purchase. I had really good intentions, but then the actuality of it ended up being $150 we didn't need to spend on a second beam. Sweetheart, your intentions are always I do have really pure intentions and I have great intentions and I do think that has partly led to our debt problem execution on this. Okay, I agree. Okay. And for what it's worth, I mean, I'm not saying it's it's bad to be giving or anything. It's not even all at all. But you know there's lots of psychological analysis that shows that a lot of the acts of giving you know especially on a reoccurring way is usually is also driven a little bit by selfishness cuz you get high dopamine levels through gifting. I think it's more about connect. You love gifting and it just you see the reward and it feels really good and it doesn't mean gifting is bad. I'm not saying that. I want to be very clear. But it there are it can very much be associated with a selfless desire to feel the reward. I I will I will tell you we do love blessing others. That is one of our things we bless others with. But you guys can bless so much more people if we're not in a lot of debt. Okay, fair enough. But imagine the amount of blessings we can give when we're not Okay, by the way, the real number you said 14,000. You thought it was a little less than that. It was $15,116. you spent 27% more than came in. Okay, how long could we do that? But I will say that that is our biggest spending moments and our biggest hit to ourselves is from December to May. That's all the birthdays, that's all the the Christmases, the the holidays, that's all the activities, that's everything that we deal with. I'm saying if I look last fall, last late summer, I'm not going to see you spending more than you made. No, you're going to see, but not 27%. You're gonna see. No, you will because I went crazy for this Christmas. This particular Christmas, I went way above and beyond. Special about this Christmas. It's I don't last. Oh my god. I just tried something new where I started in July and I was trying to get things on sale. Again, it was a good intention. It was a great intention. I love your blessing. I was trying to get things on sale and I just was like, so we wouldn't be spending a a billion dollars all right in December, right? It was nice, but the fact but the problem was that you we because it all we consistently every freaking paycheck went and got them multiple things and multiple things and our and our our closet filled up extremely fast and it was a lot. And here we are for hours and hours wrapping presents. It was a great Christmas for the children, but it was too much. And and every every time a child puts a a new uh want on their Christmas list, right, you go and we went and got it, right? I can only speak at myself as a kid and we can all associate with our own things when we look back to Christmas. But, you know, I would probably operate on this if I had kids. I would operate on my own thing, right? I don't remember all the little gifts I got for Christmas. What I do remember were like the cool special final gift, right? Like I remember getting like the first Xbox when that first came out and playing that with my dad on the day of Christmas. I have that memory. I remember getting like a castle that I could play with my little action figures in. I remember that. I remember like these very specific things and that's what's going to matter at the end. It's not just the the little it's not about the amount. Okay. But I feel that it is my slash our responsibility to create the Christmas magic for the kids. Whether it's going to see the Christmas lights, drinking the hot cocoa, caroling, I mean hot like five bucks though. Okay. I'm just saying. But it's like all the little things that go into each and every holiday. I put that on my shoulders. My first like 10 Christmases though. And I don't mean to keep bringing it back to me. I guess I do apparently is was basically poor people Christmas or at least living on debt. We went and we saw the things and like but it was all on the cheap and the side or you warm it up. It's I I will tell you I will say though we both do come from you know a um humble background. Humble background. There you go. That right. So we both you know had it as best as my father could give me uh and my brothers and sister you know he gave it to me. It was a phenomenal time. It was much. But then, you know, bougie Christmas isn't required for a nice Christmas. But we wanted to give that to our children. We wanted to make sure that our children always had it better than what we came up with. Would they know if it's bougie versus if it's just nice? Cuz to me, cinnamon rolls, fireplace, you know, family together, dogs hanging out. That to me is the nice Christmas with some Christmas music playing and some gifts to open and seeing each other enjoying it. That to me is the nice Christmas. Not having to go crazy. They don't they don't recognize like the value dollar of it. They want the experience. They just want the warmth of Christmas. I know. But we went we went crazy. And then specifically and then on top of that, you know, we got you know the big the big item you want to talk about, right? That they got the iPad. We got them iPads because their old iPads were dying because they were the you know our crappy old iPads. A couple things with that. You want them to be iPad kids. I don't. Just cuz they have iPads doesn't make them iPad kids. They're heavily into sports and activities and they're smart. But the problem with that was because we bought them two new iPads and you get them iPads or iPad Pros or iPad Airs. They got two new iPads. iPad. I got myself just iPad 10.2. I think it was whatever the newest iPad. She got herself a new iPad. They had a nicer iPad than me and I'm in school and I use it every day. But is it a competition? No. But I was like, why does a seven-year-old need a better iPad than me? And I'm literally doing it. Doesn't. And neither do you. I mean, neither of you need Well, I need it. I use it. But you already had one, it sounds like. Yeah, that's true. Who cares if theirs is nicer? They just have the newer one. Yeah, that's just time. That's just a timeline. Yeah, I ended up regretting my purchase anyway cuz I like But that that's just one example right now. There there's other things that that are just, you know, from December to now is is all the expenses expenditures, all the stuff. Right. It sucks. I got it. I mean, we're talking about now, we're talking about the past. Let's talk about the future. How long does this card take to pay off if we only do our minimum monthly payments without doing purchases, which we're incapable of currently? You do the minimums, but you purchase three times the minimum monthly. But let's say we stopped purchasing and we only did the minimum. How long does this take to pay off? Maybe years a decade. Years. A decade. Years. I don't know. Five years. Four years. Five. Six years. Six years. Honestly. Okay. Uh we're just going to do some quick math ju just for the sake of it. Uh you will be 70 years old. He's kind of already physically 70 years old. No, he'll be fully 70, right? It takes 32 years. Wow. Oh my god. So, last Christmas takes 32 years to pay off. Okay, that's a good perspective actually. Good to hear that. I didn't know that. That's not good. The minimum monthly on this is $525.39. Let's go through the purchases on this. The interest year, by the way, is already a,000 bucks on this. You've lost $1,000 just on one card. Yeah, let's keep tally of the interest as we go throughout. 963 17 on this one. Okay, it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] except for two things which I think was like two university things. You got university docs, college transcripts and gas and then dentist. Other than that, it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Top down. You see this? It's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] MJ Lacantia, Bath & Body Works, The Children'splace.com, Crunchyroll, Apple Bill, Glamour Eyebrows, You Break It, Bandera, Texas Nail, Double Nails. Okay, we're double interrupted. Oh, no. The first one was lashes, wasn't it? I don't know. Um, MVYBA, children'splace.com again. $211 clothes for the kids. Okay, we already been through the conversation. Yeah, come on. No, the MVY that one, whatever that that's the that's our son's baseball. So, I'm okay with that and we'll put that into the budget cuz I I truly believe in that kind of stuff. But Flex Brew House, that's a movie theater. More Flicks Brew House. Apple Bill, Apple Bill, Apple Bill, Apple Bill. Uh Clay Casa, children'splace.com cuz we have to get a new pair of clothes once a week at a minimum. Maybe five times a week, who knows? Apple Bill, Apple Bill, Apple Bill, Apple Bell, Botox and Beyond. I tried Botox for the first time and I think it's nice. Yeah. I didn't know if you can afford it. We did. You didn't even know? Well, I told you after. I was I was away from my phone at the time, so she didn't have the ability to call me about it. All right. But afterwards, when I got home with it, I was able to look at the stuff. That's when she told me. Yeah. You know what's crazy? And that was a lot of money. That was a lot of money. Dude's 7 years older than you, but he looks like 31 and he's never gotten botox. Holy crap. He's never heard that in his life, but that's very nice of him. It might be because he's aged into it. Well, maybe he looked old. Maybe he's looked 31 forever, but by the time he dropped 31, you know, other than the little grays, you know, dude has smooth skin. Well, thank you very much. That's that's wonderful. I'm going to write that one down. You should. Apple bill. Apple bill. What are these Apple bills? What are they? All right. Can we pull up our phones? Pull up our phones. What's What's on here? We have Facetune. Why? It's an iCloud Plus. iCloud Plus is fine. It's usually storage. You had some kid things and retake AI face selfie. Oh, come on. You're turning into a Facebook mom where you just have overly filtered Facebook pictures. Come on. Don't do that. Yes, I don't like those. Yeah, nobody likes those. You're the only one that likes those. Okay, she did it to me. Okay, don't don't pay for it cuz no one likes She pays 10 bucks a month for it. What? We haven't even gone through all of your YouTube. Oh my god. I just didn't know that was 10 bucks and it was costing money to make this look crappy. Oh, okay. Thank you very much. You can't say there. Oh, sorry. Fake names. Sorry. Well, the spending on there was uh shocker, crazy, and a lot to go through. Second Avery Federal does this bring us to you? Uh $20,000 one, buddy. It is not much better. At least it's not maxed out. It's a couple thousand from that, but it is borderline the same. Again, you only made the minimum payment, but then $936 of spending with $23863 of interesting. Why are we purchasing on a card that is acrewing interest that we cannot fully pay off that we could only make the minimum payment to? Cuz we did not have the money in our check our debit. Well, we're financially stable. Am I right, guys? When I turn this page, how much of it is going to be bull versus necessities? Uh, I'd say half. Let's see. So, what is going on with this card? It's only been stacking up, stacking up, stacking up. Nothing. This is This also takes 31 years to pay off without purchasing a single thing on it throughout that 31 years. Well, okay. What's your insights into his card into his spending into here? Do you ever see what's happening on here? Uh, we don't see each other's credit card purchases. We only That's where you guys purchase all your Yes. Yes. I will admit that in the past, yes, I have definitely used my credit card to purchase things such as my collection and hobbies um back in the day because we do have we have fun money. I'll I'll start off with this. We have fun money that we set aside for ourselves that we can do whatever we want with the money, right? I'm okay with that. When we're out of debt and have a fully funed emergency fund, how much are we setting aside for fun money? $100 a paycheck, right? What? You guys are spending way more than that? What are we talking about? This just for paycheck. 200 400 bucks a month total for the household. But you guys are spending on miscellaneous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] calculated about $7 to $8,000, right? Or no, something like it was something like that. Well, you know that the goal. So, you added a zero time two onto it. Well, we had our fund money, right? And that was something that we were able to use, right? So, I'll tell you the way I worked back, okay? You know, about a year or two years ago, was I would spend all my money on whatever it is I'm collecting, right? However, you know, memorabilia that I want, couple hundred thousand, right? Um, and then I'd go, well, if I'm missing a hundred, 200, I would use the credit card probably. uh or the Kickstarters that I would back, you know, so that way that I get my whatever I'm backing right down the road. What do you games? I'm sorry. I know what Kickstarter is. I'm a board game player. We We play board games. We're, you know, we're nerds. And that's Kickstarter. There's a lot of the ones that were coming. They were coming on. They were coming on Kickstarter, but you know, they cost some money. So, how often are we doing this? It wasn't too often, but it was it was a lot that was backed up and and came out at one time. So, there was things like that would I would purchase on my credit card. Okay. Um, you know, and that's all stopped since then, you know, but now it's more just what are we going to use on it? Now, her her her credit card or my credit card, we don't get we don't have a we see we know what we're buying cuz hey, I need you to buy um groceries to put it on the green card. Like that's the stuff we know. Like, oh, I put the groceries on the green card, you know, and the green card. Sorry, credit card. Yes. We se we buy a red and a green card. That's when we know we're come on. Well, that's that's the problem is, hey, we need to go groceries or we need gas or we need something, you know, go put it on the green card. Color ass sorted just like ring of cards. Well, that's that's what it was. But as far as individual each item, we're not tracking it. We didn't have a way to well, we didn't really care to see what it was. We didn't know what was putting on each other's things, you know, um unless something just came out and that that's what it was. All right. Obviously, just resources wise, you guys should use the Fizz card. It's usually geared towards college, so that actually kind of works for you. But it only lets you spend what's in your checking account. So, it works as a debit card. It's a It's called the Fizz card, but it only lets you spend what's in your checking account. So, you can't overspend like this. So, it works like a debit card, but it still builds credit and you get rewards like a credit card. I don't know. I've never heard it. And if you want to do anything, this is where I hand out free stuff. Woo. If you ever want to do anything that's not all manual labor in retirement, I'll get you a course career certification if you want to start looking at like it or anything like that. So, whatever you want to do, whatever you guys need, we're happy to connect you. Okay. Well, but before then, let's look at the spending. You said about half. No, about 75% [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh, Taco Bell Panda Express, Crisy Cream, Auntie Ants. Okay. It's all It's also just horrible for you. At least you look like, you know, I mean, you you stay fit for the military, but my goodness, it's it's all just bad. Entertainment Hub, Chipotle, McDonald's, Little Caesars, MVYA, eBay.com, fling.com. Fling. Fling. That sounds like a No, I don't know what it is. I don't know. Hey guys always ask me, Caleb, what do you invest in? And honestly, I keep it pretty boring. Take a look at this. Take a look at this. This is my investments right here. And this is why you got to follow me on Blossom if you want to see just that. A couple weeks back, I stumbled upon this social investing app called Blossom and thought, "All right, let's give it a try." And it turns out it's actually really cool. And to be clear, they're not a brokerage. Blossom is a completely free social media platform. They're not your typical investing app. It's social, meaning you can follow exactly what I'm investing in, and you can check out my portfolio in real time and even discuss strategies with me and other investors. There's no guessing games, just clear transparency. So, if you're curious about how I'm investing or just want to get smarter with your money, download Blossom right now. And you can follow me at Caleb Hammer. I'll be sharing my exact portfolio breakdown, investing tips, even responding to your questions. It's totally free, super simple, and way more fun than just guessing stocks alone. So, hit that link below, join me on Blossom, and let's grow our money together. Seriously, right now you can actually see what my portfolio looks like today. It's not. It's $105. $105. Oh, Fling Con. I remember that's a board game convention. Board game convention. Thank you. It's the opposite of getting Oh god. Oh my god. That was funny. No. Yes. It was It's There's There's a convention coming up for the board game, right? That that we're looking at. Yes. I purchased I purchased me a little I purchased the tickets now, right? It's coming in in July. Um so I was able to get in, right? Um Okay. Yes. And Schlotskis. Thank you, babe. You're welcome. That's a food place. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, you guys go out to eat a lot. We we we we do. Why? Because we're not always together all the time. But so will Sammy sandwiches at home. Well, we don't we we also we're lazy. We don't need to be together for that. I'm lazy. Okay. But we either get to choose lazy or financial security in terms of this case. If you guys want to be lazy, totally chill with it and we can just like I'll be like, "Okay, go on your way. You can live the lazy lifestyle. I'm okay with it. I will even support it because if you I want to support however you want to live life. It will end in disaster. no funded emergency fund, you know, potential foreclosure notices, it'll be you can live that. We can choose lazy or we can choose financial security actually grinding down bringing some discipline to this. I agree right with this for the fact of the matter is like we didn't we didn't do that stuff right chicken salad sandwiches so cheap so easy now we're at the point where we are doing a lot more eating at home by by meal planning she's come up with a great uh way I hope but I mean I have the most recent spending statements how much do we think we spent on fast food in the last month oh $800 I'm just giving a rate ton of money $800 ridiculous amount of money probably spend way too much a lot more than we should think what do you In one month I would say about 400 bucks because groceries every week is three to 400 I would say for and then we also eat out $400 for fast food 400 bucks. What do you think? Yeah, I'd say about 1,200. What? For food for No, for going out to eating out. Yeah. Yeah, I would say that 400 1,200. Where is the difference here? Do you just like not know her spending or she thinks you spend a lot? What is happen? Maybe I don't know how much we're eating out. I I know we're eating a lot. I just don't know what the price looks like. How is the How are we so separated? Cuz that's actually kind of concerning. It's not that oh, you don't know the number. My concern here is that we are so far apart on what we think is happening that how can we ever budget as a household? So, how how is there so much separation here in terms of what you think is going out to eat spending? Well, cuz every time we go out to eat, it's between like $40 and $100. So, I'm just thinking if you're going out multiple times a week, it adds up really quickly. So, in one week, I bet we would spend 400 on going out to eat. That's Is that not insane? Oh, god. I mean, it's not good. So, she might be She might be right on that one. I'll give you that. That I'm probably way lower. What is it? I think $800. $1,542.74. I win, but at what cost? Yeah. Uh, at the cost of uh being able to make three minimum monthly payments on one of these Navy Federals, that's a lot. Yeah. interest charged on here this year so far. Let's add it to the tally. $9,1359. Well, what was that? That was the interest. It's the interest that has accured this year so far in that. So, we're at approximately $2,000 for just two cards we looked at that you guys have lost this year so far. You 900. I heard 9,000. Okay. Oh, I may have accidentally said that. $900. 913 59. All right. Okay. Which is insane. Okay. I mean, I'm being told, you guys also told Lindsay beforehand that like the kids are picky eaters, so eating art is easier for them. I mean, this is like Yeah, it is. It we again, we went lazy. We went lazy. But I do really think that this is a change. That's just going to fully enable that for everyone. No, but I think this is a change we could make to buy groceries and cook more at home. It certainly could be, but we spent $1,500 last month, even though you said we're already making changes. So, the changes only started within the last couple weeks. That's what always happens before people come on the show. They're like, I'm going on the finance show, so I'm going to look good for a second and then they maintain it for like a month and then so it's like if you guys actually stick with it, the median guest on the show pays off 10,000 in 10 months and you guys have a better income situation than most people in this country, most people on the show. So you guys caning rock this if we actually discipline. Um, obviously we'll get you the cookbook. Is this Well, you don't even need the budget friendly meals. That's just for people that like meet the median. You could double that. your grocery spending a lotment could be great. Like I don't know. I would like the cookbook. Well, I we'll get you a cookbook. Thank you. We're having some weird printing issues with China right now cuz um you know everything going on. But yeah, we'll get it to you. Okay. And other than Navy Federal, what the what even Oh, this looks like maybe a car. It's a $38,39.40. Oh, that's a home equity um loan at 7.45%. What is that's that's barely even keeping up with the market. Debt consolidation we took out in 2023. We did we we we took that out, paid off all the credit card debts and stuff we had. Obviously, not the the the vehicles and the house, but we use that to pay it off. And then we just did we didn't change our life at that moment when we paid it all off. It was nice. It was great, but we did not change any any of our lifestyle at that moment for for moving forward with it. So, here we are now, even back up to what we were when we had that consolidation. And the house, do we even know what it's worth today? 31700,000. We do. How are we so on the dollar? Um, well, when we pulled the statements, it gave us the home value at the bottom. When was that? That was about a couple weeks ago. couple weeks ago. So, it's got about 100,000 in home equity, but with the loan, I only consider it like 66 or 60. And this means all the debt we're looking at today is only a year and a half old. Yeah. Sort of. Yeah. That's insane. You know, we've talked about $44,000 of credit cards so far. Yeah. And we're not even halfway through. Yeah. I don't even know if we're a third of the way through. I don't think we are. And they're saying that your cards were completely paid off after you took out this guys. That's insane. That's insane. That's not a that Okay, even more than before. I'm extra convinced that this is not sustainable cuz I don't think this is sustainable for just another 9 months. I think we're there. We're basically at the peak. This home equity was just That's crazy. Okay. So, this was we have a balance of $38,39.40. Okay. And it is a minimum monthly payment of 50456. Interest $967.70. We're at about 3,000 hours um gone from you guys. Yeah. These numbers are going to require that I take a ton. Okay. It's good for your health. Is it? I don't know. Stress. Stress of your debt. Sorry. And you guys didn't even have car payments at the time of taking out that loan? We did. No, we did. We did. We didn't put any of the money towards the cars because it went to all the other stuff. So, did you have car payments? Yes, we did. Okay. We each have a car as we asked, I think. So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we had we had car payments at that time. a Chase Amazon card. Oh, for sake. Here we go. No, that was that was me. So, we live right next to a a distribution center. You can like practically see it from our backyard. We can see it and and honestly, when we need something, we order it, right? Uh it comes right away. What's right? Like within like less than a day. I can order something right now if I really want. And if it's something that's a popular thing or very quick to do, I have it by tonight. Yeah, us too. Normally that's in a big city. Away and going to driving away and going to a Walmart. Same day delivery is how Amazon works for most things for major cities. Yeah. I don't think it's cuz you live next to a distrib. It's because you have a distribution center in the city you live in. We we we use it a lot. We use that ability to buy a lot of things from Amazon a lot. Which gives us the uh honestly again click click click click click. the amount of resistance that there is, the friction between purchasing something on Amazon is so low that it's just probably getting you guys, especially using the logic that you use of the distribution center, even though that's just like what we all do in major cities. It's like that's is making you spend more than you even would if we're being honest. 48 only the minimum payment made of course. New balance $3,2927 $6322 of interest acrewing $46.87 cents of purchases and a $96 minimum payment now it's gone up because the balance went up. Do you guys share the same Amazon Prime? Yes. Okay. Someone pull it up for me please. cuz it's Amazon. Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon 200. We've had a late fee this year. Oh. Oh, for sake. Neither of us even know this. For which one? Amazon card. This was before the automated payments. Why weren't automatic payments happening? We did not set it up when we first got the card or during the setting of the card. We were just going through our Excel spreadsheet, going to there, logging into the account, paying it off. There was a point when Yeah, I do remember that that we just didn't set it up. All right. After that situation, we paid it. We paid the late fee. We did pay the late fee and then we got back onto the to track of paying the minimum payments and then we did set up the automatic payment for it. So, that is now on an automatic payment, but we just didn't do it back then. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sake. Okay. Uh, we have Dude, I don't even know what the this is. I know. stakes. Stakes for outdoor piece green artificial Yeah. stakes. We have dogs um that are digging and stuff like that. So, we bought some some fake turf to to hide the the mud areas. So, uh zone protects no holes digging. I I see valve box thing. More cover things. Magnet door anchor. Anchor gym door anchor. Yep. Stuff for the home. Anti-fog cleaning kit. Plastic drop cloths. I feel like guys, I recognize this kind of Amazon and I think we've all been there here and there. This is the go buy anything bull Amazon. This is the I need this, I need this, I need this. This is the all within a few days. Easy car seat buckle. It's like we need everything. Throat drops. Fit simply resistant loop. Sharps container. Gymnastics bar. There that is. Sticky card plug. Sticky card plug refill. I don't know. Oh, it's the fly thing. Fly. Yeah, fly. Salt and pepper. More artificial turf stuff. So, we're really booking that up. Penguins for kids. Penguins in Antarctica. My son has the original stuff. That was a school project. Penguins National Geographic. Go to the library. That's a good experience for kids, isn't it? Penguins, the ultimate guide. So, we're just buying all these penguins books permanently. But now we know about penguins now. has lots of information about penguins and I'll suddenly 180 pocket card binders explore my world penguins pean two pack dance ribbons novelty place 10piece dance uh gymnastic thing more there's more turf stuff and gymnastic shirt and 12piece do we understand we're spending here guys like even if yes I can see a lot of this being justified this is look at the number that is adding up and if we're going through it in in your gut But how many of these things are like we're like, "Okay, if we didn't purchase that, it's not the end of the world." There's going to be probably a handful. Yes, I will agree with. Yes. Shiny metallic, you know, things. A lot of it. Yes. I I we will card binder stand up for a lot of their stuff that we had bought cuz it's what we needed and stuff like that. Yes. I'm okay with that. But there's some stuff that probably Yes, we probably didn't need to get. I can It was a good one. I can logically see a lot of purchases here. Yeah. But I know for a fact as we go through there whether or not if we like look back and we're like okay I could have lived without it. There was a lot of it because all I know is we've lost $22911 in interest this year so far in this card. Had a late payment on this card. The balance is only going up. The minimum monthly payment's only going up. We are losing more and more and more and our minimum payments are getting to a place where if you want to continue your lifestyle with these minimum payments mathematically it's impossible. Again we both have the access to that. we both can do exactly what buy what we want at at the moment that I want to buy it. 23% interest rate the things that you're buying. So that's you're paying an extra 23 23% fee on everything you're getting. Honestly, if you want to look at it that way, I didn't makes sense now, but I didn't think about that way. This is more Amazon purchases and this is it's brutal. And you're probably you're getting a 5% cash back, but you're paying 23%. So it's like Yeah. You're losing 17. This is priorities at that point, you know? Mhm. Well, priorities are all messed. Yeah. Well, I don't I don't agree with that. But go on. I don't think my priorities are personally. You mean financially or financially? When I I am not talking about the way personally or or familywise together. I'm literally just talking about financially. Financially, we are financially we have not been doing it. We have not been No, I don't think we're that's all we're talking about. That's all. It's so fixable though. Literally, you just have to make life here. But we didn't we didn't make the fixes. We didn't make the changes. I feel like financially is having no money coming in and all the money coming out. All the money's going out plus 24%. Okay. Well, that's true. Financially is Okay, listen. Again, higher income people can get to a worse place because on paper you can qualify for more debt, getting yourself in a worse hole than a lot of people have done cuz that's where we got the Amazon card. That's where we got the other credit cards, you know, the the the rooms to go, which we bought furniture with. You know, like if you say it's so easy to get out of debt, why haven't we? Why last time we get out of debt we had to take equity from our home? If it's so easy, then why are we here? Okay. I didn't say it was easy. I don't think she I said it was fixable. She said fixable. I If it's so fixable, then why haven't you? We do. Get that nail and hammer. We didn't change our lifestyle. Yeah, I think it's a lifestyle issue. It certainly is. But if it's fixable, why aren't we fixing this? I think we just needed to both want to fix it. And I think we're finally at the place where we both want to fix. I don't think you actually want to experience things because you would experience it if you wanted to experience things. I don't know what you're talking about. I certainly hope so. This card is at Go on. Nope. Sorry. The synchrony card is at $3,436.70 with a minimum fee payment of $185. What's going on with this card? Which one is that one? This furniture. Oh, furniture. Furniture. So, I had a surgery last year. All right. Situation on my shoulder. Uh, so one of the things was recommended was getting a recliner. Um, cuz his arm was in a sling. So, hey, you find a recliner you can sleep in, right? We don't have recliners. We have couch and, you know, the bed and stuff like that. So, uh, went ahead and bought that. We also renovated our daughter's bedroom. We've done a lot to We've done a lot of renovations to our house. Okay. Over the years. Um, but if you cash flow, I'm okay with it. Okay. But flowing. We didn't. Um, and with rooms with rooms to go specifically, um, we we paid for her big girl furniture, her Yeah. her entire bedroom set of everything that she named for the big girl stuff. So, that was another the conclusion. Uh, the recliner and, um, that's it. That was it. Yeah. Um, now I will say looking back at it now, the recliner was a lot of money. Yes, the recliner is a great chair. I ain't going to lie. The chair is phenomenal. It's massagering. It goes back. It's electronically. It's amazing. Could we have gone with a smaller one and a cheaper one? Maybe. But at that, I'm going tell you right now, my mindset was set on that that that recliner. And she did I do think she did show me another recliner that was cheaper, but I didn't like it. The thing is, you're in an income situation where you should just be able to get that. But you're living a life around it that makes those purchases detrimental. Well, that's what we did. I I think the interest rate is the highest on this one than all the others. No, the interest r I thought it was 35%. No, it's zero on the furniture. Yes, dude. The thing is it is right now zero. For the vast majority, it's at 0% until paid off. If we don't pay it off, if we don't pay it off, then then that's what is that's what we're talking about. So, well, for for $629, whatever that purchase was, that expires in about a year, the interest rate period. The $2713 and $92, that those ones never expire. Those ones are until paid off, which as long as you make your minimum monthly payment 0. It'll probably bump up to like 30% sure that 629. I guess we're going to pay that off. Yeah. But your minimum payment is just another addition to the stack. It's $185. Okay. And we have in the note, I mean, I don't know if you were there for this part of the call, but she specifically said to Lindsay that you milked your recovery. Oh, I did. He did. And he'll admit it. I will admit it. I I I milked it. I took the surgery, everything I could with it, right? I made sure I relaxed. I make sure I I was, you know, how you doing health-wise? Take it easy. I'm doing as good as I can for somebody who's about to retire. No, he is literally break. Okay, I will say he milked that, but in general, his whole body is breaking. Do not let this man fool you. Constant back pain, constant shoulder, but he actually, I think, needs another shoulder surgery on the other side. On the other shoulder, again, they covered by the males here, but that doesn't Yeah, that's nice. Great. It's wonderful. But again, my body my body is breaking. I mean, he's been wearing the duty belt for over 20 years and standing watches. Why did you want to go go so long past the three years? Three years. Because you've served for uh a decade, right? I'm at 20 years now. So, why did I want to go so long? Yes. 30 years. 20 years. Why Why have we decided to go so long? Especially with, you know, starting the feeling of needing surgery and all this stuff. All right. Let's be honest. Making videos sounds really fun until you actually try to make one. Suddenly, you're wrestling with timelines, video editing platforms, searching for royalty-free music that doesn't suck, and trying to sound like Morgan Freeman on your voiceover. And that's why I'm hyped about today's video sponsor, Invido AI. It puts you in the director's chair without needing a whole production crew or a film degree. Invido AI is the only tool out there that lets you generate fulllength videos with generative AI. You just type in what you want to make a video about and it does the rest. Like literally, scripts, scenes, edits, all done in minutes. I tried it out and it was crazy. I asked it to make a video about what would happen to humanity if the dinosaurs returned and minutes later I'm watching what looks like a movie trailer and I didn't lift a single camera or rent a GoPro. I'm Dr. Eliza Stern and I I never thought I'd see this day. For millions of years, we've ruled this planet, shaped it to our will, but nature has a way of reminding us of our place. It's wild. And here's the kicker. I wanted it a little more intense, so I just typed make the video more intense and add my voice and boom, it was done. Making video edits has never been easier. With 10 million users across 150 countries, this thing is already exploding. And the best part, you can try it for free and save yourself hundreds in production costs. Check the link in the description or scan the QR code on screen to get started today. Let's get back to the episode. Unless you're alerting the future of humanity with AI like I just did, it's like you you're pushing yourself physically. Hey, join the Navy just to get out of the house, right? Um my dad was was an army guy, right? So he did 10. I wanted to do more than him. Uh at that about that 10 year mark is, you know, when when we got together. Um and at that time, I wanted to get out probably my entire career. Probably every single re reinlistment I wanted to get out, but I just stayed because whatever. Hey, I need I'm going to stay for a little bit longer. I can do it for a little longer. And then we got together. She was in the military. I was in the military. We stayed together. We got to that point where now, you know, okay, 14 years now. Okay, great. What are we going to do? We're going to stay in. She got out and I'm like, "Okay, well, I guess I'm in it for the wrong Well, at that point in time, I was in until I retired. All right, now I'm done. I'm done. I'm I'm I am How often are you away from the house?" Like deployed. Um not away from the house anymore. Uh I did go away for a whole year and a year and a half to Poland. Um they I got stationed in Poland for the year and a half and that was about 21 2021 2022. Um so I was gone there. So, when I came back in 2022, the end of 2022, that's when, you know, all the stuff, you know, we started buying the the cars and the stuff like that. Uh, renovations of the house, things like that. So, yeah. So, that was the last time I was gone uh for the longest. Since then, I'm not going to be gone except for, you know. Are you going to do anything afterwards? What do you want to do? You don't have to, of course. No, I don't have a I don't have a drive anymore or a desire of what I want to do after the military. Um, what I want to do is is support her now because she's been supporting me and doing and moving with me. Um, so for her PA system, PA program, whatever whatever program she gets accepted into, obviously we're going to have to move to um or stay here in San Antonio hopefully. Um, so if we end up moving, then I will find a job in that area for something I want to do. You have a YouTube channel? I do have a YouTube channel uh that I like to get going, but it's not it's you know, it it takes a while. What do you do? Yeah, it's brutal. I play board games. Oh, I love I play board games, which I will tell you a lot of my money also went into my setup, you know, so I understand the system and how it goes. Bad way to do it. Well, that's what I did. Um, and it's in my extra bedroom. So, you know, I'm okay with that. It's the people that throw all the money in up front. Just start with the I learned the lesson the hard way. I tried my stuff. I'm, you know, I was at least you had the budget to do it. Well, at the time probably, but obviously now looking back I didn't. Um, so yeah, I have the YouTube. That would be nice to do, but I ain't going to be that ain't going to be a career. That's not going to be something I can make money in. I know they're very generic, but I'm a big risk and Monopoly and Katon man. We like Katon. No one will play Risk with me cuz everyone hates it. Same with Monopoly, but I love Katan. Katon is great. Okay, I have a Wells Fargo card. What's going on with this? This one looks like this is a 0% as well. Yes. So, that one our last Was it last year or the It was last summer. Last summer in the middle of the hot heat, our AC completely broke and went went to crap. And that was literally 8 months after the um Why wouldn't you guys have an emergency fund, though? You guys do so well. Well, we didn't. So, here we are, you know, literally 8 months after the warranty went away, which we didn't know that there was an extension or anything we could have done, right? So, it went away and they're like, "Oh, yeah, you're 8 months past. You can't do anything about it." So, we had to buy a whole new one, right? In the middle of the hot hit summer, found the she found and she did all the work on this one. She found Wells Fargo who was able to give us a good deal on that as best as possible with 0% with 0% because for 72 months but you're not making the payments necessary to pay this off in 72 months. The minimum payments are too small for that. I think I think it as long as we continue to pay toward it, we won't ever have an interest rate on it. I think if you if we missed a payment or something like that. Yeah, that might Yeah, if you you'll get a penalty if you miss a payment. Yeah, it'll be really high interest and of course we've missed the payment on the Amazon card. So, it's just like historically looking, you know, makes me a little nervous. That is one of the ones that's on our radar that is make sure we always pay this one to, you know, first, you know, so that is something of our knowledge. Minimum payment $6742, 5 years to pay off. So, we're going to have a minimum payment for 5 years. Not a huge minimum payment, but it's stacking across everything. Of course, that is 5 years to not have one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. And that up, by the way, it can be not you guys forgetting cuz you have it on auto, but accidentally having less than $67 in your checking account and the payment bounces, then boom, right? And we know we get down to 100 often. So, this is not risk-free for 5 years. True. I don't want us to think that this is just boom, set, done. No, I didn't I didn't think about that way. That that's true. Okay. I didn't think about that way. That's that's a good way to cuz I would not have thought about that until it happened. So, and if that does hit, we're looking at 29% interest on that. All right. It's brutal. All right. Cherry. What's cherry? Uh, that's just a medical cost. Okay. So, something that wasn't covered by the military, right? We're looking at $3,263. Minimum monthly payment $251. Okay. No interest. Okay. just added to the minimum payment pile, right? Yep. Yeah. Cars. Here we are. We have a Ford Escape 2023 at a 7.39% interest rate. So, you know, especially taking account depreciation, certainly not keeping up that, you know, money in like a marketplace. So, you're losing money overall. Yes. Uh, okay. So, Ford Escape, we owe $25,56.15 with a minimum monthly payment of $66.68. That's a brutal minimum monthly payment and not a great interest rate. It's not like a, you know, minimum payment until it's paid off type of interest rate. Wish I could see how much went to interest and how much is charged interest this year so far to add it to the pile, but I don't think I'm going to get that. Okay. So, what do you think it's worth? I think it's worth around 22,000. I'm seeing actually 27. Oh, great. Well, that's nice. A rare case where it's had had value a little bit. Have you thrown in? How much did you put down on it? We did a tradein value. I had a Nissan Rogue 2017. So that's probably why that's why it's allowed you to keep it. We will we'll point out that I'm going to tell you that at that time when we bought that car, her Rogue at that moment, the entire Yeah, we paid off, but the entire uh AC in it during the summer time frame uh broke. That's a relatively okay fix, though. Well, we decided at the moment, okay, we're going to trade it in, right, cuz we've got some value on it, and we'll get her a brand new car that we won't have to worry about this come next summer and next summer and next summer. So, we went ahead and bought that purchase, right? Never had a new car. I've always had like beers or things that I could pay in cash. But there there is a separation. There's there's a middle ground. Yeah. We can get a $15,000 used car and it's okay. Well, no. Again, first time she's had a car that wasn't a beater or a a used car or something. So, we went and we and I got we splurged. We we we obviously, but it's because you guys are willing to splurge in everything you do in life that we're not and cars are not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cheap thing to splurge on, right? You know, see that now hindsight. Yeah. But like I don't care if like we come from, you know, being up cars. Math is math is math is math. It's not a feeling thing whether or not we get a brand new car. I'd suggest until we fully get out of debt, which for what it's worth, a year and a half ago when you got this car, you were kind of out of debt. But this going to put us back into debt again. And so it's like it's this is it's a weird situation. Yeah. I don't know. And it just adds an intense minimum monthly payment. Yeah. My monthly payments bad. Can't wait for you to see his truck. I can calculate is kind of how much has gone to interest this year so far. Oh, his truck. Great. Yeah. To lug around all your I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] predator drones. I don't know. What do you need? We used it this week for trees branches. We cut down. So, actually the truck is coming. Yeah, but you could have rented a truck for that one time thing. Yeah, but you never know when you're going to need something. So, the truck is coming in handy. You can rent a car. The truck is coming in handy like that. It was nice. And we're in Texas. I'm I'm going to say we're in Texas, right? If you don't have a truck, you're wrong. Okay. Okay. If you don't have a minimum payment that you can't afford in a car that you just use to hold groceries once a week, you're wrong. Wrong. Yeah. I'd rather have a car that goes fast. Well, I don't. Well, you don't have kids yet either. I like to have That's true. You're right. But mine fits more people anyway. M and it goes faster and it's smoother. Mine's nice on the highway. What do you drive? Tesla Model X. Oh. Oh, that's nice. Can't get a Cyberch. It also drives for me. I'd buy a Cyber Truck. Too small on the inside. See, that's why I bought a Ford. Yeah. Well, it's about as small as a Ford in the inside. Still too small for me. It's a nice truck. Okay. Well, you've lost $462 in interest this year so far for me. Okay. Or for the uh for this car. For your car. Yeah. Okay. So, our grocery hauler, the truck. Oh, good. A minimum payment of $1,229 to go to a military base. What the are we do? This is insane. Come on, guy. This is crazy. I just got back from overseas. We only had the one car. I needed to get something. Cool. Get a car. Get an SUV. I don't care. It doesn't matter. Get a used truck even. It doesn't matter. I got back. We did go look at trucks and stuff like that, the used ones, CarMax, things like that. Nothing was catching my eye. We went to Ford. Who cares? Well, we cared at that time. Obviously, this is a great truck. It's a brand new truck. It was the first time I just got back. I needed something immediately, right? We got it. And look at the the interest rate on that is extremely low. 1.9 1.9. So, I took the opportunity. How much did you put down? Uh, I I don't remember off the top of my head. I don't know. Maybe a couple thousand. Yeah, we appreciate about $1,000. Uh, well, no, no, more than that. But you're underwater by a thousand. It's not crazy. But we did we did put some down. I don't remember what the price was, but again, I got back. I got the vehicle really quickly and we actually needed it immediately as soon as we did it because we were going, you know, traveling something and it worked out phenomenal. And we drive a lot. It did. But again, like when I need a big truck, I rent it and it doesn't cost me $1,229 a month. I'm going forever. I'm okay with the interest rate. However, as the the value of this is going to go down substantially further, quicker, you know, especially we get closer and closer to a normal car market. This is Okay. Well, that's a nice job. I like Okay, great. I'd prefer financial stability personally. I don't I don't know. Maybe it's just a preference thing. Okay. You disagree? No, I I'm not disagreeing. I'm just It's in the past. It's already happened. Yeah, but you can sell it right now. And I would I don't see that happening. Yeah. Well, there's this is what we talk about sacrifice. I would sell both cars and get like what? Like a used Yeah. A 20,000 hour truck will still be good. It doesn't need to be the pretty truck that all the guys jerk off to at the stoplight. It doesn't matter. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If we're talking utility, cuz that's what you've bragged about it being used for. Then be a real man and just get a truck for the utility and not toing goon to. I'll look into it. I mean, I look into it, guys. We can cut our debt and minimum payments like crazy by you selling your car cuz you have an equity position. You selling your car and we can uh borrow the difference or even just trade it in. You get a $20,000 car. You get a $15,000 car. Great. We just cut this part of the debt substantially which is a substantial part of our debt. Maybe guys, it is still worth it mathematically. And this is just we're just talking sacrifice for the sake of house. If we want to do more things for the kids, cool. Sacrifice the car. Like come on. We $20,000 is not going to be a bad car. It's just gonna have some miles on it. Might have like five year outdated internal screens. It's not bad. Never thought about that. We can take a look at that and see if that's something that has Please do cuz229. That's a disgusting minimum monthly payment even at the interest rate. Actually, if you take in account the interest rates, that's a disgusting minimum payment because that's with a low rate. The truck is taking 11% of our income on a monthly basis. 11% is just so it can sit in the driveway the majority of its life. We'll take a look at it. We'll look at it. And that's not a push it off to the side. That's a we we'll we'll legitimately take a look at that and see. I really do hope so. It's more the minimum payment that terrifies me. Okay. Just imagine what that could be doing towards our future, towards whatever that towards I mean I had a note that I kind of read at some point towards the beginning that said you guys want to go to Disney that could cash flow us to Disney pretty quick. That is the goal is we want to get to stabilize so that way we do have family trips once a year. Priorities where's truck or Disney? Which one's more important if you had to pick right now? Truck or Disney? I mean a family mature trip would be wonderful. Then let's do that cuz this can cash flow a Disney trip in, you know, a few months. Never even thought about that honestly. That's and that again that's why we're here cuz we're not the experts. We're the experts of I was like where are you going with that? We're the experts of not being experted. So we have a mortgage 2213,000. Yep. $77. Love the rate 2.75. It's wonderful. We financed it um back in a home equity loan of 7.5. So yeah. Oh, that too. Minimum monthly payment $1,290.64. Of course, now we add the additional monthly payment of 54 and the equity. But yeah, and then of course we have nothing to show for it cuz all the debt is racked back up. Yep. Uh wait, actually, let me get back to that truck. I know it's a bit I want to get this interest. Sure. I'm curious, too. This one's lower. Of course, we know the interest and vast majority is going to principal. This is zero. So far, we are talking well cuz the balance is so big. $26,280. All right, it's good to know. Mortgage. So, yep. Okay, let's see what is going to interest. Let's add it to the interest column. Interest on this so far, $1,953. 20 cents this year. Okay. We are expected, of course, in a 30-year loan to have more interest hit up front. Same with cars and everything earlier in the loan. More is going to go to interest than principal. Okay. Is that all your debt? I think so. Yeah. Debt, I believe. Yeah. I don't think going through that's what we all are able to to calculate, put together. So, okay. This year so far, $5,75248 has been taken from your hands in just interest because you guys are holding the debt. Sounds like a pretty good chunk of a Disney trip if I've ever heard. So, would another home equity debt consolidation be something to look at or absolutely not? Why the would we if our behavior was not fixed last time and we're back into this position? We add another debt again, double that debt from last time, then boom, get in this position again. Do we just keep doing that? That's that's the question I have by only allowing consolidation and or bankruptcy even. No. Well, either way is those are applicable if you can prove you've changed your behavior for at least 6 months. If you stick to a hardcore budget, you are paying off debt, you are going intense, cooking from home, cutting back on the bull for 6 months and you've proven you can do that, then I will. And if you do it for a month, that doesn't count. You can do anything for a month and then fall back. I think I that's a that is a true story. Definitely get that's a true statement. Uh in the uh definitely sell the cars, that's for sure. Downsize the cars. You're not going to get bad cars. Checking out to Okay, we'll look at it. Checking it. $1,834. Saving 645. Was the savings? Yeah. Apple YouTube membership better be ours. It's not. You're not a fan. We have the best YouTube membership on the entire platform. You know, the platform told us that themselves. They tell everybody that. No, they tell us that cuz we're in the top program and they have the insights to everything. Okay, good. Well, I would share more, but I'm under an NDA. Okay. But no, they do not tell everybody that. We offer more content than any other YouTube membership. Okay. Uh Patreon, same. That's me. Yeah. Y What's the YouTube membership? Super Carlin Brothers. Yeah, I think Well, I think Okay. I don't know if you ever heard of them. Apple. Apple. Apple. Marble Slab. Seas Candles. Venmo. Papa John's. Yep. And other you break fix. Like do we go there like we were breaking? No, we got our kids iPods. Oh, good. iPads weren't enough. Well, it's because they're on the bus and they my daughter my daughter was getting bullied there and I thought it might help to have headphones on and just listen to music and zone out. And then like when we got them off eBay, the battery was really horrible. We had to get it replaced. Where'd you get an iPad on eBay? iPod on eBay. They don't make them anymore. I thought they came out with like one a couple years ago. No, there's no more iPods. It's only iPhone. So, we we our children are too young for phones. We want to give them phones, right? Too little. Figure something that they can have for uh music to to help my daughter and my son just on the bus, right? To and from work. Uh school, sorry. Two and they don't have phones yet, I assume. No, they've got no phones. No. But the iPods they have is the ability to listen to the stuff to stay away from, you know, just issues on the bus, right? to keep them distracted to get them to uh point A to point B. Point A to B without you know being part of you know the issue that they were having on the bus. Yeah. So that sucks. Grade school kids and kids are mean. Yep. You call the Yeah. Uh 2019 an iPod Pod came out. Oh wait. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's about Yeah, that's when And that's I think the latest one is the seventh generation, but they still cost the the the high price that you would think it would not be. But they they came back. We had to get the new batteries just so they wouldn't die. And then and then there's more PayPal transfer. PayPal transfer. Broadway Nation. More Broadway Nation. Barnes & Noble. Smoothie King. You guys just go out all the time. Teier teira. Alcharo. Cash app. Kohl's. Steam games. Elquila. Yeah. Red Robin. McDonald's. Etsy. World Market. PlayStation Network. PlayStation something. Steam games. Victoria's Secret. It's just we're just blowing money and not all that's on kids. Nope. We're also spoiling ourselves. Oh, it keeps going. I keep thinking it's done. Steam [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] MJ Lacant. MV YBA. MVYBA. Softball for the sun. Oh, free spirits. Van Mooney. KFC. Cook Unity Inc. Um, just cook. Just cook. just cook. Okay. I do a factor sponsorship here and there and it's great for people that can budget in, don't have debt, don't have a fully funed emergency or who have a fully funed emergency fund. 47 Brand the baseball thing, Apple Huff Gold, Venom Money, Sonic Drive, Venom Money, Amazon, Apple Builds, Texas Roadhouse, eBay Commerce. Oh my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What are we doing? This is so much. This is so stupid much. Game toppers, Cherry Technology, Amazon. Well, this is a minimum payment. Amazon Amazon Universal Cash App Amazon Cash Apps Entertainment Entertainment Apple Bill Cash App Entertains Entertain What is All the Iss Entertainment. My son's birthday party. Oh my gosh. It's every 5 seconds though. Ours entertainment. Ars entertainment. It's hundreds of dollars. Hundreds of dollars. Oh, that's crazy. Free spirits. Lock wheels. Uh Lock Block. I don't even know. Disney Plus. Free prints. Venmo. First Course. Free prints. Apple bill. Apple bill. Peter Piper Pizza. My goodness, I haven't heard that name in forever. Peter Piper Pizza, Microsoft, more Patreon, eBay, Candace International or something. Click Pay Champions, Pokemon Champion, PayPal Money, Divine Acres. Again, we are prioritizing over this our life. Prioritizing this over comfy furniture for after surgeries. Prioritizing this over Disney, over debt payoffs, over emergency funds, Divine Acres, Venmo, Fablettics, tequila. Yeah. L Mexican food restaurant. Chili's tequila. Mexicana community. J C J C J C J C J C J C J C J C J C J C P Penny. Oh my Do you guys not realize how insane this is? This is one month. One month plus everything we've already gone over. This is crazy. Nitto, Jack, Lackland, Jambo Juice, Raising Gains, Apple Bill, Venmo, Clay Casa, Brew House, uh, Minimity Payment, PayPal and Out, PayPal and Out, Apple Bell, Medina Valley, Canina, Vending Machine, Crispy Cream, Etsy's Olive Garden, Cook Unity, Jimmy Johns, Jamba Juice, Apple, Apple, Smoothie King, TJ Maxx. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane. Yeah. spending 78,000 hours on bull when we could have fully we could oh my the amount of money that we could have put towards debt was crazy absolutely crazy could even afford your truck almost you know $600 in savings we're doing all that well we have $1,000 in savings there $600 in savings there are children they're they're children's we are trying to set them up for for the future stuff so we are using what $1,000 yeah we started I don't know if that's the one you're looking at, but we have a high yield savings account for each of our kids. I think they each have like 1,200 1,400. We put money towards it every year. Small amount small amount money towards it. It's going to build over that. They're not going to get that until they're a lot older. So, it's a high yield savings account. What's the interest rate on this? Uh, well, we get like a 4.07 dividend. We got it through Navy Fed. You can put it in a 529. At least that's it. Like, it's a tax advantage. Specifically for just education, right? Use it for education. We want it for like if they want to buy a house, but they can still pull out and pay taxes on that. At least they can well probably if it's going historic market trends get 8 to 10% instead of 4%. Plus, as interest rates go down, which now that you know trade negotiations are being done a bit more and you know interest rates might go down. Oh, what was this called? You said a 529. It's a tax advantage plan where you can put it in there essentially taxfree. Let it grow in the market. You choose the investments of choice and then they can pull it out tax-free for school educ anything education related but if they don't pull out for school no it can it can literally be used in high school for sporting things in school related it can be used anything school related okay I just don't like the restrict but I get it but that's why it's tax advantage where you're only getting 4% if interest rates go down this could go to 2%. Well we have it locked in for two years at 4%. Big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay but I'm listening. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm just saying just explaining why we I get it. I understand. But it's only again it's $1,000. You could have this could easily have been $50,000 per kid by now if that's what we were prioritizing. Easily by the time we're where you guys have been and where we are. Maybe $25,000 per kid. Okay. I'll go with that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It could be stacked. And you guys cannot spend money on birthday parties or fun until you have a fully funded emergency fund cuz how are you guys going to pay for a big expense when that happens? a kid goes to the hospital, you know, breaks a limb, whatever. Who even knows, um, a car a car breaks down? There's so many emergencies that might not be covered. Okay. Uh, there are so many things. That's why they're emergencies cuz they're unpredictable. If that comes, you have $500 saved up or something like that for emergencies. Like, that's insane. You guys should at least have $20,000 saved on the side for emergencies. $20,000 saved. We'll figure out what is required for you to survive and then we'll do 6 months of that. I don't know. I'm just guessing. Uh might be 15, might be 12. But even we need to have that before we can even spend money on funds because you guys are putting yourself in such a risky position where you're only going to go into more debt if an emergency happens. Um HVAC went out last summer. You had to go into debt for it. Luckily, you qualified for an okay debt, but your debt to income's getting pretty rough. At that point, credit scores will go down. You will the you'll qualify to be able to fix something like that, a new roof or something that when that happens, maybe you have to have a high interest loan for it. You need an emergency fund and h not having an emergency fund is an emergency. We uh we have tried that before in our uh Navy Federal. Yeah. Don't put it in Navy Federal. Well, we have and that's what we got. So, in Navy Federal, we put we put different savings such as the house emergency, the car emergency, car fixtures is what it was called. Uh X Christmas fund, right? We've we've done that small stuff with savings for Navy Federal. Obviously, it didn't work because what happens is when we when it comes when it comes time for us needing money, we pull from it. Oh, great. We're going to need money cuz we got this bill coming out, whatever. Or, hey, we're at $100. We need something. Let's pull it from pull it from the And she asked, you know, which one are we pulling it from? You know, Christmas Christmas fund or or a car fix that. Well, that's what we've been doing. That's what we've been doing. If there's a better way account you can't even think about. That's a good idea. That's a great idea. Like I'm Yeah, that's why we're here cuz we don't know what that looks like. We don't know what it means. SoFi account, whatever. Obviously said don't do Navy Federal Sofi. If you have access to it like that, it makes it harder with just your behavior. That's okay. Recognize your behavior. If you're an alcoholic, don't have drinks in the house. If you can't stop eating fast food Uber Eats, you know, it's like take a different path home where you're not seeing the golden arches. So, you just you put in those mechanisms. It's okay to I we all have immature behaviors in different ways. Yes, that's okay. You just set yourself up for success by not allowing yourself. If you're going to pull for money easily, don't have it attached to the same account. Okay. Okay. I didn't even realize this. You know your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] truck payments as much as your mortgage. Yeah, it is. That is the most American thing I've ever seen. And that is not a good thing. That was a good statement. Delinquency rates on uh vehicles are at an all-time high. Higher than during the Great Recession. I don't want you to end up there. Okay. People behind on their car payments. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I don't want to do that either. minimum debt payments, not including your mortgage, but including your uh home equity, is $3,43910. So that alone is 30%. Debt payments alone are 30% of your income. And keep going down this path, it gets to 40%, it gets to 50%, you see how we start missing missing payments, then cars get repo, foreclosure notices hit because you have to choose what goes where. Okay, that's the dangerous path we're heading down. So, yes, it is an emergency and no, it's not just fixable. I need that to be very clear. So, mortgage is $1,29064. What about gas, electricity, internet, all that stuff? Utilities combined, how much? Oh, um, on a monthly basis, I don't know. I didn't calculate all that. 35 gas for me, 65 gas for him weekly. Uh, what? Driving. Yeah. No, no, no. Home utilities. CPS. But no, CVS. Um, it's at least 800. Water. Water for everything maybe. Yeah, it's it's it's up there somewhere between 8 and 1,000. We had it. We'll call it nine then. All right, call it 900. 900. I know some months will be more, some will be less. Phone bill. It's 114. It's not the worst. I like those third party services that use the same towers. Like Helium does T-Mobile, Mint uses something. Um, I would rather do that if you guys own your home outright, just while we're in a budget mode. Mhm. So, again, I prefer helium specifically. But, uh, gas, broom, room, drive, drive. How much? 60 bucks for me. 35 for me every week. A month. Oh. Uh, two weeks plus 35. How much a month? How much a month for the house? So, let's say 400 cuz if we do 100 a week approximately between the two of us, we'll say 400. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 400. Yeah. Car insurance 325. We have USA. It's really high. Yeah, it's real. Yeah. We could do food for Could do food for a,000. Are we talking We talking groceries. Strictly groceries and meal prepping. Honestly, meal prep with the kids like lots of spaghetti, lots of meatballs, lots of tuna salad. Not tuna, chicken salad, sandwiches or tuna if you like. We could try it. Yeah, I think we can do a thousand. We might be able to boost that. TP fund. This is sports and stuff. Give me monthly cost without purchasing new things. What is needed for their enrichment activities that they are enjoying doing? Cuz I want to be able to budget that in. I think it would be probably around 300. Okay. Well, maybe not. Um because Well, I don't know. Because she's got 232 plus the private lessons twice a week. She's trying out for the gymnastics team May 31st. Okay. What are we thinking about? I don't know. Maybe say 400. Okay. Okay, I'm going to do TP fund is 500. Then I would say let's see if because it's Joseph too. Okay. Oh, well if it's 500 no 500 for both children and then I'm boosting it to 600 cuz it also includes this is TP fund. You throw those things in. They're the extra little things. This is also toilet paper. I'm doing $650. Okay. Uh you budget those out specifically more on your own, but I call it TP fund. It's those enrichment activities for the kids. It's also your toilet paper, toothpaste, tampons, everything that's needed, all that good stuff. Healthcare stuff like that. You don't really have to pay anything. Okay. Um Okay. Right. Correct. You have no medical bills. Okay. Cool. Uh pets. We have two. Where are they? We have a white labador. Yeah. With two white labor. They are turning one this month. Do we have pet insurance? We do have pet insurance. What's the monthly cost? It's 115. Trust me, it's worth it. Is it? That's the question we're going to have cuz she doesn't want the pet insurance. She wants me to get rid of it. I have it, dude. Mying just absolute creature of an investigator up in a dog. I had to take her to the emergency room again for the a millionth time the other day. Trust me, it is worth it. It will save you thousands and thous especially lab doors. They like to sniff around and get in things. Yes, they do. Trust me, it is worth it. It It always feels like, oh, do I really need this? And then and then all of a sudden you see that $10,000 bill to keep them alive because they something got stuck in their stomach and it's like that's good to know. Okay. Okay. So, the uh pet food, how much on a monthly basis? They're they eat a lot. It's 160 because it's two bags a month. That's fine. 160. Anything else that needs to be in your budget that I have not put in? Think we have like subscriptions and stuff? No, you don't. Oh, okay. If you can fit them in the TP fund, you can, but if you can't, they're canled. Oh, we're talking like Netflix, Disney Plus. You're saying those? You sure are. I'd rather go to Disney than watch Disney. Have Disney Plus. Cheers. Well, I need to like holidays and stuff. No, hold on. You're saying you're saying Netflix and all that stuff is guys. These are sacrifices. We're either sacrificing or we're not. But it also has to be likeable. I said this is liveable. People live like this. You are you I mean that's a spoiled mentality. To not spend money on holidays. Yes. Spoiled. It's an entitlement. It is not required for survival. I want you to and you probably can budget it in. I am not putting it into the budget for what is required to survive. Okay. Required to survive. Okay. Which is how you should be living until you get out of D. You do not have an emergency fund to cover emergencies. If a roof if you have to replace a roof, you're if you have to replace a car, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're done. Christmas is not prioritized over the basic necessities for living and survival. Okay. I'm sorry. It's just simply not. And if we're not willing to sacrifice that, then like then we're done. $8,393.74. Again, if you can fit subscriptions into the $650 TP fund, you can. If you can't, you cut them and you have to start prioritizing which ones you want. Okay? For the money that hits our account for now until February, you have an extra $3,5626. So, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to allocate $56.26 to fund money. Stock that up, use it for a big trip. Stock it up, use it for Christmas or $500 going out to eat on a monthly basis. Whatever you guys decide to do, that is what is allocated. So, it gives you an extra $3,000 left. Now, we need to make use of this $3,000 heavily hard before all of a sudden the income drops by a,000 cuz then we're only going to have 2,000 left. So, okay, this I would snowball as you guys did before. I would downsize the trucks. I'm going to assume you do. And I'm going to minus $25,000 from your debt because we are going to downsize both vehicles. 5,000 for you, 20,000 for you. Okay. Not including mortgage, but including home equity because it is not a great interest rate. And then minus that 25,000, we have a total of bad. I don't think I did the math right. Let me make sure he did it right. Should be around 75,000. Is that right? No, just let him. Okay. Let him. Okay. Bad debt is $137,000 $170. No. Are you talking about Oh, this is with cars. That's considering with you trading down. That's after you trading down cars. Yes, that's right. If you don't trade down cars, it's $150,000 of bad debt. Yeah, that makes sense. $160,000 just about of bad debt. Okay. That's really bad. That's really bad. Okay. So, I'm going to So, it's like 68 and 1/2 months to pay off or 5 years. That's actually not horrible. But, if we have that extra thousand this year, yeah, I mean, you guys will pay off if you're actually willing to sacrifice, which by the way, I gave you a lot of money for fun money. Uh, should take about 4 and 1/2 years to pay off our debt. And that's with fund money. And normally, I can't give people fund money. So, you guys are lucky with that. I would take it and I would sacrifice $500 a month. We can still have a lot of fun on that. Yes, but this gives us debt payoff in 4 and 1/2 years. But then what we need to survive if we start Okay, so 8,393.74 is what you need to survive now, but we get rid of the debt except for the mortgage and you need survival funds of approximately $5,000 on a monthly basis. So we need to save up $30,000 for an emergency fund. Okay, so it's higher than $20,000. That's a lot. But that's okay. At that point, we'll have a lot of money we can put towards debt. That'll take about I honestly think six months. So, this is going to be a total of five years. Five years. And you we are bad debtree. All debtree except for the mortgage, which is totally fine. Hold on to the mortgage as long as you can until you want to move. Okay. So, and then you have also $30,000 six month. And you guys are like golden. You guys have no idea what it's like on that other side cuz you've only ever consolidated and even when you paid off debt the first time, you didn't have a fullund emergency fund. This will be like something you've never lived before. And then, by the way, uh this is without any cost of living increase. You guys will literally have $5,000 a month at a minimum to blow on whatever you want. If you really want to, I'd set some, you know, aside for like rainy days and kids and whatnot. But, um, you guys are going to have a lifestyle that you don't even know. But even still, you're living a relatively comfortable lifestyle until then, cuz I'm giving you I'm giving you on a yearlying basis. $6,000 to blow. Okay, that's incredible. So, that's what I would do. I would do smallest debt to largest debt. Downsize the vehicles, prioritize paying those off, roll them over into the next ones. All the minimum payments that we save from one debt rolls to the next payment. Okay. Okay. Save up the fully funded emergency fund. Do that. Okay. You guys are going to set your kids up for success. It's going to be great. I want to see you guys on the financial a follow-up channel making some progress in the coming months. Go back. All right. I will get you your hammer financial score, but join us for the post show. That's where there's extra stuff that we did not talk about for either privacy or for demonetization or because Lindsay's held something for T- related purposes. Uh join us in the post show. The Hammer Elite version is the best YouTube membership on the entire platform. The platform has said that themselves. Make sure you join that. Really helps support the channel. Thousands of hours of extra content. Hammer financial score. You over spent, so you're spending in a budget score is 0 out of 10. Your debt, it's brutal, but no collections, nothing. And for your income situation, I'm giving a two out of 10. Don't like the home equity, but it is what it is. Uh, still have an equity position in your home. Emergency fund, one out of 10. That's what's saved up is basically, you know, onetenth. retirement. Well, you guys are kind of set because of what you guys got going on, but we just don't have Yeah, I do have the TSP. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So, I am going to give you a for the lifestyle you want to live. I think closer to about a seven out of 10 there. It's fair. And then real estate. I like the real estate position. Don't like the equity loan. So, because of that, bringing it down to a six out of 10, but love the rate, love the payment. Okay, if we didn't have that equity loan, it would be like an eight. Hammer financial score rounded up 3.5 out of 10, which just shows how easy it is to get out of this situation if you guys actually sacrifice and grind and not prioritize your fun. Okay, guys, join us for the post show. We'll see you there. And again, if you don't want to be like a guest on the show, download the budgeting app link in the description below. Sign up for the annual version. I'll send you the cookbook that can't be purchased anywhere else. I'll sign it and mail it directly to you. See you there. I'm pretty sorry, by the way. What are you pretty sorry about? I did just recently buy seven LA Dodger and New York Yankee baseball caps, and I didn't want to tell you. Didn't want to tell you the color I'm talking about. You don't need all seven. I got it before it got sold out. The anchor that I went on there is a limited edition. $700 compared to $30, but still, it's the only one that fits. Don't ask us how much we paid on our wedding. Exclusive members content. Click the link in the description or pin comment below and watch thousands of hours of extra and uncensored content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CalebHammer [327 likes]: You can go to my link https://aura.com/hammer to try 14 days for free. That’s enough time for Aura to start scrubbing your personal info off these data broker sites, automatically #sponsored

▶Secrets EXPOSED in the post show... she his purchases from him and she finally tells him and it BLOWS UP... you need to watch, check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLe_q9axMaeTbjN0hy1Z9xA/join

▶▶Download my budgeting app today: Apple: https://apple.co/4iChGhr Google Play: https://bit.ly/sb-googleplay Don't overcomplicate this crap! All you need is an automated / SIMPLE budget. This comes with automatic account connections, my budget-friendly cookbook, an online community, and exclusive discounts on my products- change your financial future NOW

▶▶▶ AND REMEMBER those who sign up for Simpler Budget Premium annual get a signed versions of the Cook Book and Simpler Budget Founders Edition Journal, just send proof of annual here: https://tally.so/r/3xzPq5

Curious about my investment portfolio? 📈 Follow me on Blossom Social to see the full breakdown! 🔗 https://blossomsocialapp.page.link/calebhammer

Try InVideo AI for free - https://invideo.io/i/CalebHammer. You can use my code 'CALEBHAMMER50' to get twice the number of video generation credits in your first month.

Special thanks to all Hammer VIP members!!! Marcie Woodley, Tech Guy, Ian Dickhaus, Sharon Santiago, RJG, Kadie Helgeson, Fenco, Marc26110, Andrew Can, Brad G, Jhonathan Rodriguez, Math Is Groovy, Tylinann, Marilynn Morón, Shaggy Bestul, GIGN - Gig In Great North, Kilroy was here, Dillon Penner, Alec, Gooch, Mr Ghost, Anand Vadlamani, Blerice, Waluigi, Will Fisher, reyuho, Sarah Champion, Jessica M, Dr. Fajingler, kimmy917429, Vince Carter, Jonathan Tanguay, Michael Williams, Stecker Graphics, Melissa, Shy, Dennis Kurzatkowski, Kelsey Zettler, StereotypicalSalamiBun, Grant Oster, Cameron Murzyn, Zax, Apollo XV, ECbear2585, Sebastian Okier, Venomous, Beka Plays, Hailey Geller-Zawisha, Dawson Swint, Cloud, Christian Duarte, Dott, Vanessa Ramirez, holly wade, Robby Volik, Luna Marie Michalski, Madison Cribbs, Aaron Stelter, Samuel Santos, Jasoleia El Omari, Fernando P., Andy Garcia, Brandon Harden, alexis briano, ItsNot_Aqua, catzius1212, Evan Nekuda, Samantha Villanueva, AZRG, Bethany Zittrer, Adrian C, Renate Grændsen, K Johnson, Melanie Silva, Luca Diaz (Luryon), YashaProductions, Margaret, Betty C, zoeytigger, Channel 19, Rubi Flores, Julian Ellison, Maksim Sviridov, Benjamin Brand, Chloe, Thomas B, Redmel9, Taylor Wilson, hashley, Georgie B, Ctopp, Brian Jacobson, Khoa Nguyen, Caitlyn Booker, Brad Zocchi, Greenie, Amy LaLinda, Aiden Sprague, Lance Tardiff, Kard Harsdivia, Margaret C., Anthony Kasawdish, Corey Johnson random adventures, Driftless Wisco, Country Crypto, sangybr, Hav 307, Mags Paracha, Thomas Vance, TherealMVP, Lucero Saenz, Turtle Dude, Dawson Yandle, Jonathan Rollins, Jacks Place, Forca DesignLLC, Rebecca Rein, Layla Weaver, Kathryn Wheeler (Kathy), Summer, Joel Sanchez, Salsa Verde_NP, JKarot2, Prey, Brendan Dougherty, mauro suarez, Zack Moore, Sarah Brunsmeier, All Star Strength, Patricia Embry, Corey S., King Yeetles, dustin brownlee, Bryson Still, Desiree Haro, Trent Schmidt, Tommy Sheehan, Stephanie West, Kip Cornelius Fuyuki, Daniel Scott, JohnPeter Stravinski, SAGStudios, D Will, Victoria Komar, Eric lozano, Evan Lehr, Chris McKenzie, imcoolmaybe .., Clayton Copper, Renee Hopkins, Catwithsocks, Sharon D, Keith Adams, Lauren Hadfield, Almo, Camo1691, Geddy Samuels, VCSL, Erin Nicole, Taryn Stouffer, Carlos Leon, Madison Reed, Hannah Dooley, Steph Cote, Danniella Fennelly, awildtara, Cameron Hay, Demigod007, Kayne M, AC, THE_LEGO_LOUNGE, CamdenLifts, Hipnotic Jinx, Earl Cowan, Andrew McCanna, HerValk, Catie Goodnow, Cyndy Goodin, SSD Executor, Canopr1ngles, Zachary Russell, Nicole Williamson
  2. @laefty666 [1 likes]: Take her VA disability away wtf is she.
  3. @margaretpatton376: I really hope she’s finally clear on their finances and they are doing better.
  4. @Phenorius: Kuddos to the guy. He is honest and not affraid of facing issues head on.
  5. @enigmagaming361: We're the experts of....... UMMMMM SPENDING MONEY?!?!?!??!
  6. @ronniehale4064: bro this has to be scripted? its so unbelievably bad that it has to be right? not just her but both of them.
  7. @bennettbutler1214: This ladies face is very annoying
  8. @DjNayr91: This relationship is giving she’s the spender and he’s had enough. He cleared 20k debt, and said he had a little (never said the figure but I’d imagine it’s relatively low) which she uses as an excuse to blow up the debt.
  9. @kjay7973: Just asked to see my husband’s (of 32 years) bank account as a matter of interest. To my absolute horror I discovered that his car racing was 3.5 times more than I thought it was. Always thought we were on the same page. Racing was already an expensive hobby as he owns his own V8. I am absolutely devastated😢
  10. @haleycozzens4854: I need this man to take a drink of water, his cotton mouth is making me crazy.
  11. @EpilepticDude: But someone with epilepsy like me, who broke their back, mental stuff from the seizures, damaged brain. I’ve been fighting for disability for 6 years… Having more seizures, more medicine, more hospital visits and I’m still fighting for disability. It’s nice that soldiers just get to enlist and then automatically get it. Really appreciated.
  12. @KayYang-qo3gh: She doesn’t have pure intentions. She’d like to think so, but yall are NOT IN A POSITION to bless others when you’re in debt. Now it’s just selfish. You like to spend money.
  13. @KayYang-qo3gh: When he said that the payments snuck up on them. 😅😅😅 I know your ass walking right into being roasted by Caleb. 😅😅😅🎉🎉🎉
  14. @scoobysunshine6834: They will not sacrifice.
  15. @scoobysunshine6834: Their monthly payments are loco
  16. @scoobysunshine6834: U know it’s bad when Caleb does the woooh face 😅
  17. @BazzaroPlays: Crazy how the most moronic people fall into money.
  18. @gab1981au: Ncis texas
  19. @jrod9721: That lady is so disgusting.The most disgusting part is she really thinks she earned everything that they get from the government.You think other people's bodies don't break down? She has a real broad definition of serving your country
  20. @Kery_78: Their car payment is what?! Holy