- A river diverged into two paths: Trichotomous Analysis of U.S.A. Policies’ Effects on Migration: Kind: captions Language: en-US Rivers have always held a central role in the flow of civilization. They were pivotal to early societies, they were sacred, but they can also be deadly. Victerma de la Sancha Cerros and her children lost their lives trying to enter the USA. Every year, thousands lose their lives in this process. But what if we are the ones forcing them to migrate. In order to properly understand the migrant crisis, as well as its interdependence and complexity, we have to see it from different perspectives. Previous research shows that international trade flows determine the domestic economies of Latin American countries. Upon analyzing the long term net trade between the U.S.A. and Latin America, the statistically significant results demonstrate that net increases in the flow of trade with Latin America cause increases in aggregate migration to the U.S.A. [Figure 3] Moreover, the demand for drugs in the U.S.A. is intense, however, illegal companies, also known as narco cartels, operate across Latin America, taking land, agricultural resources, and using violence to supply the U.S.A. drug demand. Previous research has shown that the marijuana trade between the USA and Mexico provides significant profits to the cartels, that the cartels are a major fear of Mexican nationals, and that cartel violence motivates migration. Previous research establishes that border states which legalize marijuana have a significant decrease in their violent crime rates. As a result, I conducted a linear regression to compare the amount of states legalizing marijuana in the U.S.A. to the net flow of Mexican nationals migrating here. The statistically significant results show an intense correlation between the legalization of U.S.A. production of marijuana and a net decrease in Mexican nationals migrating to the U.S.A. [Figure 2]. Unfortunately, previous research has failed to motivate policy changes. Nonetheless, there is a partisan cost inherent in every year without an increase in visas. Previous research shows that Border Patrol apprehensions are causally related to increases in conservative self-identification. I extended this research until 2021 while validating previous findings. Between 1990 and 2021, the rise in Border Patrol apprehensions resulted in an increase in conservative identification [Figure 1]. Therefore, the partisan benefits from policy stagnation are highly one sided, benefiting the conservative party at the cost of the liberal one. Therein, it's illogical to say that Victerma de la Sancha Cerros lost her life because of a personal choice. When our international trade policies, our marijuana laws, and our demand for drugs are what made her leave her home. Rivers of resources thus dictate the fertility of the paths in life, or they can be used as deterrents for migration sweeping away lives, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The choice is ours. Thank you for your time.

- The Hidden Laws That Keep Black Wealth From Growing!: Kind: captions Language: en Why is it that rich white people do not have to show off their wealth >> the way black people do? I'll tell you why. Number one, >> non-Africans, white, brown, yellow, or red, >> Mhm. >> they are preoccupied with the accumulation of power, >> not materialism. >> Got you. >> Black people are preoccupied with the accumulation of materialism. Number two, the Caucasian, the Asian, the A-ra, they were never stripped >> Mhm. of their selfrespect. So they don't have a need. If he's worth a million, yeah, I may not see it, >> right? >> If you were a million, you're going to have on a bling bling. His identity never went through the historical assault >> that your identity went through. >> You are on a neverending quest to prove that you are somebody. He don't have to do that. You want to know why? Him being white is enough to come into a roommate. >> A federal review just revealed something shocking. When St. Paul built Interstate 94, it didn't just move a road. It erased $157 million of blackowned property wealth in the Rondo neighborhood. Families who built homes and businesses for generations saw everything wiped out legally. But how did a law meant for public good turn into a wealth vacuum for one community? And what if this wasn't an isolated case, but part of a hidden system quietly draining black wealth for decades? Let's find that out. [Music] When people think of discrimination, they picture blatant acts, signs that once read whites only, or explicit bans on black home ownership. But what happens when the discrimination is written into city blueprints, hidden behind technical planning terms and legal jargon? That's where zoning laws come in. They don't shout their intentions, but their outcomes have quietly decided where wealth grows and where it dies. For decades, cities across the United States have used zoning to separate residential, commercial, and industrial spaces. At first glance, it sounds harmless, even logical. But buried in those maps and restrictions are rules that determined which families could build equity and which communities would be left behind. Consider the long history of single family zoning. Entire neighborhoods legally reserved for one house on one large lot, effectively shutting out families who couldn't afford that type of property. While the wording doesn't mention race, the outcome has been clear. Wealthier, whiter families gained exclusive access to high-v valueue areas, while lower income and often black families were confined elsewhere. A powerful example comes from Minneapolis, Minnesota, where 75% of all residential land was locked into single family zoning for decades. This made duplexes, triplexes, and affordable housing illegal in neighborhoods. Even as demand for housing grew, black families already facing discriminatory lending practices were effectively shut out of areas where property values were set to rise. By the time Minneapolis made national headlines in 2018 for eliminating single family zoning, it was too late for many. Home prices in those once exclusive zones had already risen by 56% between 2000 and 2018, pricing out the very people the reform was supposed to help. In other cases, zoning actively targeted black neighborhoods with environmental hazards. Pleasantville, Houston, a historically black community, is surrounded by warehouses, trucking depots, and chemical facilities, all thanks to zoning designations that classify the area as light industrial. This meant black homeowners live next to industries that most wealthier communities would never allow. The result, home values in Pleasantville are 35% lower than comparable neighborhoods without industrial zoning, according to a 2020 Rice University study. And the hidden costs go beyond property values, higher health risks, and medical expenses that further eat into family wealth. These zoning choices don't just determine where people live. They dictate where businesses can open and how those businesses can thrive. For many black entrepreneurs, opening a shop in a high-value commercial area meant fighting through red tape and restrictive permitting, while corporate chains were often granted exemptions. That means even when black families manage to buy property or open businesses, their growth is limited by structural barriers baked into city planning. And once zoning maps set these patterns, they tend to lock them in for generations. Neighborhoods designated for industrial use rarely transition into thriving residential communities. Single family enclaves resist new housing options that might allow more diverse residents to move in. The design of these maps becomes destiny, but zoning is only one piece of this invisible system. It's not enough to dictate where people live and how their property values move. The next step in the chain is how much wealth families get to keep once they've worked hard to buy homes or start businesses. That brings us to tax codes where rules about deductions, inheritance, and capital gains quietly tilt the playing field even further. Even for black families who manage to overcome zoning barriers, buying property in undervalued neighborhoods, or starting businesses in restricted areas, the story doesn't get easier. Because once that home is bought and that business opens, the next layer of the invisible system kicks in. the tax code. It is a system that looks neutral, filled with complex numbers and rules, but it quietly determines who keeps wealth and who loses it faster than they can build it. The US tax code has long rewarded people who already own valuable assets. Take the mortgage interest deduction, MID, one of the largest housing related tax breaks in the country. The idea behind it is simple. If you're paying interest on your home loan, you can deduct it from your taxable income. effectively lowering your tax bill. But here's the catch. This benefit is far more valuable for households with expensive homes and higher incomes, which historically means white homeowners in affluent neighborhoods. 80% of the MID's $25 billion in annual benefits go to households making more than $100,000 a year. Urban Institute 2021. Black families who were shut out of those high-v valueue neighborhoods for decades due to discriminatory lending and zoning tend to own homes in areas that appreciate more slowly and generate lower deduction amounts. This means that even when black families follow all the financial advice, buy a home, pay the mortgage, and keep it maintained, they get a fraction of the tax benefits their white counterparts receive. The pattern repeats with investment income. The tax code treats money earned from investments like stocks, bonds, and property sales far more favorably than money earned from wages. Long-term capital gains, for example, are taxed at lower rates than regular income. But who has stocks and investment properties to sell? Mostly families that already have wealth. According to Federal Reserve data, only 34% of black families owned stock in 2020, compared to 61% of white families. So, the tax breaks designed to reward investment income overwhelmingly benefit people who were never locked out of the system in the first place. Then comes inheritance. The so-called step up in basis rule resets the taxable value of inherited property to its market value at the time it's passed down, effectively erasing years of capital gains, tax liability. For wealthy families, that means estates worth millions can be handed to the next generation tax-free. But black families, historically denied opportunities to accumulate property or significant stock portfolios, rarely benefit from these inheritance loopholes. And when they do inherit wealth, it is often half the size of white inheritances. The average white heir receives $195,500 while the average black heir receives $100,000. Even small business tax benefits tilt away from black entrepreneurs. Credits and deductions often depend on having high startup capital, advanced accounting, or property in designated development zones. Areas many black businesses can't access because of those same zoning decisions explained earlier. The result is a cycle. Blackowned businesses remain smaller, scale more slowly, and generate lower profits, which in turn reduces their eligibility for tax breaks designed for growth. This isn't about overt discrimination. The laws don't mention race, but when combined with decades of economic exclusion, the effect is almost identical to an explicitly biased system. Black households earn less from home ownership, save less on taxes, and pass on fewer assets to their children, while white households accelerate their wealth generation through tax policies designed to reward existing capital. And when those carefully built assets, homes, businesses, savings are threatened by external forces like redevelopment projects or eminent domain, it's often the law itself that clears the way for removal. Which brings us to the next link in this chain. Legal precedents that made seizing black wealth not only easy, but entirely legal. By the time zoning laws determined where black families could live and tax codes shaped how much wealth they could keep, there was still another question. What happens when someone else wants that land? This is where legal precedents come into play, and their history is just as revealing. Laws designed to appear neutral have time and again given government agencies and private developers the tools to take property from black communities under the banner of progress. The story begins with racially restrictive covenants, a once common practice in the early 20th century. These were contracts written into property deeds explicitly prohibiting the sale of homes to black buyers and often Jewish, Asian or Hispanic buyers as well. While the Supreme Court ruled in Shelley versus Kramer 1948 that such covenants could not be enforced by courts, it was far too late. Black families had already been locked out of entire neighborhoods during the decades when suburban property values were skyrocketing. Even after the ruling, the legacy of those covenants lingered. A 2017 UCLA study found that properties once protected by racial covenants still carried 60% higher values compared to historically unrestricted neighborhoods, showing how these legal precedents created lasting wealth disparities. But exclusion wasn't the only legal tool. There was also eminent domain, the government's right to seize private property for public use. While this law is supposed to benefit society, building highways, rail lines, or public facilities, its application has disproportionately targeted black neighborhoods. One of the most infamous examples is the destruction of St. Paul's Rondo neighborhood for the construction of Interstate 94. Nearly 80% of its residents were displaced, erasing a thriving black middle-class community and wiping out $157 million in property wealth in $220. Rondo's story is not unique. Similar highway and urban renewal projects in Detroit, New Orleans, and Miami's Overtown neighborhood destroyed entire black business districts and residential areas. Even when outright destruction isn't involved, the law has enabled revitalization projects that push black families out through gentrification. Developers often invoke blight designations, labels given to neighborhoods deemed deteriorated to access tax incentives and fasttrack property acquisition. These designations are disproportionately applied to older black neighborhoods, even when those communities are stable and home to long-term residents. Once labeled blighted, property values plummet, making it easier for developers to buy land cheaply and redevelop it for wealthier, often white residents. the legal precedent. Cities and developers argue these takings serve the public interest and courts frequently agree. Financial law has also played its part. Take the 2008 subprime lending crisis. Lenders aggressively pushed black borrowers into highcost subprime mortgages even when they qualified for prime rates. These loans carried higher interest rates and risky terms leading to mass foreclosures when the housing bubble burst. the legal justification. Banks argued risk-based pricing was allowed under federal banking regulations. By the time lawsuits and settlements were discussed, the damage was irreversible. Black households lost 53% of their wealth compared to a 16% drop among white households. All of this shows how the legal system itself has often acted as an accomplice in wealth removal. not just by failing to prevent discrimination, but by actively enabling it under neutral principles like public use, revitalization, and financial risk management. For black families, this means even when they manage to overcome restrictive zoning and disadvantageous tax policies, the law still holds tools that can uproot their progress overnight. And what happens after those assets are taken? The story doesn't end there. it ripples forward, altering not just individual families, but entire generations. That's why the next step in this chain isn't just about the past. It's about how these old precedents have shaped modern financial vulnerability, keeping the racial wealth gap locked in place for decades. Let's pause for a second to say big thank you to the Black Culture Diary community where black voices, stories, and legacies are preserved and amplified. By becoming a member, you're not just supporting the channel, you're becoming part of a powerful cultural movement. Let's continue. When a home, business, or entire neighborhood is taken away, it's easy to focus on the immediate loss, the bulldozed property, the closed storefront, the families forced to move. But what often goes unnoticed is how that one event reshapes wealth for generations. That is the lasting legacy of the zoning restrictions. tax advantages for the already wealthy and legal precedents that make dispossession legal. One loss doesn't just erase the present, it alters the future. Take the Rondo neighborhood again as an example. When Interstate 94 plowed through, 80% of its residents were displaced and 157 million in property wealth vanished. But the impact didn't stop at the families who owned those homes in the 1960s. It extended to their children and grandchildren who never inherited the homes, businesses, or rental properties their families had built. In wealthy, predominantly white suburbs, homes often passed down through generations, serving as collateral for college loans, new businesses, or emergency expenses. In Rondo, that chain was broken overnight. This isn't just one community story. It's systemic. The Federal Reserve reports that black families are five times less likely to receive an inheritance compared to white families. And when they do, the amount is roughly half $100,000 compared to $195,500. That difference often determines whether the next generation can buy a home in a good school district, invest early in retirement, or start a business. Even when black families rebuild after forced displacement, they often do so in undervalued neighborhoods where property values grow slowly, so the wealth gap compounds. A white family might buy a $100,000 home in the 1970s in an appreciating suburb and see it rise to $400,000 today. A black family pushed into an industrial-zoned area might buy a $100,000 home that's worth only $180,000 50 years later because zoning designations and city planning limited neighborhood growth. That difference, hundreds of thousands of dollars, directly affects what can be passed to the next generation. The same logic applies to businesses. A blackowned grocery store forced out of a revitalized area in the 1980s loses not just customers and property, but also the opportunity to build brand equity and expand. Meanwhile, the chain store that replaces it benefits from tax incentives and subsidies. These patterns lock black entrepreneurs into survival mode rather than wealth-b buildinging mode, which affects community employment, local investment, and family financial stability. Then there's the psychological toll, which translates into financial behavior. Families who've lost everything once are often cautious, avoiding risky investments or turning down opportunities because they fear sudden loss again. This risk aversion can further slow wealth accumulation compared to groups who feel secure knowing they have a safety net over time. These repeated losses help explain why the average white family has $188,200 in wealth compared to just $24,100 for the average black family. That gap isn't just a statistic. It's a measure of how invisible systems have kept one group's gains protected while leaving anothers vulnerable. And here's the critical part. These aren't just historical injustices. The structures still exist today, quietly reshaped but still active. Tax advantages still favor inherited wealth. Zoning still separates high and low value areas, and eminent domain is still used for public projects that often displace minority communities. The result, modern black families continue to feel the echo of past losses, sometimes without realizing why they're starting from behind. This generational wealth gap isn't inevitable. It was designed and it's still operating. To understand how it continues today, we need to look at how these invisible systems have adapted, creating new ways to drain wealth even when the old laws have been struck down or reformed. That's where the next point takes us. The modern face of these invisible rules and why they remain so difficult to uproot. Here's a reminder to please like and share the video and subscribe to our channel to watch more videos on black culture, history, civilization, and identity. Let's continue now. By now, it's clear that wealth wasn't just lost in the past. It was systematically redirected. But what makes this story even more unsettling is how these invisible rules didn't vanish when old zoning maps were redrawn or overtly racist covenants were banned. They adapted, taking on new forms that are harder to see and even harder to challenge. One of the clearest examples is gentrification, disguised as revitalization. Cities across the country promote urban renewal projects that promise better housing, improved transportation, and thriving commercial districts. On paper, these initiatives sound like progress. In reality, they often start with developers buying up undervalued property, often in historically black neighborhoods, before driving up prices and taxes so high that original residents can no longer afford to stay. Unlike the blunt highway projects of the past, this process happens incrementally framed as market forces rather than forced displacement. The result is the same. Original communities lose their homes and businesses while outside investors collect the gains. Financial systems have evolved similarly. After the 2008 financial crash exposed how subprime lending devastated black households, regulators tightened some rules. Yet, new practices emerged like predatory rentto own schemes and contract for deed sales. These programs target families shut out of traditional mortgages, often because of outdated credit scoring models that don't reflect true financial stability. The contracts look like home ownership opportunities. But they're loaded with hidden fees, high interest rates, and clauses that make it easy for buyers to lose their homes after just one missed payment. In effect, the same communities devastated by the last financial crisis face modern versions of wealth extraction. Even technology hasn't leveled the playing field. The rise of algorithmic decision-making in banking and insurance has created new barriers. Credit scoring algorithms often rely on data points correlated with historical discrimination, such as ZIP codes or rental payment histories. Studies have shown that black and Hispanic applicants are still more likely to be denied loans or charged higher interest rates, even when income and financial behavior are similar to white applicants. What used to be a banker's personal bias has become a datadriven automated decision, making it harder to prove discrimination while producing similar outcomes. Meanwhile, tax policy continues to favor capital over wages. The wealthy benefit from lower capital gains tax rates, tax deferred investment accounts, and inheritance tax loopholes. Black families who were denied widespread entry into those wealth-b buildinging avenues decades ago are still disproportionately wage earners rather than asset holders. This means that even as income levels slowly improve, wealth gaps remain entrenched. The psychological impact discussed before also plays into modern financial behavior. Communities that have experienced displacement or financial loss often approach home ownership and investment differently, choosing safer but less lucrative financial paths. Paired with systemic barriers like credit scoring and predatory lending, these choices reinforce the cycle. Fewer investments mean fewer tax advantages and slower wealth growth, while outside investors and institutions continue to benefit from neighborhood turnover and rising property values. And all of this operates with little public awareness because these modern systems don't explicitly reference race and are hidden behind technical language, risk assessment algorithms, urban revitalization, alternative financing options. They rarely face the public backlash that older, more explicit discrimination once did. Yet the results are eerily familiar. Black families working harder than ever only to watch wealth move elsewhere while new rules keep the playing field tilted. The chain we traced, zoning restrictions, tax codes, legal precedents, generational loss, hasn't been broken. It's simply been updated. The wealth that vanished in Rondo or through redlinining decades ago continues to ripple forward. Not because of individual failings, but because of systems designed to favor one type of wealther over another. The question now isn't just how we get here, but how do we dismantle these invisible systems that keep repeating the same pattern under a new name? Because until that question is answered, the racial wealth gap will remain less about personal finance and more about a structure designed to quietly drain one group's gains while protecting anothers. Do you think these invisible rules are accidental or were they designed this way from the start? Let us know in the comment section how different America would look today if black wealth had never been drained like this. Do you want to watch more videos like this one? If so, subscribe to our channel and press the bell icon next to it. We have decided to bring videos on something nobody talks about, the black culture, civilization, history, and evidence about how glorious blacks have been. Thanks for watching and until the next video, stay tuned.

- The OMG Girlz vs. OMG Dolls Lawsuit Explained: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello and welcome or welcome back to my channel so it just feels like there is a lot going on in the doll world right now because we have Barbie making a lot of noise and we also have this lawsuit with the OMG dolls so you might be like me meaning that OMG dolls are a little bit after your time but you also might be like me in the sense that the OMG girls were your time and you remember them growing up and because I was a fan of the OMG girls this whole lawsuit between them and the OMG dolls or should I say between TI and Tiny more so and the OMG dolls are the company who owns them this lawsuit in general did catch my intention so I wanted to walk you guys through it so let's go ahead and get into it if you're unfamiliar the OMG girls were a teen Popp and R&B group formed in 2009 the OMG and their name stands for officially misguided which I believe was their first group name misguided was broken up into two words meant to indicate the girls had positive guidance in their career the group was formed by tiny who aside from being well known on reality TV was part of her own girl group escape back in the 9s the OMG girls were signed to Grand Hustle which is TI's independent label and later secured a deal with inner scope the girls were also signed a pretty hustle which I'm assuming is an imprint label of tinies while still trying to gain traction the group was often featured on TI and Tiny the Family Hustle and made a couple appearances on Tiny and Toya the original OMG Girls lineup included zique who's Tiny's daughter rean Carter and Bea and Lis Rodriguez who were sisters and were friends with rein and zique at the time the group formed the girls were all between 11 and 13 years old they all had stage names in the group zix being star bees was baby Lord's was L and rein's was baby Carter after the release of their first single ain't nobody rean left the group just a year after they formed now a trio the OMG Girls released their first single haters which featured the new boys and it honestly doesn't get any more 2010 than that soon after lus left the group because she was considered too young Rihanna wac nicknamed baby doll became the third member of the group after she auditioned having been discovered from a dance video she uploaded on YouTube Gucci This Gucci That was the OMG girl's first official single as the new Trio and was also their first after signing with inner scope in 2011 the girls embarked on their first tour the scream tour Next Generation which included other teen acts like DIY Simmons and Jacob Latimore aside from their music the OMG girls were well known for their colorful hair makeup and clothing while being colorful was definitely the name of the game in the early 2010s the girls more specifically became fashion icons for a lot of young black girls who may not have seen themselves in several of the other popular teen acts of the time we're just working on a lot of stuff right now we're really working on merchandise and know like with the shirts and you know clothes and stuff like that nail polishes for sure and like makeup and stuff like that um we're trying to get into TV so we've been working on that trying to you know get get a little show going so you might see OMG on your TV a little bit more and stuff like that that but I mean yeah we just we're just working in in every which way we can go dolls perfume hair clothes shoes makeup OMG by take over baby paint the world pink purple and blue I remember wanting a colorful so in so bad back then because of them in 2013 the OMG Girls along with Coco Jones were supporting act for the all-around the world tour with mil Behavior another popular team group at the time that year they released five more singles yet according to to their Spotify and all music profiles the girls never put out a full album in 2014 the OMG Girls released their last single boy it's over which samples jaged Edges song girl it's over by 2015 the OMG girls had announced their disbandment saying they would be pursuing solo projects and careers by this time the girls were approaching their 20s and likely wanted to Branch out and not make the same music they had in their earlier teen years however their girls have reunited a couple times since in January of 2018 they reunited to perform at the Great Escape Tour which itself was a reunion tour for escape in 2016 MGA entertainment released the first line of LOL surprise dolls LOL which stands for little outrageous Littles refers to the tiny stature of the Dolls which are about 3 in in height they come in plastic balls meaning each doll is a surprise and come with stickers and other accessories not only are they toys they're also considered Collectibles and by 2017 they became the number one doll in the world selling over 2.5 million in less than 6 months in 2019 MGA unveiled the OMG line of the LOL surprise dolls OMG standing for outrageous Millennial girls they were meant to be the so-called Big Sisters for the LOL surprise dolls the original four dolls in the line were named Royal be neon Licious swag and Lady Diva according to their Wiki there have since been more than 70 dolls added to the OMG line including boy dolls in April of 2022 zi and Tiny took to social media to point out the similarities between the OMG dolls and the OMG Girls implying their likeness was used as the basis for the dolls zi also put up a poll asking her fans whether they felt there was a similarity between the OMG Girls and the OMG dolls and 95% of them agreed with her and of course do be sure to weigh in with your opinion down in the comments aside from the OMG girls tiny also criticized MGA entertainment for creating the major lady doll which she felt was modeled after her even if you don't see the likeness I do have to point out that using the word major or whatever was kind of tiny s she doesn't own the word major by any means but it is something she's known for and is associated with her in 2022 tiny and TI followed a lawsuit against MGA entertainment under the grounds of copyright infringement claiming the OMG dolls stole the OMG Girls likeness as well as their intellectual property they sought $100 million in Damages claiming at least 31 of the OMG dolls infringed on their copyright in their lawsuit TI tiny claimed the animated OMG dolls copy the OMG girl's distinctive physical appearance hairstyles and hair colors and dress and mimic the OMG Girl release sound recordings according to TI and Tiny back in 2010 MGA entertainment had reached out to create a line of dolls inspired by the OMG girls but they' failed to secure a licensing agreement and didn't discuss compensation with them TI and Tiny's lawyer also claimed NGA entertainment was aware of the OMG Girls citing an email on their service from December of 2019 that proved they were aware consumers were mixing up the dolls in the girl group TI and Tiny were of the opinion that the creation of the OMG dolls not only stole their intellectual property but was also a case of cultural appropriation as the dolls took the likenesses of young Multicultural women MG said the OMG dolls were not inspired by the OMG girls but by the colorful hair and outfits of other artists like Katy Perry Nicki Minaj and Lil Kim during her testimony zique responded to mga's lawyer saying OMG fun is random it's colorful a lot of girls don't just put on three shirts and two twos and walk outside to go to the grocery store I don't believe that no lawyers for MGA entertainment demanded a mistrial due to the claims of cultural appropriation being thrown into the mix this was in part caused by deposition given by a parent named monice Campbell who said she would no longer purchase OMG dolls after the controversy in her deposition she claimed MGA steals from African-Americans and their ideas and profits off of it Campbell also claimed that in general people are able to steal from the black community and profit mga's attorneys claimed Campbell's emotional deposition was grounds for mistrial as her claims couldn't be proven or disproven within the trial but would still color juror's opinions in January of 2023 a mistrial was declared after the mistrial MGA released a statement saying diversity has always been a key value we are disappointed that the trial was cut short but look forward to vindicating our rights in the next trial in May of 2023 the second trial began TI Tani zi and basa were all intendant for the retrial still MGA was of the opinion the lawsuit was baseless Jennifer Keller a lawyer for MGA entertainment stated they want tens of millions of dollars from MJ entertainment for doing absolutely nothing and I do mean nothing we're going to show you that the OMG girls actually copied us and now complain we look like them they were Trend followers not Trend Setters the trial lasted for 10 days and on May 26th a California jury decided MGA entertainment did not infringe on any copyrights or intellectual property related to the OMG Girls nor was there any appropriation Isaac laran the CEO of MGA entertainment referred to the lawsuit as a Shakedown and said he was glad for the jury's quick decision he claimed I'm not happy because I waste a lot of time and energy my employees time and energy to deal with an extortion they knew from the beginning they didn't have a case and they brought it anyways and they picked on the wrong guy in regards to the ruling tiny told law 360 it's horrible but whatever TI claimed though he respected the verdict he did want to hear more about what the jurors had to say recently the OMG girls have announced the reunion and it seems the group is now going by just OMG just days ago they post on their Instagram account for the first time in over 5 years showing their back in the studio it seems like they've been teasing this comeback since last year as they recorded a couple YouTube videos reflecting on their career and constructive criticism they'd received over the years in their Wiki page says they've resumed activity as of 2023 so hopefully we'll have some new music to look forward too soon honestly I am in full support of an OMG girls or just OMG I guess now comeback and I feel like this would be a good time to do it because it does seem like girl groups are making a comeback right now especially in the R&B sense so if OMG really is coming back I can't wait to stream honestly but as always make sure you let me know your thoughts and opinions on the lawsuit whether you think they had a case whether you think the OMG dolls might have taken a little bit from the OMG girls make sure you let me know what you think down below as always thank you so very much for watching be sure to like comment and subscribe so that you can stick around for more also make sure you follow me on Twitter so that you can keep up with me there and if you'd like to become a channel member the link is in the video's description again thank you so very much for watching I will see you so very soon and I love you all so very much bye-bye

- Kath Montstream: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Gifted Underachievers, the podcast for mid-level creatives with delusional ambitions. In this segment, Pat and James talk with Burlingtonbased artist Kath Monstream. Topics include art as personal savior, marketing, finding a mentor, taking risks, accepting failure as part of the path, perseverance, inspiration needs to find you working, music as artists assistant, cold water dipping, mother Mary and prayer, and of course, delusional ambitions. Let's join the conversation. So, here we are with Kath Monstream. She's a Burlingtonbased artist. Uh she's been working as a full-time artist for 34 years or is that a little longer perhaps? >> Uh you you do the math. I don't know. I think that's right. >> For 34 years. uh married, three grown kids, dogs, cats, uh found and also importantly founder of Red Hot Chili Dippers, which is a group of cold water immersion enthusiasts who swim in Lake Champlain most days. But if you go on Instagram and follow them, which I highly recommend, uh you can see Kath swimming in the winter just about anywhere she can find water deep enough. And it's really kind of cool. and got me motivated to want to get into it. Um, and I think probably motivated a lot of people. So, um, it's a lot of fun. So, please check it out. And she's also an incredibly talented artist. We'll have links to her work, her, uh, web page and one thing and another, uh, with the episode. So, please look for that. She's wonderful. Um, check her out. And, uh, Kath, welcome. Thank you. >> Well, thanks for having me. Thank you so much. >> Oh, you're you're welcome. We very happy to have you here. And so we were reading through your um the bio that you sent us and it's interesting. It tells a couple of stories, sort of infers a few stories, but certainly one of them is resilience and uh you know, you had this goal of going to the UN University of Vermont, affectionately known as Groovy UV or UVM, and uh they they turned you down, you persisted. I believe they turned you down again. >> Yeah. wondering if you kind of tell that story because you know one of the things about this whole >> you know being able to achie a achieve sort of the you know mid-level career status as a creative is overcoming obstacles and some of us face more some of us face less and this obviously >> was a bit of an obstacle for you. Yeah, I grew up in Connecticut and I couldn't wait to be I I grew up skiing and so I just couldn't wait to be in Vermont as soon as I was old enough and so going to college. The most obvious choice is UVM. Like my goodness, who doesn't want to be in Burlington, Vermont, where Stow is an hour away, the lake is down the street, Montreal is, you know, two hours away. It's just perfect. And back then, of course, the drinking age was 18, so all those fun bars were open for me. Um, but uh, alas, I did not get in. My grades were not terrific. I don't think they And I would have I would give so much money to read what what did I write in my essay. It must have been probably how much I loved skiing and couldn't wait to be out of Connecticut, but I'm not sure. But I got a no. And I was like, okay, that's that's fine. That'll happen. and uh went to Green Mountain College instead, which which was really great. Impne now defunct. Um and I knew all along I was like, I'll get into UVM when I transfer. You wait and see. So I was like, I got this. And people were like, oh, you should take some art classes. I'm like, no, those don't transfer. I'm going to go to UVM. I don't not taking any art classes. >> Um so no way. So, I apply in uh I apply after my for my junior year, I applied to go to UVM and CU Boulder. Um, and in oh gosh, January, I got a yes from CU Boulder. I still hadn't heard from UVM in May. And in June, I had an interview at UVM and then they said no. So, I was like >> running through the streets screaming like, "What do I do? I already said no to to see you, Boulder." But alas, CU Boulder took me and I had a wonderful time in Boulder. I skied so much and I was on their like club ski team. Um, loved it. So, it worked out perfectly because I got to see another part of the world and uh >> soon as I was old enough, I was like, I'm gonna live in Burlington, Vermont. They can't keep me out. So, I moved here uh kind of cold to Turkey. Just knew I probably these were probably going to be my people and Bernie Sanders was the mayor and I was like, "Yep, I'm going to like it there." So, here I am all these years later. >> Cool. >> Good. Good. And was art always, you know, your passion and what you were going to do or did did you have to kind of find your way to it? Art was always my it was more of my savior if you could use that like religion. I'm not religious but that really did save me in elementary school when I couldn't do a lot of other good things well. I wasn't a good student at all. I really had trouble staying focused and god I was terrible at kickball which is the worst thing that can happen to you in elementary school because you just get picked last year after year after year and it's like oh my gosh talk about like a a boost or like a confidence deflator. It's like oh my goodness. And now I play like adult soccer. I don't know. I was just a late bloomer. >> And back then my parents were kind of hippies. You know, if that had been my kids, I would have took taken them out to the backyard be like, "Let's learn how to contact on this ball and like they I would have been like tutorialing my kids in kickball." But >> um but art was like kind of the one thing that I got like some respect from from the other kids all through elementary school and up through high school. That was the one thing I was sort of good at. So I I feel like it kind of saved me and I was really grateful that I had that. >> You know, you just need one thing that you can hang on to. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And it and it gave you a sense of identity and and self and purpose, right? >> Absolutely. And you could feel the kids like walking behind you looking. It's like, haha, life is good. I got this. Um, but I had I really did feel like that was a place and and fortunately my parents saw that and they enrolled me in every afterchool summer pro program that they could and I loved it. And so I got to study at the Wadssworth Aanium and Hartford and um I had a really great plain air um teacher who took us all over to different places and museums to paint and draw. And so I feel really lucky that I had parents that really were paying attention and then trying to basically build on what they thought I was good at besides kickball. I needed some help there, but they really helped me with with my art. >> Cool. That's that's really cool. You know, so my parents were very good at helping me with kickball and uh terrible with helping me as a writer. I was I was like you, you know, not a good student. for some reason I could write and I could write things that made the other kids laugh and so that kind of helped give me that that little bit of identity and um you know did you as you're going through this and taking these classes and your parents are supporting you and and that kind of thing did you have as your goal I'm going to be an artist or was you know did that take a little bit of time too >> oh hell no because I didn't want to be a bohemian and have no money I wanted to buy a house and have a cool car. And I wanted to go skiing at Stow. There's no way. Why would I be an artist? I'd be poor. And I had no desire. I wanted to be upwardly mobile in whatever way I could. So I was not I knew that a career of art is not going to probably work out because really it doesn't for most people. And so I didn't have any idea. That was that was by accident really. >> Huh. That's kind of amazing because so the post the uh the cards, you know, you did 15,000 cards in two >> years. >> Was that before like like a what point in your trajectory was that a good Did that seem like the way to go forward? Were you just >> Well, I didn't plan on doing 15,000. It was just like they stores would run out and I'd make more and then the stores ran out and I'd make more. So it's kind of like I I really all these things have been very organically very I I am a goal oriented person but I certainly had no goals around spec specifically becoming like oh if I could make this much money a month I could actually I probably did think of that I could support myself and I certainly did the numbers. Um, so they cost me 10 cents to make uh the cost of the card and the envelope and I was selling them for $1.50 at wholesale. So I was like, those numbers are great and you're selling dozens and dozens and dozens at a time. So I just have to paint them, right? No big deal. >> So anyway, I just got so I was really good at like manufacturing. I could I could do I would set out this huge piece of paper, tape it off carefully. So you have all these grids and then you do, you know, so you get the orders come in dozens. So you have to always do 14 because two of your cows are going to look like monkeys in or camels. So you go and you do all the skies on the 14 and then you do all of the tulips, the yellow tulips and drop in the color. Then you do all of the uh the the mountain range and you just kind of build them and then you pull the tape and it's like ah. And then you rip them up and tape and then uh glue them down to a piece of uh plain card stock and stamp the back and boom, you owe me a $150. And they would sell them for $3 and order dozens and dozens at a time. I was kind of like, well, I can do this. Um this is fun and it's better than my other two jobs. I was selling real estate, which was, you know, really hard and interesting, but not something I really wanted to do. Um, and I was just I was a waitress, which was great, but I didn't want to do that for too long, you know, a few years. Um, so all of a sudden, I was like, I can be I can do this. And what I didn't realize is I remember my watercolor teacher saying to me, "How do you make a tulip so like so exact or perfect every time like on these cards?" And I was like, "I don't know. I've already made like 500 of those this year or something." And what I didn't realize is I was doing the 10,000 hours to proficiency. That's like kind of like, isn't that how you get good at something? You just keep repeating it until and grow. And I think I was just I didn't know it, but that's what I was doing. So, it was actually a really, really good time. Those two years, I was just practicing my craft basically. >> So, that's how it started. >> And then, go ahead. >> Oh, well, I was just, you know, curious, um, you know, so obviously you had to do some marketing around the cards and and it wasn't just I made cards and then all of a sudden they they sold. How did that kind of come together, too? Yeah, I um I was very brazen and would just go into stores and I had a I had a strategy. They don't want you to walk in and show them stuff because half the time it puts them on the spot. They don't want that. So, what I did is walk in to make an appointment. So, instead of calling, I'd be like, "Hey, my name's Kath Monstream and I make handmade watercolors. Is there a time that your green card buyer might be willing to take a look at these?" And most of the time they'd say, "Oh, well, what do you got? Let's see." >> So then I felt like they would see them and they're like, "Oh, these are cool." So I I feel like most of the stores said yes. And then I just started getting orders and I'm like, "Oh, I got to do that. I got to fill this order." And so it became kind of like a fun, it was fun for a while, then it got really hard because I I realized near the end of the two years I couldn't grow the business. I could only make so many a year. So it really had like a stopping point of and I was getting a little burnt out. So I knew that there was definitely I I I knew I just couldn't grow it. That was it. So that's when we decided to print the images on, you know, offset printing and then go to the Javit Center and see the world at the stationary show, which is very exciting and overwhelming, and try to get some reps and then you, you know, start printing cards, which I call feeding the dragon, because they always need new ones. It's like, oh my god, oh my god. Um, but that's what we do. Been feeding that dragon for what, 30, what, however many years you said. It's been a while. I don't I always encourage people to check stuff out, but keep your other jobs. And I think that was really important is I kept my other two day jobs or my night job and really didn't rely on it and throw all my eggs into one basket because that that's too stressful. >> But I think it just sort of was happening. Like there's something about art. It's so subjective. And I don't know why people like my art, but they have always been I' I've had wonderful patrons over the years. And so for some reason I get a response from people that makes them really happy and they feel joy and they tell me that they love looking at it. And so I guess the difference is do people actually write a check or Venmo you or do they just clap? And they seem to write checks. So I was like okay I'll have another show. And then >> awesome. >> Yeah it was very surpris every time it was surprising like oh that sold all those sold. Okay. I'll make some more paintings, I guess, you know. >> Well, that's great. That's great. But at the same time, I don't mean to imply that there wasn't perseverance because you are working hard and you are producing 15,000, you know, postcards and then from there growing that into, you know, what you're doing now. And um maybe you could give a little description of that transition because in your bio you mentioned that you there was a fellow named Larry Goldsmith who acted as something of a mentor. >> Yeah, he was wonderful. Um, after not getting into UVM, I decided to enroll in UVM continuing education because, you know, there's no application, you just have to pay. So, I did get into that. Um, >> so Larry Goldsmith was kind of like the the OG of um like painting like these loose open watercolors that are just very expressive and big. And I was just stunned by his work. It was like I I was painting like little kittens, you know, with balls of yarn and and model men models with horses and but badly and I just like had tiny little brushes and a seal and a rock and a I just didn't know how to be expressive or loose. And so meeting Larry Goldsmith was so instrumental for me because I understood what he did. like I I just was like, "Oh my god, that's what I want to do." You start with a whole page wet and you just lay in the color and then start to tip it. And so that opened me up to an to really finding like my style and my and and it's fast. So it was like really like I can produce really quickly. I'm not agonizing over a painting for a month. It's like I I can do this and it can be quick. Um it doesn't always work the first try, but that's okay. So, he was really helpful to me. Um, and and I would go up to him. I remember my I would say, "I don't know what to do. What should I do with this painting?" And he'd just look at it and he'd say, "Sign it." >> Oh, wow. So he was like he was very quietly um you know I think he really I was probably one of his better students and I think we really clicked and so it I I ended up like taking classes and visiting with him for 17 years and he um he had a house in Mheaggan with his wife and so I got to Maine uh this island where where Jamie Wyth has his house and all these cool people and um yeah it was really a great relationship and I learned so much from him. If I hadn't met him, I don't know if I really would have figured out how to open that up and make it, you know, the art that it is today. So, I'm super grateful for He had a book called, he has a book out called Watercolors, Bold and Free, and it's still being published even though he uh passed away maybe a dozen years ago now, but it's a great book. And uh I was like, "Yeah, I want to do that. That looks fun. That's cool." Yeah, >> forget about my horses and my kittens. Those were bad. >> So, so he he helped you fi, you know, find your voice as an artist. Um, you know, we've talked about mentorship in a in a past u segment and thinking of it in terms of one h helping you improve as an artist or a creative person, but also potentially opening some doors and and you know getting broader access. Was that part of that relationship as well? Um I think yeah I think because he allowed me to to really change what change up what I was doing it became more accessible to like having my first shows and I kind of understood like oh I can do this because I don't have to just make little cards like I can make big paintings and so once I figured that out and started understanding like how to do it like there was so much of it is I mean obviously it's it's expression and it's talent, but for him, but for me, it was also learning how do you do that? And then once I saw it, I was like, "Oh, I get it. I I see what you're doing and I I want to try that." So, I think I always feel like I got like an IV from him to me. It was just like, "Yeah, I got this." Oh, cool. >> So, even with the um the sort of logistics or you know business end of getting into galleries or or getting your own gallery was did you learn from Larry on that too or was that kind of all over the place in >> Yeah. No, I think I mostly once once my once the painting started selling, then it was just a matter of having exhibits and and having a place to paint that, you know, was my own and not just at home in a corner. Um, so I really didn't he he didn't that wasn't part of what I learned from him. He was just such an inspiration to to keep painting and and to do it in a way that that was joyful and unexpected and unpredictable. >> Yeah. Cool. I love that. Sign it. You know what? Just sign it. It's like uh I met a writer in residence in one of the they have a library program here and he says I had a story I was working on and he read part of it and said, "Yeah, what?" And I was like, "What should I do?" He's just like, "Send it out. Start sending it out." And it's uh it's so >> weirdly it's all you needed, you know, but you could you couldn't say that to yourself because you've got no objectivity around your own work. So to have somebody say that to you, it's like something you never forget, >> right? It is true. It was it was very Yeah. kind of cathartic and like a >> like, oh, I'm I'm on to something here. >> And >> yeah, so that was very very fortunate that I had the courage to take that class and I was, you know, it's always scary taking a class because you think, what if I'm terrible? What if everybody's, you know, you're just like, "Oh god, here we go." But it was it was great. I'm glad I um I got out of the car. I was very nervous and I think my husband was sort of pushing me out the out the car. I go, "Oh, go do it. Go get out." You know? >> Scared. >> So there's that that gumption as an artist, right? you know that um you know as you said having the courage to to take the class and then get out of the car and go to the class and feeling a little bit of that um am I good enough and being able to overcome that and >> you know you have daughters and and when in your ver virtual tour of your studio you show some of their artwork and they're both very good too. Do you find yourself encouraging other artists and and if so how do you do that? What is what do what do you what are your thoughts about you know being a mentor as well as being mentored? H I think uh for me what what I like to focus on is with people if they ask me is um to not give up. Like you we're all going to make paintings that we hate and just think, "My god, what am I doing? This is awful." And that's when most of us stop. We put down our brushes and we just don't go back to it. So you have these big gaps. And I try to encourage people to work through that. take advantage of those times when you're painting things that you just think are the worst things ever because that's that's a you don't have to save it. That's a chance to get out some different mediums and and and try coloring on it with with colored pencils or fold it up and what what would happen if you took a quarter of that page. Actually, that quarter is really nice. Um and really not stopping because what you're doing is is making you is not bringing you joy and it's bringing you angst. I get that. That happens to me all the time. But I know I have to work through that. And that's I guess the difference between being someone who makes a living doing it versus a hobby. I think if it's a hobby, you just want to give up and be like, "Ugh, this isn't fun. Why should I?" But um in the Dutch uh soccer league or football, um there's a there's a statistic that you have to shoot 11 times to get a goal in like their in their professional league. So that means you have to fail 10 times before that. And when you're failing on number eight, you're like, "Oh, good. I am only three away from getting a goal statistically." And when you when you miss on number 10, 10 in a row, you've missed. Yay. Statistically, the next one is gonna I'm going to score. So, I love that because that's really also kind of the same with art. Sometimes you just go through these paintings that are just not doing anything for you, but you got to push through. And I think that's my best advice that I try to give to people because otherwise we just stop. >> You know, you're like, you're discouraged and it's like, well, why would you go back to that? >> So, how do you >> stop? >> It is easy to stop. And and so, how do you go back to the next day? Oh, yeah. I want to paint again. It's like, no, I don't. I hate what I did. >> So, I I think I'm learned that that is part of my process. It's like anything. You're not going to be better at the gym every single day and you're not going to be better at painting every single day and you're not going to be better at singing every day. Whatever. Like you have to accept the failures of as part of the process. >> And and you mentioned in that which I think is is really nicely worded um that you still feel angst sometimes. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh my gosh. >> What what angst do you feel? You know, and I and I I asked that knowing that I feel angst constantly. >> Yeah. I feel the I I feel the angstiest of the angst. I just can't. It's just like this frustrating like discouraging Yeah. feeling and you just But I I do know it's part of it, but it it's really I wish I could skip it. And I think, you know, but it I Yeah. I just it's so subjective. It's not like like I always say, "God, I wish I just worked at City Market because you could say, "Here's these dirty carrots. Wash all these and then line them up nicely in the box." Okay, then you could check it off. But with art, like you could you could work on it for an hour and make it worse. >> And it's like, "Oh my god, what am I doing? I don't know. Oh, this is stupid. What am I doing?" You know, you can kind of get inside your head about it. And um even though I've had a lot of success, I still do that. And uh but I do but I do know I just need to work through that. That's part of it. I think of the Dutch League. I'm going to fail a lot um before I get on to something. Something will happen. And it's Oh, there's a great quote by Picasso. It says, "Inspiration will find you. Inspiration is there, but it needs to find you working." >> Oh, wow. >> That makes sense to me. Don't just procrastinate and sit around and think like do something. make some marks on a paper, even if it's for 15 minutes or 10. Don't don't maybe just marks, not even a real painting of anything in particular. And I do love that. I feel like once you start making marks and mixing colors, you will have those aha moments. I can't say when, and you don't know when they're going to come, but you know, you're trying to get to that. And so I can't get to it unless I start painting. >> Great. So the there's, you know, the creatives, artists, writers, what have you, who will be, you know, I'm waiting for the muse, right? I can't produce until I feel motivated, until I >> Yes. >> Oh, God. Everyone says, >> get down to work, you know, be an artist. >> Yes. And most people are like, "Oh, do you have to you have to wait to be inspired?" It's like, "Oh, heck no. If I had to wait to be inspired, I'd do two paintings a year." >> No. I can't wait for that. That's just silly. No, but they don't know. And it's a great question, but I'm like, no, you just have to do it. Like laundry, you just got to keep up with it. as mid-career uh artists, let's say. um you have some confidence that when you're feeling that angst and anxiety uh and uh you know I don't know if I can do this that you you have this sense of no no you know I can do it let me get into my process and that's and do you find that just getting into your process you know the like you said the mixing of colors the the setting up of a canvas on an easel what whatever you know however you describe your process helps bring and calm. >> Yeah, I think that well there's two things I need to do is sometimes I just need to stop and clean up and get my fune back and if it's just chaotic I find that really distracting and I'm so easily distracted that that kind of bothers me. So sometimes it's like you know what I'm going to take the morning and I'm gonna rearrange and put things and then it feels like okay fresh start here we go and then the other thing is music. I I just can't paint without it. It just puts me, it helps me get to that zone that we're all trying to find where we lose track of time and we're just in it and it's like, "Oh, I'm in it. How did I get here? I don't know. Shut up. Keep painting." >> So music without sometimes I start painting and if I don't have music on, I'm just like, "Wow, I'm not feeling it." I'm like, "Oh yeah, I forgot to." Yeah. So that's really important for me personally, not everybody, but is like taking the time to kind of put things in order and and fix up my paints and, you know, that really kind of clears my mind and helps me to kind of relax and be like, "Okay, this place looks good. Let's just we're ready to work now." You know, you feel like that's really nice. >> And so got to ask, what what music? What what >> um I knew I I figured you were gonna ask that. I'm like, "Ooh, well, I use Spotify because I like Spotify because it knows me. We are best friends. It knows my music." And I think that is genius. Best $12 a month ever spent. But um I love Radio Head, although sometimes it's a little too uh kind of sad and I a little bit too heavy for me, but I just cry through it. Um so I do love Radio Head. that's really good to paint, too. I love prints. Um I love like a lot of contemporary artists and I can listen to like certain um people that have like kind of indie style or bluegrass, you know, it just depends on my mood. And then pop I'll put I love Billy Isish. I'll listen to Justin Timberlake. I I I that's great. Like so um Oh, Stevie Wonder. Yeah, >> I've been doing songs in the key of life like over and over again lately because it's the whole thing is so good. >> So, um, and then if I don't know, it doesn't matter. My best friend Spotify knows what I like, so he can decide for me. And I do love that. And I find new music. So, I'm very grateful for that um for that option because otherwise I think I would spend too much time thinking about what do I want to listen to and this way it just starts. >> And and so music with lyrics does it throw you off. >> No, not at all. No, no, that's >> not not in the least. I think I don't know if I could do podcasts. >> I think that would be I like the idea of it. Not sure. I haven't really done that. I love I love the idea of podcasts, but I hardly ever get around to listening to them because anytime I have time, I usually go to music. So, >> um but if I'm driving, then I can listen to podcasts. But >> um but I haven't done that much with um with >> with uh painting. But during the pandemic, I would watch I got so I could watch the Metropolitan Opera and I put the um the phone on top of my easel so I could watch the opera and paint. >> Oh wow. >> That was really fun. I was kind of like it was sort of like cheating. It's like I'm watching opera and painting your sky. >> It's like it's like exercising um and watching a movie at the same time or something. You're killing two birds. Yeah, it was really neat. It was And I I obviously couldn't have painted something like I was working on something really cerebral. I was like really intense, but like if I'm just painting uh another like something that I'm familiar with like the lake or the sunset or you know, I can I can do that. I know the steps and you know, you're not going to finish it, but I could at least get a layer in and >> yeah, >> watch the opera. Madam Butterfly. >> And they've got such great costumes, too. I don't know how much detail you can see on your phone, but that that kind of visual. >> Yeah, you kind of can you see it better than you think, you know? You're stepping close and moving back and I don't know, you kind of >> It was interesting. That was kind of a fun little experiment to do that. Just trying to mix it up during pandemic. Anything to change the channel, you know, it's just so stressful. >> So, that was great. And then uh gotta ask, how does Red Hot Chili Dippers fit in all of this? Is this >> um Right. Well, it really started during the pandemic because it was just so stressful. Every day you're just like, "Oh my god, are we all going to die?" And in what order, you know, like am I first or am I last? It was just terrifying. And you know, the all like, well, with everything in life, the things that are the scariest are the unknown. And so we were in a position of having this incredible unknown and then also seeing what was actually happening around the world. So I just felt like I needed to like conchk my head with a hammer or something. But that wasn't a good idea. I just need to do something to like again change my channel. And so I started I had gone in cold water before but that just seemed like a really good idea because you just want to forget about everything for a minute. And so during that time your body is walking into the cold water, you do forget about all of your your own internal your your head sort of spills out because you can't hold it because your body's like, "Oh, oh, oh, we're going to die. This is really cold. >> We will not survive this." Um, so that's the beauty of it. It's like this pallet cleanser in this really terrific way. And I don't like doing it. it's really hard and it hurts and it's it's terrible and I oh my gosh, but I love how I feel after. So happy and proud of myself. So I found that was really helpful. >> Um and then I would post a picture and people like, "Well, when are you doing that again? I want to come." And so it was something we could gather and do. It was outside. We were we could stay away from each other. Some people even wore masks and um it became kind of a little band of people that really wanted to to do that. So that was kind of where it started. And then I was like, "Oh, we need a name." So I was throwing all these dorky names around that were very generic. And my youngest daughter goes, "Oh, Red Hot Chili Dippers." I was like, "That's it. That's brilliant. I love it." And like that's it. So then we just decided and then I had all these um have you heard of Pete Cuchucha? >> Petucha is a um a form of showing slides to an audience. You can only show each slide for 20 seconds and speak about that slide for 20 seconds and then it changes and you only get 20 slides. So you have seven minutes. >> Wow. And it started in Japan when architects, I believe, spoke too long about the designs that they were projecting or offering up to their committee or whatever. So, it's a way of really cleaning up your presentations in a very concise way. And so, I had prepared to do pachukucha about cold water dipping. I have all these great photos and then it got cancelled. But then I was like, well, I guess I'll just take these pictures and put them on a new Instagram page and call it Red Hot Chili Dippers. And that's how it sort of started. >> Awesome. >> So, I had I love photography and I love the I love looking at images and light. So, to me, that's like half the fun is this juxtaposition of this bar almost naked body in this like extraordinarily extreme cold. Like, it makes no sense. And to me that's makes very arresting photographs. >> It's like what the actual f is happening here? How is this even a thing? So to me I love that part. It's so it's so exciting and like >> and kind of very unexpected in a lot of ways that you can do that. Like it doesn't make sense and that's what I love. >> Very cool. >> Yeah. I saw one of your Instagram photos. There's a >> like a I want to call it merch. It's like a little round black badge with um red hot chili dippers. >> Did you >> How did you make that or where? >> Oh, >> is that more than one? >> It was it a sticker? Maybe >> it might have been a sticker. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. I ordered a I ordered a bazillion stickers. I hand them out at um the open dips and it's so cool. You see them on people's water bottles. Makes me so happy. >> So, I have Oh, here it's on my on my >> Oh, very cool. >> Yeah. So that's my daughter's um she does lenolium block carving. So I had her carve that out. And so we have t-shirts and we have sweatshirts and mostly just for our more um immediate group which is like around 20 of us. Yeah. >> But then the stickers I just would hand out at open what I call open dips which is when I open it up to everybody. I don't do that very often. Like maybe a couple maybe once a week or or a couple times a month >> because I'm very I'm very It's hard when you get new people that don't have experience. You see them coming and it's extreme and it looks like we make it look really fun because it is. But we're also acclimated. And so >> it's hard when new people come and in the middle of the winter you're like, "Oh no, I hope he doesn't have a heart attack." We never really had anything bad happen, but it is, you know, I I do have to remind myself and others that it is, you know, something could happen. >> It kind of in the context of merch, chili dipping, all that kind of stuff. You know, bring up the the crass topic of marketing >> and is that some, you know, I think, you know, Pat and I talk about this as as a conscious effort. You know, it's something that we do with intention. And is that true for you as well? >> In which realm? In in the art world. >> Well, in your in your art >> art world. Yes. >> I am I am bananas on marketing and I I I don't like it, but it really is important. And so, what does that mean to define that for me? My daughter and I are having an exhibit that opens next Thursday and it's both of our paintings that are um it's called color of snow and it's all about winter and heavy treeladen um snowladen tree branches and swimming holes in winter waterfalls just pure color of snow and some really plain like like Rothcoesque paintings that she did. So how do I get people there? Well, there's like 12, you know, I have to really work hard. It's like make postcards and hang on. Um, make postcards and pass them out and make sure you talk to your friends about it. Um, emailing people, email list, you know, um, lo local papers need to be told. Uh, you need to text the people that have bought paintings in the past. And the list just goes on and on and it's great, but without doing that, >> people aren't going to come. It's just not like you've got to you've got to let people know and every which way you can think of. >> That's the clearest I've ever heard it put about especially about how to get people out to shows because I'm I've been going to a lot of readings lately. Um I had a book come out and I was trying to figure out how to flog it. >> Yeah. So I started going to everybody's readings that I could find and uh it really is if you don't tell people nobody shows it's logical but you know there's this kind of idea in in some creative you know like artists not necessarily visual artists but writers and so on um in their minds that doing it is enough and then it's up to the publisher it's up to if you have a gallery it's up to the gallery and it's really not >> no and I think well we have since I have my own gallery like it'd be nice if I have I you know somebody else is doing all that but since it's me I just have to focus on it and and you know I like to say hey we're having it's free beer you know like I sort of make a joke about it but um I think that yeah they're not going to come and I feel like you for me it's like when you've been working on something for like maybe this has been 10 months it's like I just want people to see it you know they might buy it they might not but I really just want people to come and see uh both of our work and what we've really put like poured everything into. And so to me, that's what it's about. So it's like not being afraid to the main thing I know this is such a pain is individually contacting people either by a quick text with a photo or um or sending out personalized postcards and that takes so much time, but that works so much better than social media. Social media is great, but people don't really catch it. And I'm always like when I tell people they're like, "Oh my god, that sounds so great." Well, they clearly haven't seen my posts, you know, they didn't know about it. >> But when and and that's hard to do, but I think asking people to come is they like that. >> You know, it's like, oh yeah, it's like, will you please come to my reading? I'm going to read next Thursday around. Oh, yeah. Gosh, I'd love to. So, you feel kind of like, oh, that person asked me. That's nice. So you have to kind of get over yourself like and be well like a little brazen about it. But it's a little easier doing it with my daughter because I I can kind of say, "Oh, you know, you got to see her new work. You're going to love it." And and there is free beer. Um but I >> Yeah, I I think that's that's I think that's really hard doing that. I I think I'm kind of good at it, but I I it's it's hard. It's like every day for about two weeks. I'm working on that every day for maybe an hour or more of different angles. >> And I think it's interesting that, you know, I agree with you that social media um its ability to actually move people is pretty limited. And in publishing for a long time, they talk about platforms. So if you pitch a book to an agent or a publisher, they want to see a huge platform. And one of the ways they measure that is by how many, you know, followers, social media followers you have, >> right? >> But it actually doesn't translate necessarily into sales because people like Justin Timberlake, Billy Isish have published memoirs with huge advances that massively underperformed um because they were kind of relying on that social media presence, >> right? I think it's great that you're, you know, you're taking it out of that realm and saying, "No, no, no. Let's bring it back a little bit more real world." >> Yeah. Yeah. I think Yeah. >> Connect. >> Well, then and you hope then there's some word of mouth and, you know, you just have to go for it and >> And and she and my daughter are doing the same. So, um, we should have a hopefully a good turnout between the two of us because the last thing you want is to put on one of these events and look around and be like, where is everybody? Like, I never want that to happen. So, that's why partly probably is my ego. I don't want that to happen and I know how to avoid that. I just have to keep asking people or telling them about it and and dropping a couple 10 more postcards in the mail and >> getting out that uh email newsletter blast. that work that the emails work pretty well. >> Anyway, it's >> just some it's part of it. Um Yeah. >> Well, it's it's kind of a dichotomy, you know, because you go it's like you have to get over yourself. Like I just went to my high school reunion and there's a lot of very successful people and then there's, you know, people like me like we're doing fine. We're doing okay, but it's not, you know, um it's not the New York Times bestseller list by any stretch. And so I gave out I handed out bookmarks um you know to basically everybody there. And so in that aspect you have to get over yourself but at the same time if you want people to buy the whatever or even just to come to the show or come to the reading um you also have to care enough to say yeah I'm going to I'm going to get the merch, bring the stuff, get the postcards printed, send the emails and you know you don't strike me as an introvert. Um maybe an ambbervert. I'm not I'm not not I'm not a trained psychologist, but uh um I got a we just interviewed my buddy Doug who's a musician and he's like yeah the emailing at night it's to individuals to say well you review my you know we got an album coming out we'd love a review. Um he's like it's so inefficient and ineffective but it's the only way to get the reviews. Uh I guess it is effective but yeah >> right and then yeah no it's absolutely and and I find if the m you know most of the time if I send them out to a lot of people it's boy you just don't get a response but if I >> take the time to kind of individualize that and obviously you can't do that a lot but I can do like the top 75 people that are either friends or have patrons or you know for one reason or another they've >> they've supported us or have curiosity about us. So, we try to really get those people to know about it and hope they come and take a peek, you know. >> Yeah. I know. I'm flattered when somebody invites me to go to their thing. I'm like, "Oh, god." Yeah, of course. >> Yeah. I I agree. >> Yeah. Everybody likes having an artistic friend, you know? >> Right. And art art well, and I think art openings are easy to say yes to because you can come and stay as long as you want and it's it's social and if it's too much, you can leave. It's not like you're performing a piece that you actually have to sit down and listen to. It's very come and go. And so hopefully you're you're peing their interest and curiosity to come back, you know. >> Yeah, it's chill. I love the I love the title of the exhibit, the color of snow. That's really >> Yeah, I did not think of that. That was again my daughter. I I was gonna call it some other something else and she was like, "No, what about I was like, okay, yeah, that's better. Yeah, >> it's good to have some words people who are good wordsmiths and they kind of come up with clever, clean, quick ways to >> Yeah. They're Yeah. Clever. Yeah. It's the best way to think of it is like good idea. >> Yeah. And there's kind of an elegance to that title collision. >> Yeah. And it's and it's also so true like her piece. She has a diptack that's again very like Rothcoesque. And it's just like these different tones of like pale warm yellow sliding over to like a bluer snow and then a line and then a different snow color on the bottom. And it's just like, oh my god, they're so subtle, but they're so gorgeous. And it's like, yeah, that really describes the color of snow. And and we have lots of paintings that are much um very colorful and contrasty, but some of them are really subtle. And we're like, we have to put these brothers somewhere else so they can quietly talk to people and not be overshadowed by the ones that are like the big trees and all the snow falling. >> So, >> is she a full-time artist as well? >> Yeah, she is. Which is just uh absolutely mind-blowing to me. Um, >> very proud of her. She has she had the talent, but I didn't know if she would be able to like put it together and make it a business, and she has. Um, and I'm really proud that she mimics a lot of my business model, even though I don't know if she would say she does, but you know, just understanding how to do commissions, what ones are okay, do you take a deposit, do you not? Do you how do you um engage with people that want you to paint a certain way and and and is it okay to repeat paintings because they're popular? You know, all these things that >> um >> are are like things that I have a lot of experience with. So really happy that that's been something she's been >> mentorship piece. >> Yeah. And thinking of it, you know, you just asked a bunch of questions that I would have never thought that artists even as you know, I I would assume that there's all these things I don't know obviously about being an artist and making a living as an artist, but you know, do you repeat a painting? Do you take a deposit? Do you you know, all these kinds of things. And did you learn these by experience or you know how did you come by that knowledge? >> Yeah, experience because um you know I learned to I don't take deposits because what I will say is first of all if they want me you know they say do you do commissions and like well tell me what you're thinking about. It has to be in the realm of what I'm already painting. So I'm not going to paint a lot of people say they want their house painted not like their house painted but >> that would be $35,000. Yeah, that would be the question. Um, but they want a paint, you know, or whatever. And then I have to say, yeah, I'm not doing architecture right now, so that or people or dogs or robots or zombies. Um, so none of those things. So if they want um one of my favorite examples is a a couple commissioned me to come up and paint their little Fenway Park. Adorable little liiffle ball Fenway. And they I knew I wasn't going to paint it. I was like, "Oh, let me come out." I was like, "No, there's no way." Um, so I get there and I'm like, "This is so cool. Little Fenway with the green monster. Everything about it was so cool. But if you turn around, look at this view from Little Fenway. It's this valley with a farm and the barn and then there's Camel Hump. That's what I can paint for you. I would like to paint the view from your beautiful." And they were like, "Oh my god." Yeah. And what I love to say is >> this is a lot of money. I want to make sure you get my best work and my best work would come from this view. Probably I could give you a name of someone who might be able to paint this field if that's something you wish. But if you I want to give you my best work and they always agree. I mean, of course, they don't that's >> so that works out. So, I take commissions but very limited. And then I don't take any money because I said I'm going to show it to you first before I bring it. I'm painting it for me for my gallery inventory. I'm hearing what you like and I will I'm keeping that in mind the size you want, but I will basically send you a JPEG and you can come and look at it and then you have basically first right of refusal. >> Is that how you say it? >> So, but they don't have to take it. It can just I know I'll be able to sell it. So, that's I'm not going to paint something that isn't >> that's out of my out of my uh character of my subject. And and does anybody ever not taken a commission? >> I mean, has anybody ever? >> Yeah, >> occasionally. Um, not in a long time. Not in a long time. I I think usually I have tried twice in the last couple years. Like I just didn't feel like they were responding the way I wanted. And I just I just was feeling that and I'm like and I said you know what let me try again and let me put this in the gallery and I loved the second one and they were really happy and I just I don't want someone to spend thousands of dollars and not love it >> and they feel kind of obligated you know you I feel like I'm >> I can sort of sense that if there's a hesitation. >> Um so I don't mind sometimes taking a second stab at it because now I have inventory. You just helped me build inventory from my gallery, which turns over fairly quickly. >> Yeah. Great. That's a really >> I wonder Oh, go ahead, Pat. >> I was just going to say that's a really positive way to look at it. You know, I I could learn something. I'm getting inspired. >> Yeah. Yeah, I know. Well, I was just going to say that, you know, so I do my own writing, but I earn my living as a ghost writer. And >> so there's I'm trying to figure out what the the lesson is in there that can I go to a client and say, you know, I'm going to write this for me, but it's going to be your story. >> Yes. Right. you like it, you know, but we we'll talk about the price, but I I think, you know, >> that may not work, but I think you incorporate that kind of um mindset to >> it gives me freedom that way. And then I don't have like I don't feel particularly >> and and mostly if they're if they're gonna mostly before I start, they'll change their mind about something or it's more money than they thought. And so that happens a lot and that's not a lot but that's fine. I get it. >> Um >> so that you know it is it's just a so trial and error and also where do I feel comfortable and so in the beginning I did commissions of anything and I have my favorite is mother Mary in prayer uh a profile of her which is like the most hilarious thing to me. I just can't believe I did it. And it turns out I painted her hands too small and the woman rejected it. So I was so upset. I was like, "God, I had to paint that. I was so hard." And now it's rejected. So I did what any logical human would do is I put it in my garage sale that next week with free on the bottom. Free. And no one took it. It's Mother Mary in prayer. Why are you not taking this? It really was bad. So, as it turns out, I kept her and she is now priceless and someday if there's ever a retrospective of my work that I hope that she is included because she just is like the beginning of my career, you know, really understanding what you could say yes and what you can say no to. >> That cracks me up. The tiny handed mother Mary. Or as my son said, I'm gonna say, well, he said it looked like a part of the anatomy that might be a male. I'm not going to say it. HE SAID IT. >> I was like, all right. >> How big is it? Just curiosity. >> Uh, well, you know, >> it's just not >> because size really matters. No one had ever said that before and I thought, "Yeah, okay. I I can see that. >> That's hilarious." >> I know. >> So, when I frame it someday, I guess I should give it to him, my son. >> But the gift that keeps on giving. I don't know. >> Oh, God. So, you know, you mentioned, you know, having a retrospective of your work and and I'm going to use that as a segue that uh you know, so in our our subhead to the title, we talk about delusional ambitions and and really what we mean by that is all of us get into this probably initially and and I think we all have these sort of ambitions of, you know, for Pat it's winning the Booker Prize, right? >> Yeah, it was. I changed my mind. I don't want to win it anymore. >> Oh, you don't want to win it anymore? Okay. >> I I mean, I take it, but I have a better plan. >> And, you know, for me, it it's probably sim, you know, winning the Booker Prize, you know, plus having some, you know, David Sedaris like monster reading where you fill Symphony Hall in Boston, right? >> Do you have one of those? Do you have, you know, that kind of delusional ambition that someday Yeah. Um well, I used to always my goal um was to have like an art exhibit and an opening in New York City at a gallery. Like how cool would that be? And so for a while I did try to get into galleries. And then I just was like, you know what, this is working so well here. I'm just kind of gave up on that and decided that why don't I want to give a gallery half the money anyway. So, I just decided it's good to have my own gallery and that works. So, I don't I don't think I have any right now. Um, >> yeah, it's a it's a I love that though that anytime you think of a lot of people being excited about what you do, that's pretty special. And uh >> and it does it doesn't really get old, you know. It's very I very nice when people get excited or fang girl me. It's so sweet. Oh my god, I love your work. >> It's great. I love that. My husband always says, "Yeah, well, when I met her, she was a waitress. >> Get over it." >> He knew you win. >> Yeah. So funny. >> And And then do you plan on growing what you're doing? Do you plan on expanding it? Uh shifting to to a different mode of art or are you kind of happy exploring, you know, where you are right now? I mean, I think you I think for me as a visual artist, I'm always looking for the next thing that hits you over the head and it's just like, "Oh my god, I have to paint that." And you know, one time it was African dance, like the exposure of this beautiful drumming and these colors and speed. Like I did a whole exhibit on that. And then um the Moran plant which was a abandoned power plant that I just was so obsessed with the the size and scale and the rust and the peeling paint. Like there's just sometimes something hits you and it's just like yeah I I really really want to paint that and really explore in depth. So I don't know what the next thing is right now. It's winter and it's about uh exploring these quiet places in the woods that are deep in snow and and maybe has a river or maybe a swimming hole. Um these are places that my dad loved winter so much and he passed away a year ago. We were very close and so this show is like dedicated to like honoring his like love and passion for winter sports and winter. So, I think you're just kind of like always looking for that next thing of what and I don't know what that's going to be. And in the meantime, I go to my go-tos, which I love to paint flowers. I love to paint sunsets. I mean, it's sort of cliche, but I'm doing it my own way and and I like doing that. So, I think you just kind of kind of waiting to see what what something you're going to see is going to strike you in a way that's like, oh, and have that aha moment. >> Yeah. I don't know when it'll be, but >> I love that. That's so cool. I I know what you mean. I get the sim similar thing like right now I'm super into reinvention, you know, like what's it about? I guess a lot of my friends are retiring and so retiring young and um I'm just like wow, what do you do now if you've always worked a jobby job your whole life anyway? So that's my my big obsession and that's all I really want to write about. But I can go for years between that kind of ideas. >> And it and it's not so much like a set process that you have and it's not like a very Andy Warhol um you know intentionality. It's really about exploring and doing the work and showing up >> and it'll you'll find it and it'll find you. >> Right. Right. >> Yeah. I don't know what else I'd do. So I just keep doing it. Thanks for listening to Gifted Underachievers, the podcast for mid-level creatives with delusional ambitions. And a big thanks to Kathmonream for spending so much time with us and doing such a wonderful interview. We really appreciate it. We'd love to hear how we're doing. So, please leave a comment, join our chat page, or send us an email at giftedunderachievers at substack.com. Have an awesome day.

- The Wage Standard: What’s Wrong in the Labor Market and How to Fix It (with Arin Dube): Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> The rising inequality and growing political instability that we see today are the direct result of decades of bad economic theory. The last five decades of trickle-down economics haven't worked, but what's the alternative? Middle-out economics is the answer because the middle class is the source of growth, not its consequence. That's right. This is Pitchfork Economics with Nick Hanauer, a podcast about how to build the economy [music] from the middle out. Welcome to the show. Goldy, I am so fired up today because we get to talk to our old friend Arindrajit Dube. What a geek you are. You're You're all fired up to talk to a University of Chicago-trained economist. >> Oh my god. >> [laughter] >> No, but Arindrajit Dube is my hero. Arindrajit Dube is the godfather of the empirical study of the minimum wage. Right. And has been such an important >> I I can't I just can't tell you how many other labor economists you've just offended. Oh, shut up. >> I'm sorry, everybody, but No, come on. The guy has made such a big contribution to um our understanding of the impact of the minimum wage on jobs and has been at it for, you know, a really long time. And Arindrajit is a an economist at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and he's got this killer new book out called The Wage Standard: What's Wrong with the Labor Market and How to Fix It. And we're just very fortunate to get to spend time with Arindrajit and talk about all these issues. I know he'll have a very interesting perspective on it. I mean, I'm just psyched to talk to him, so. Well, I I'd add in some pithy comment, but I'll save that for the outro, Nick. Why don't we just uh go talk with Arindrajit? >> [music] >> Hi, [music] I'm Arindrajit Dube. I'm professor of economics at University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and the author of The Wage Standard. So, uh Arindrajit, we have got We've known each other now for a long time. Uh yeah. Goes back all the way to the early days of the $15 minimum wage. You were instrumental with. >> And, you know, you've been grinding on all these wage issues for how long your whole career? Look, I went into grad school in economics because I wanted to understand how people get paid and why they get paid what they do. So, these are questions I've, you know, wrestled with pretty much since I was a student. I actually did my first work studying minimum wages when San Francisco became one of the first cities to pass its minimum wage back in 2004. So, that was the my entree into this uh this literature and and and studying particularly what wage floors do. You came out of the University of Chicago, right? I did. University of Chicago, especially back at that time, >> you know, the idea that you may want to intervene in the labor market and set wages was not kindly looked upon. And it was a very interesting time because, you know, this was uh like the late 1990s, early 2000s. And this was when the profession of economics was just really kind of shaken up somewhat by the early evidence from David Card and Alan Krueger. And that was '94, was it not? That's right. '94 was their paper, and then '95 they wrote a book, and in 2000 they published a follow-up responding to critics. And all of that made it a very exciting time to start thinking about it. But I also saw things around myself when I was a grad student. I was actually, even though my degree's from Chicago, I ended up spending quite a bit of time at Harvard. And I in fact worked with Richard Freeman, who's an economist there. And during that time, I actually saw there was a lot of effort to actually raise wages for Harvard service workers. The book, in fact, is dedicated to Frank Morley, who was a janitor Wow. who worked at the Department of Economics cleaning the Littauer Hall, you know, as a janitor. But here's the really interesting thing. Frank, being a contract janitor, was paid less than in-house janitors who worked at Harvard doing the same job, sometimes cleaning similar buildings on campus, but for a different pay. And that was wild because you could just never expect that to happen if you believe the market >> would [laughter] not expect that to be to happen are economists. Well, the only people who would not expect that to be to happen I mean, one one person It's right It's right there in black and white in Mankiw's book, [laughter] if you I mean, it can't happen. It's impossible. I I'm trying to understand how workers like janitors can get paid differently because of contracting, but when I talked to my advisers at Chicago, they would say, "What do you mean by that? That That doesn't make any sense." [laughter] And so, this was This was very very, you know, much of a learning experience. In many ways, I learned more actually just seeing what was going on around me, but also how you could change things. Because as it turns out, after, you know, a year-long campaign to raise wages, it Harvard ended up very substantially increasing wages of service workers and in fact tying all pay to a floor negotiated by by the unions. And in many ways, it reflects a lot of the ideas that I actually propose in the book of how you build standards like that. So, this was happening around me both in the classroom and outside, and, you know, has deeply affected my own thinking about it and seeing both what can go wrong, but also what can go right. Yeah, that's where you went wrong, being influenced by the real world. Cuz we all know that the more unrealistic the assumptions, the better the model. Well, I will say that the economics of today is in a much better place than the economics back when I was in grad school. It's Hardly all problems are solved, but nonetheless, we can have arguments in a more useful fashion. That's right. And you are one of the bright lights of uh the modern modern economics, which is why we're so happy to have you on uh to talk about this stuff. So, just tell our audience just a little bit about the book, and you know, just kind of take us through the argument that you're trying to make. So, the core proposition of the book, maybe of interest to your audience, cuz it says most American workers deserve a raise. Yes. >> And research shows us why we haven't been getting one and how we can do it. Okay, so the starting point, you know, is to sort of go back to about 1980. And this is not new terrain, but it's useful to summarize. Look, since 1980, the economy grew by about 75% when it comes to productivity in this country, but wages in the middle grew maybe at most 25%, and wages at the bottom even less. So then, the question that I really am trying to answer in the book is why did the labor market stop delivering for most workers? Because in the several decades prior to that, wages and productivities were growing together. Yes. So, the answer turns out to be less about impersonal market forces, which often economists, you know, focus solely on, like things like technology or trade. These things matter, [clears throat] but it also matters the choices we make. And it turns out the choices include corporate choices, policy choices, and even choices by the economics profession to decide what to pay attention to. The big idea is that wages are not just natural numbers set in some well-oiled job market machine, that supply and demand matter, but they matter in an environment that's teeming with all sorts of different business strategies, pay norms, institutional forces, and even mat the macroeconomic environment. And And your paycheck >> And cultural influences, too. Moral and cultural influences on top of that. >> Absolutely. Absolutely. And ideological influences as well, as I talk about in the book. So, your paycheck reflects this employer power, and that is a key thing that people have often overlooked because those employer power can be shaped by a lot of stuff, including corporate ideology. So, do you share the gains broadly, or do you maximize shareholder return at all costs? It also reflects institutions. Do you have unions that are strong enough to actually set the standards that get adopted perhaps even more broadly? And of course, it reflects policy choices, as, you know, Nick knows very well, when we stopped raising the minimum wage as we did starting in the 1980s for the first time, Yeah. there are real consequences. Yes. >> And And And that's And then finally, and the other part that I think is also quite important is to the extent that we want to make the market work well, having a commitment to being full employment is really critical. And it just turns out after 1980, we spent a lot less time at or near full employment than we did in the decades prior. And these things all kind of come together as they did after 1980 to be a real perfect storm of sorts that really shifted against the workers leading to that big gap in pay and productivity. Aaron, if you don't mind, would you just for our audience refresh their memory about why it is that your colleagues at the University of Chicago believed that wages always reflect productivity? Yeah, so a basic model of supply and demand we, you know, usually teach in our Econ 101 courses sort of lays out a competitive labor market. And in that competitive labor market, if a one employer decides to offer a lower pay, saying, "Well, I'm going to pay a little less." Well, here's what happens. All their workers leave and they go somewhere else. Yes. And when that competition ensues, that all employers are competing against each other to make sure they can attract workers, wages will rise until workers are paid what they're contributing to the system, to the economy. And that's what we call the marginal product. So, if the wage at all falls below that, this hyper-competition will ensure that the wage comes back up. So, everyone basically receives what they are contributing. So, it's possible that some people are getting lower pay, but it's just that maybe they don't have the skills. So, then if basically some people have not seen their pay rise for many years, the solution is you got to train them. Maybe they have to learn how to code uh or whatever it is that will raise their skills so they can raise pay. It's never in that scenario Yeah. because employers are choosing a low-wage strategy. Yeah, interesting. Did it never occur to economist that maybe when one employer lowers their pay, the that creates a competitive advantage that forces the other employers to lower their pay since in fact employers have more power in price setting than uh workers do? Well, you know, I think the the starting point is if you really have this market where employers are just competing so fiercely with each other, the idea that they can go awry somehow and in fact compete downwards just is ruled out sort of as a logical logical aspect, but but that's because the starting point is flawed. The starting point is it's it's absolutely easy for workers to just replace their jobs. As it turns out, that is absolutely not true. In fact, you can start by something really simple. If you you can just go ask people, "How easy it is for you to find a job about as good as you have?" It turns out of only about a third of people say that it's very e- or somewhat easy. Okay, that's a that's a kind of a shockingly low number and that turns out to be true even when you ask during periods of low unemployment rate and tight labor markets, even then it's not all that easy for you to actually change your job. And when that happens, that means if you that company paying let's say 10% lower pay, you don't have a mass exodus of workers out the door. Yeah. Yes, you have a higher quit rate, but it turns out if you're paying 10% less, your quit rate may be about 2% higher. So, it is higher, but not very much. That also means then you have a good amount of discretion of what kind of wage strategy to pursue. And you see this. So, you see for example, UPS and FedEx do, you know, workers do similar job, both employ around half a million workers and generate something like $150,000 in annual revenue per worker. But they pay very differently. Walmart pays about 25% lower than Target. The I can go on and give you many examples, but this is this is very sort of, you know, apparent just looking around. And as it turns out, in even when you follow the same worker going company to company, their pay, not surprisingly, varies by the company they're working in. And that is the example of what, you know, has a funny name in economics, we call it monopsony power. But it it's a funny name >> twin of monopolies. That's right. Yeah, so [laughter] monopoly, of course, is when you have, you know, a single seller. A monopsony literally is would be if you had a single buyer. No, in reality, that's not the case. What it means is that the buyer or the employer has a degree of market power. Yeah. That they have a choice. They're deciding, "Well, I could pay a higher wage and have lower turnover and quits or I could choose a lower pay." And if I'm not bound by any other forces or countervailing power, right? Like for example, a union or policy, then I'm going to choose a wage strategy that is going to be, you know, reflecting either my profit or some other value that I have, right? Because or some ideology that I have. And what's really interesting is how those pay-setting ideologies really changed over the '80s and '90s. One of the most compelling examples comes from uh a study by uh Daron Acemoglu who's who's a economist at MIT uh and co-authors who who studied what happens when companies started to hire CEOs who had a MBA. Now, that might seem funny because don't CEOs always have MBAs? And it just turns out that it they're much more likely to today than they were 40 years ago. >> Yeah. And this is relevant because, you know, in the especially starting in the '80s, the idea of the sort of shareholder revolution was really spreading. And so, if you actually had a CEO who used to be a worker and they sort of climbed up the ranks, they had a different value system than someone who's just a freshly minted MBA. As it turns out, when the company switched with a CEO with the MBA, pay fell by about 6% and by almost 10% for lower-wage workers while basically profits rose. Executive comp went up. And executive pay went up, exactly. So, this is like the same company compared to other similar companies just it, you know, choosing a different strategy based on essentially sort of a business ideology uh that led to a different outcomes in profits, in uh you know, wages, but it didn't change productivity. It didn't make the company work better. >> didn't get better. The products didn't get cheaper. Well, there's there's a classic example here in our backyard of Seattle and that's Boeing which historically had been run by engineers >> until the McDonnell Douglas acquisition and essentially the Yeah. the finance guys at at from McDonnell Douglas took over the company. And then the planes started falling out of the sky. >> planes started falling, right. And but and they, you know, they went after the unions and suppressed pay and you had all these other uh deadly consequences that came from it, but that was a totally different business philosophy than than what what had built Boeing to be the world's largest aircraft maker at the time. So, Aaron, I want to zoom in on an area that you have made, I think, almost an unparalleled contribution to, which is the study of the effect of the minimum wage, raising the minimum wage on job loss. Because I don't think there's a human alive that's done more or better work on this than you have. And that's basically what you devote chapter six of the book to. Can you just speak to this a little bit? Yeah, yeah. So, you know, we have had a federal minimum wage in this country since the 1930s. And from then until about 1980 or so, we most years we raised the minimum wage at the federal level. And so, the minimum wage kept up with overall cost of living and it's actually more than that, overall productivity. And then it stopped because President Ronald Reagan decided he did not want to raise the minimum wage and he didn't. And as a result, we started I as I see it, a long stretch of extremely dysfunctional way of setting wages in this country. So, without a federal standard, what happens is that states had to actually step up. So, this this is the sort of silver lining of this dysfunction is it it gave nerds like myself and nerds before me like [laughter] Card and Krueger a really great way of studying the causal effect of this policy. >> Right. A whole bunch of natural experiments. >> natural experiments. Natural experiment is the silver lining of dysfunction. >> And so so there we have it. So we we can now study what happens if New Jersey raises its minimum wage. Well, how do we know what would have happened? Maybe New Jersey would have done something else. Maybe jobs would have risen or something. Oh, let's look right next door in Pennsylvania and that's exactly what Card and Krueger did in their famous 1994 study. Following up on that, we sort of I think basically our contribution in some ways was summarized by the word many. Yeah. Say, let's do many New Jersey and Pennsylvania cases. Why do one when you can do many? Yeah. And we now have the data >> to do many and we we did that in in our 2010 work that compared border counties and we basically found that look, the minimum wage goes up, pay goes up in the in the restaurant sector which is a major source of employment for minimum wage work first. Um and then employment, what happens? Let's look at both sides for four five years afterwards. It doesn't change. It doesn't really change at all. So this is a win-win for low-wage workers and that was really I think an important >> inconvenient fact for the National Restaurant Association. That that is true. But [laughter] it is it is interesting because you know, what happened after that as Nick played such an important role in is to really push us to do to do more. Yeah. Right? And and this is important because look, I believe in evidence-based policy-making, but I also know that when the evidence only comes from fairly limited experiments, we don't know what would happen if we actually do something more bold. We can't simply avoid doing things that are bold because we have never tried it, right? So we have to balance between those and in some ways that's exactly what happened with the Fight for 15 movement. Um ironically, we engaged in an even more egregious national experiment, the natural experiment where half roughly half the country now has gone for more than a generation without raising its minimum wage to the point where we actually for the first time 20 states in this country effectively have no minimum wage because the 725 is economically not very different from a zero. Okay? So that means that basically 20 states >> plus tips is effectively zero. Yeah. >> Right? It's just it's why not just say zero plus tips? Yeah. Well, Let's just call it slavery. Well, see Nick because the the [snorts] the employers get to keep the difference between the 213 and the 725 in tips. So this is a way of actually subsidizing employers. That's why we keep it. >> But at the same time, you know, we have now states that have taken more ambitious approaches and then that actually allows us to see what happened for these higher minimum wages and you know, that when a more recent work, that's exactly what we did just again look at these natural experiments including the more recent period with higher minimums and continued to find virtually the same answer and that is again reassuring. And this is where I think the learning that's happened has really affected pay setting and not just here in the US, also around the world, you know. So so in 2019, I was asked by the conservative Chancellor of United Kingdom Yeah. to look into the evidence in UK and they wanted to use that to sort of inform what kind of minimum [clears throat] wage or as they call it the national living wage, they wanted to set. And I looked to see there was a significant increase also in the 2010s in UK and when I reviewed the evidence, I found that it was actually quite successful. Following up on that, the British government decided to move the minimum wage to about 2/3 of their median wage placing the United Kingdom as one of the higher standards around around the world. You know, one of the things I point out in the book is that none of our states today none of them actually reach a 2/3 of a median wage standard. This would require and it would allow us to actually go higher than than we have even in some of the higher states and this sort of highlights to me, you know, that there's more work to be done when it comes to the minimum wage. So what you're telling me and I never knew this before is that we have Ronald Reagan to thank because we never we never could have changed our thinking about the minimum wage without the opportunity for all these difference-in-difference studies to actually compare what happens across borders. Unintended consequences are real, man. >> Okay, so Aaron, tell us a little bit about the glorious future. So one of the things that I also talk about in the book is try to sort of build on what we have learned from the minimum wage experiments to try to sort of tackle in some ways a broader problem because you know, like I started with saying that productivity and pay has really not gone together for the typical American worker. It's true at the bottom, but it's also true at the middle. The question is what can we do to to help increase and rebuild the middle class. Now one thing we could do is push the minimum wage even more which I think we can do some more of, but there's a limit to that. But here's what I argue is that in fact, we should consider having wage standards for lots of jobs. And if that sounds like a radical idea, it turns out most of our high-income peer countries do some variant of that. Yeah. It's in some ways we are an exception. We are an exception where most jobs just don't have any wage pay standard. And so you know, the good news is we're actually starting to see this even here in America. For example, nursing homes in Minnesota have actually a wage board based on representatives from employers, from unions that actually have set a wage floor for different types of nurses. This is actually a great example of how we can start to rebuild wage standards again using sort of our understanding and knowledge of what we have seen with the minimum wages, but taking it more to scale in a variety of context and I argue that in fact, experimentation like this it doesn't require us to solve the broken politics in DC, right? We can do this at the state level. >> Yeah. And we are starting to see this. >> to be clear, you it's a good thing we can do it at state level, but it is suboptimal. Absolutely. Look, one of the things that we should do is to really change our labor law and have the kind of sectoral approach that has worked well many places. Yeah. I think we should absolutely strive to do that, but we don't have to simply say until we get there, there's nothing to do because there's there's a lot to be done at the state level. We can start today. Okay. Answer me one thing. There must be hundreds of academic studies on the impact of raising the minimum wage on job creation. Yeah. We actually compiled nearly a hundred studies that >> Yeah. basically show what happens to both pay and wages. And then you know, you can kind of ask, well, what do most of those studies find? We actually have put together a database. It's you can you can go look at it. It's online. We try to update it pretty regularly. It has a wonky name, the own wage elasticity, but you know, it's a simple idea. The idea is this. When the minimum wage rises, how much does it increase pay for some group of workers like maybe fast food workers and how much does it change employment? Of course, if you look at the studies, it turns out there's some studies that suggest very large job losses. There also studies that suggest substantial positive job gains. Yeah. If you take the average, the average is pretty darn close to zero. Okay? >> Yeah. It suggests that the typical study has found very small changes in employment for the kind of wage changes that we've gotten. As it turns out, I would argue that the studies that are particularly more careful and actually the studies that have been done more recently where there's better data, those studies tend to find even closer to zero effect or more positive effect in some cases. Yeah, I mean, I know our opponents would disagree, but I have looked very carefully at the studies that show that there are big job losses, and they are super suspect. Yeah. >> Because the because the parameters that they use and the and the assumptions that they make are just not. There there's a good example that's relevant. Uh it has to do with Seattle. Yeah. Okay? And so I talk about this in the book. So, there was a study from the University of Washington that was released that actually found very substantial job loss. Okay? The initial working paper, the un published version, is one of the you know, in that database of nearly 100 studies, it's probably the second most negative estimate, you know, compiled. But here's the thing, and and and just to be clear, the the researchers who did the work, they're definitely very, you know, solid economists, and they used very solid methods, but here's here's the issue. The issue is that they were comparing what happened to the number of jobs paying less than $19 in Seattle. Yes. Uh-huh. And how did that change? And then how did the number of jobs paying less than $19 change in rest of Washington state? Yes. Okay? And they found that compared to rest of the state, after the policy change, the number of jobs paying less than $19 actually in Seattle fell quite a bit, and they interpreted that as job loss because the minimum wage was under $15 at the time, so they thought that Now, here's the issue. There are two reasons why you can have fewer than $19 an hour job. One is that there are less jobs. The other reason is maybe because they're paying more than $19. >> Exactly. There were there were Aaron, there were literally job ads from Jimmy John's, not even in Seattle, across the border, at the time that study came out, where they were paying over $20 an hour for delivery drivers. Yeah. Exactly. >> like many, you know, cities like Seattle, have seen wage and price growth much more than rural areas, and this is going to mean that even if nothing had changed, like even if there were no minimum wage, in general, you would have had you know, less jobs paying $19 or fewer in Seattle. So, if you are Let me just to be clear, as I recall, the economist who did that study withdrew it. Yeah, well, he he recanted with the later studies. Yeah, so just So, what happened is that >> recanted. In their published version, they actually do still have that estimate, but they have a very different estimate as well. And that very different estimate is quite sensible. You just follow low-wage workers to see who did actually lose jobs in Seattle versus outside of Seattle, and doing the second method suggested an employment effect close to zero. Yes. Okay? So, in the published version, the authors say that they don't take a stance on their, you know, which of these, the either very close to zero or one of the largest negative estimates in the literature is more correct. I have my very strong view that because in follow-up work, we actually looked at, you know, nearly 40 cities that passed minimum wages and showed why, if you took an approach like the less than $19 measure, you would find again a similar problem in suggesting job losses when it was really just wage growth was faster in major large cities like Seattle in this period. So, I think that's a example when when when a study has found very substantial negative effect, look, the reality is there's sometimes they're going to get a lot of publicity, and you know, as they did and and then over time, however, it's it's quite useful to recognize that when we learned more, we actually found that maybe that was not really what actually happened, and maybe the effect of the minimum wage in Seattle was more effective than that the original results seem to suggest. Another conclusion from the Seattle minimum wage study was they looked at prices. Cuz we get this a lot that oh, if you raise the minimum wage, that's why things are so expensive here. And what they found was no impact on any industry except for the restaurant industry, where there was a small increase in prices. That's right. >> Not in not in retail, not in hospitality, the hotels. It was just the restaurant industry. How have other studies followed up on that? That's that's a great question. I mean, so I take the perspective that at a certain level, most people, most voters, if you ask them, are you willing to pay a bit more to make sure that we have a strong minimum wage, by and large, most voters say yes, I'm okay paying a bit more if that means, you know, substantial pay growth for people people at the bottom. The studies, when you look at minimum wage effects, they absolutely do find some price effect in the restaurant sector, but you're also absolutely right. There's it's if you look at the overall price level, it's a very small impact. It's largely in the restaurant industry, that's where you actually see the prices, but these are relatively small price increases compared to any of the wage gains that occur. So, as a result, you can take in any price effect, most consumers don't really notice much, right? And even as the wage gains of the bottom are very much noticed by the workers and their families. And just to level set for the audience, I think what's really important in this price discussion is to keep in mind the fact since 1980, more or less, the wage share of the economy has gone from something like 52% to 45%, while the profit share of the economy has gone from something like 5% to something like 11 or 12%. So, it's a six-ish, 7% share of the economy that went from wages to profits. And 6% of 24 trillion is, you know, that's that's a lot. >> to add up, right? >> It's it's a trillion and [laughter] a half dollars or something like that. [clears throat] And what that means is that you could take a trillion and a half dollars of corporate earnings, give it to workers in wages, and prices would not have to change 1 cent. So, there's a lot of room in the economy for working people to earn more without consumers having to pay more. We have just gotten used to a world in which corporate profits are outsized. But there's other factors as well. There's lots of studies showing, particularly in the restaurant industry, that when you increase wages, you get less turnover, higher productivity. It actually lowers other costs. If you were king and you could do one thing, anything, what would you do? Yeah, I think one thing that I would certainly do is commit to full employment. And in the last 5 years, we've actually seen pay gap between the 10th and the 90th percentile, that gap actually shrink by about a third of the increase in that gap that happened between 1980 and 2019. So, if that's a little confusing, what I'm saying is that this one measure of pay inequality, the gap between the 90th and the 10th percentiles, a third of the increase that occurred in that inequality in in the post-1980 era was reversed. And that happened because of two reason, full employment and minimum wage. Okay? No, I'm going to push back on that. The reason that happened is because the top 1% left everyone else behind. If you were to compare that that gap between the bottom and the real top, it expanded. Oh, I I absolutely. Now, I said one measure. You're right you're right. The 1% share is of income is definitely not something that has fallen. No. The pay however that gap has widened, has it not? The the pay gap between the in in wage gap between the bottom 10th percentile and say the 90th or the 95th percentile even, that has shrunk largely because we saw very strong wage growth at the bottom in during a very tight labor market. Okay? Relative to the 90th percentile, but not relative to where the real money is being made in the economy, which is in the top 1 or 2%. I This is the way I would I would say. I would say that look, full employment and tight labor markets can be very effective, but they will only work they will only work for periods of time, and even in the best case scenario, they will not deliver all the things that we want. And this is where, if I really could is really institute a different governance system in this country, I would absolutely move towards a sectoral bargaining, having sectoral standards that make sure that we're really building a strong middle class in this country because that can really happen. You had used earlier the you had compared UPS and FedEx and one of the big differences between those two companies is not just their pay but the fact that UPS is unionized and FedEx is not. >> Absolutely. Absent a strong organized labor movement, sectoral bargaining is the next best thing. Well, we have gone over our time but this has been an amazing conversation. Why do you do this work? I This is what really gets me up in the morning. I want to understand why people get paid what they do and how we can give more people a raise. >> One of your words of wisdom, Nick, that I have repeated often is uh Do I have words of wisdom? Yeah, you do. You come up with these pithy phrases, you know, like when workers have more money, businesses have more customers and hire more workers and that's a great one. That is that is why they pay me the big bucks after all. >> That's right. But here's another one. Speaking of being paid big bucks, okay? You have said repeatedly, employers don't pay you what you're worth. They pay you what you negotiate. Yeah, what you have the power to negotiate. >> Right. And I bring that up with Zach every year during our annual review to no avail because I don't have any power. Yeah. Right. [laughter] But you still pay me well. Yeah. Yeah, and it turns out that when you look at the minimum wage, when you look at the wage standard, that is you know, just >> Absolutely. As much as I love Aaron and value his work, what drives me bananas still is the fact that he has to do the work. Now, I think the the best and funniest part of that conversation was when he told us that the silver lining of the debacle which is the American economy over the last 40 or 50 years is it provided all this opportunity for people like him to do really interesting studies. >> That that in in the end and I think this is this there's this deep irony here that it's Ronald Reagan who set this in motion. Ronald Reagan who put an end to the routine increases in the minimum wage. Remember, Aaron says that he would start off he would try like 2/3 of median wage setting the minimum wage to that. Historically, when the minimum wage was first implemented and this this was picked out of thin air. It was 50% of the median wage. Yes. The the minimum wage was set at 50% of the median and the overtime threshold was three times the minimum wage and these were just random numbers with no empirical evidence to support it. But decade after decade after decade and I think I did the right number of decades at that point. >> Uh cuz it really was for really three three and a half decades we raised the minimum wage to keep it, you know, it jump ahead and then fall back but we were shooting for that 50% and then Reagan comes along and is like, nope, we're not going to raise the minimum wage anymore. Screw the poor. And based on this idea that you learn in your Econ 101 textbook. I mean, they literally still use the minimum wage as the textbook illustration of supply and demand of that inverse relationship between price and demand that if you raise the minimum wage above that that equilibrium price, you will get unemployment. You will lose jobs. Yeah. And nobody really studied it and it turns out I didn't realize one of the reasons why was not just because, you know, there was a and I'm and there was a kind of cultural prohibition within the field of economics to study something as basic as this but also nobody could study it Yes. in the way that Card and Krueger eventually had an opportunity to do. Yeah, never occurred to me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're right. I've used this story to just badmouth the economics profession but it turns out it created an opportunity to do this study and the reason why I think this is so ironic and we've talked about this before is that the minimum wage is a wedge issue Yes. in economics because it proved one of the most fundamental assertions of economics of neoclassical economics, that inverse relationship between price and demand. It proved that it was wrong. Yeah. That economics was wrong about one of its core assumptions, a main principle that that everything else is built on top of. And if it's wrong about this, what else is it wrong about? Yeah, pretty much everything. Yeah. Right. And I think it has I think these minimum wage studies, these minimum wage hikes, these local state and local minimum wage hikes and the studies that followed up that show no disemployment effect or very little, sometimes employment gains and no significant increase on prices, it's just opened up the entire field of orthodox economics to you know, a reevaluation and reanalysis and a whole new way of trying to understand how the economy works. So, thank you, President Reagan. We thank you for your service. Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. But anyway, you know, I mean, I just think that that the frustrating part is and you know, the work that we're trying to do to to make this different is to start with a framework that with this massively asymmetric level of scrutiny where anything that benefits poor people requires a massive amount of studies to prove that it'll do no harm. But no study has ever been done on the job killing effects of Wall Street bonuses. Which clearly kill more jobs than the minimum wage does, right? Because if you took all that Wall Street bonus money and gave it to working people, all of them would have twice as much money, they would buy twice as much stuff and there would be twice as many jobs, right? Like I mean, that's a little bit of an oversimplification. You know you know what I mean, right? Like and it just that is the neoliberal paradigm. That the neoliberal paradigm is is Aaron Dube's source of permanent employment. Because it requires you to continue to prove that the most basic things to do to hold the society together do no harm. And it's just incredibly nuts. And it you know, it did like saying that, you know, the principle of marginal productivity obtains except if the economy isn't perfectly efficient would be like saying that the moon is made of cheese except if the laws of physics obtain. >> Right? Like you know, like it's just not how the world works. Right. And and it's it's the the difference the standard of proof that's required Yeah. for something that benefits workers versus something that benefits Wall Street. It's entirely different. We have it has been 35 years since that Card and Krueger study came out. And as Aaron said, there's been hundreds of studies since. Most of them in the past decade because that's when we've had this surge of local minimum wages and the evidence the empirical evidence is overwhelmingly clear that there is no disemployment effect and yet there's a lot of people who still don't accept it because It's not convenient to accept. The theory just says otherwise and they're not going to accept it. In any case, we highly recommend the book. It is the wage standard, what's wrong in the labor market and how to fix it. You can, of course, buy it from that big online monopolist who shall not be named or from your local independent bookstore. >> Pitchfork Economics is produced by Civic Ventures. If you like [music] the show, make sure to follow, rate and review us wherever you get your podcasts. Find us on other platforms like Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and threads at Pitchfork Economics. Nick's on Twitter and Facebook as well at Nick Hanauer. For more content from us, you can subscribe to our weekly newsletter The Pitch over on Substack. And for links to everything we just mentioned plus transcripts and more, visit our website pitchforkeconomics.com. As always from our team at Civic Ventures, thanks for listening. [music] See you next week.

- How to Support Black Owned Businesses during the Holidays: Kind: captions Language: en-US - If we cross those lines of race, we find out that we can sort of broaden our perspective, we can broaden our horizons. We can actually decrease our bottom line just by working together in ways that we just haven't thought about before. (upbeat music) The holiday season reminds us that we're all mutually tied together. As a small business owner, it really is in my best interest that the business across the street for me is doing well, because that business doing well means I'm going to have another customer certainly. If you're working with other black entrepreneurs, if you're supporting those businesses, you're going to make new friends, they're gonna like you, and making new friends is good for business, right? As a small business owner, sometimes we think we have to do something grand or dramatic to really, you know, have communal impact. But in fact, there are a lot of things that you can do that literally cost you zero dollars. And one of those things is co-branding, you could do a co-branding opportunity with a black owned business on another part of town, or maybe you feature one of their products in your store, or maybe your online store. Co-branding is a way to sort of leverage your existing network to help someone else and they do the same for you. And it doesn't cost anyone any money. Sometimes a small business owners, we think that I'm just running my shoe shop, but you're a part of a much larger ecosystem. And so, it could be an idea, even for your own personal interest to talk with those business owners and figure out what are their needs. And maybe you all can purchase together, maybe you all can do bulk purchasing, they can sort of leverage your suppliers to help their business. And also you can maybe decrease your own costs. And so that's a very small way that you can work with black entrepreneurs, to support them and help their bottom line, and also help your own. One of the things that we need to do is think outside of the box, you could be diversifying your supplier chain, right? You could be looking at how am I sourcing materials? If you're a restaurant, where am I getting these vegetables from? Perhaps our local black farmers, it might be a little bit cheaper than getting something brought in from across the country. And again when you do that, people take notice, and they're gonna tell their friends and they're gonna tell their friends. And just by reaching out, you actually could be broadening your customer base. (Upbeat music) How we choose to purchase, how we choose to support businesses around us, how we choose to support the communities that we're a part of. At the end of the day, it all comes back. We're all sort of in this thing together one way or the other.

- Jessie 'ImBossLee' Ward Kidnaps and Manipulates her team in Colombia?: Kind: captions Language: en guess what dressy Leeward allegedly kidnapped her team her direct downline like 16 people did some real cult leader stuff not Cambodia I keep I keep wanting to say Cambodia Colombia yosoias gringa welcome back to my channel I'm Chelsea you most likely already know that a lot of y'all have been messaging me commenting and just being like when are you gonna talk about it I knew I thought that she was going to release a secondary video which she has kind of like going back on her own words and it was hilarious and then also Dr Steven Hassan the cult expert if you will he's the leading cult expert in the US he's amazing has written four books on Colts he made a statement about this as well and then it was also written about by a pretty well known publication I think I can't remember which one it was either way we're gonna go over all of that and that's why I wanted to wait so as I said on my Instagram story yesterday if you're not falling I am CeCe Suarez across all social media that includes everything y'all know when I'm reacting to any type of content like this really I mean it could be Instagram stories too I don't like to cut anything out because I personally know that I don't want to be taken out of context and so therefore I'm gonna give these people even though most of them suck I'm going to give them that same respect right even though they usually don't give me that either way I don't want to be taken out of context so the thing is is that this is so long and it's gonna take me really Ethan and we love Ethan it would take him way too long to be able like it would just be ridiculous and it would be such a long video if we watched an over two over hour long live streams and then also like went over and broke everything down because it's a lot so I have this cut down to the part where she talked about the cam not Cambodia my God and the Columbia trip and then for the rest of it she doesn't really talk about it and then I'll put in where she her like response to it and that'll be kind of cut up as well just so it's easier for Ethan but if y'all want to watch these DC has them on her Channel I'll put like a Google link for them in my description box so that you can like see the full content if I can find that as well Jesse Leeward did delete this the first one where she's talking about the Columbia trip which is hilarious because she's like never someone who deletes stuff like that you know she sticks by her craziness and it's absolutely hilarious on January 22nd 2023 she was talking about and I have basically my all my notes but she was talking about how she's banned from IG for over a month so she had to create like a dog Instagram so that she like for her two dogs so that she could go live on Instagram still and then she was always talking how she had a dog side kit come and rub crystals on her dogs or something she also talked about how she's so tan and then how the products put you in instant ketosis she is tan however she's not it's not instant ketosis and that's complete that's been debunked so many times and it's hilarious that she talks about that and promotes those products allegedly it is of my opinion just by like the look of her and how she lost weight so fast it's that she's on a zenbeck I'm pretty positive that she is she has a zent back face if you don't know what a zimpic is just look it up ozympic for weight loss it's a diabetes medication and that a lot of famous people and rich people are taking I know a lot of people in South Tampa that are on it I even talked to my doctor about it just so I could get like not so I could get it but so that like we could I could get more information like about it so that I could talk about it in videos due to like her face like she has a zembic face you know which is where you like look more gaunt and like kind of look sick like if you look at if you look at pictures of Kim Kardashian right now she's kind of got like ozympic face and like the like skinniness of like ozempic allegedly a lot of people say that that is what her and Chloe have been doing and then they've just been working out a bunch as well to like maintain it because a lot of times if you stop taking it you'll just gain all the weight back anyways that's all alleged I don't know that to be fact but she was saying that she was demonetized and banned so that's why she made a dog page and then she said that she was banned because haters reported her content because then an Instagram story she said that she was shredding or like killing people's calves could have been someone reporting her but it might not have been could have just been Instagram like flagging it like for instance I sometimes will say like the jokingly say the phrase like I'm gonna burn this place to the ground and Instagram has flagged that multiple times like if you look at my community like guideline violations it's two Instagram stories that say that which is annoying but it's fine she also claims that MLM haters dm'd her mom and told her mom that she is a scammer and now Jesse Lee like can't pay off her mom's debts because her mom won't give her the information that she needed to do so please don't do that listen I don't like this person I don't hate them I wish the best for them and I wish that they would not be a cult leader but I know it's kind of weird to say don't take it real world because you want to be able to help people but contacting her mom and like contacting her family is it's a little bit too much okay so please don't take things real world please don't do that like that could be seen as harassment so please don't do that it's again it's just like I don't want people to contact my family and plus like her mom isn't on the internet right that's a private person don't do that please don't do that if you have the like that you feel like you need to do do that throw your phone out the window I mean also if you're on the first floor and it's like in your backyard because you don't want to hurt anybody but just please please don't do that take it take a break from the internet if you think that you're going to be helpful by contacting a scammer's family and like telling them that they're a scammer they just gave me the ick Jesse Lee isn't a very reliable narrator and that's kind of one of the main points that I want to hit on today it seems like she will always twist stories to make herself look better and then to a lot of times like make herself kind of seem like the victim when she's absolutely not and anyone can be a victim anyone can be a Survivor no matter how powerful how much money you have how successful you are it doesn't matter but it's like clear that in like these situations it's like no what are you talking about like she will say that people are like making up stuff about her and then it's like no Jesse Lee you said you said that information let's go ahead and start on the Columbia trip so I'm not gonna use any names or anything but I warned people I warned them I said look you have 90 days no I do not eat Keto you have 90 days to get in shape and you need to get in shape okay because if you're gonna go on a trip with me we are going to move our freaking bodies okay like I'm sick of people like you like Excellence is also in physical form period okay period I can tell how you feel about yourself because your your physical state is a manifestation what's happening on the inside right and so I'm not a doctor Kathy sorry I can't answer that um so at any rate I warned them I said you should probably be in the gym uh every single day for the 90 days leading up to it I would cut your diet into high protein uh moderate heart moderate complex carbohydrates and drop some fat and some people did not listen to me like I gave them fair warning I think they thought that it was just going to be vacation and so the first day we were chilling in our flipping 12 bedroom Villa we went all around the Columbia City we did the most like it was freaking beautiful day two I tricked them even more I got like a whole life about this um uh tricked them even more to be totally honest I rented a boat for the day so we had this crazy boat day we were out on the water we went on some private islands we went snorkeling these gorgeous fish oh my gosh uh we had great food on the boat dance parties like your typical I'm you know in South America day you know like the delicious food the coconut water with the shape from coconuts like like all this stuff you know and if Sasha Ai and me and Tay were just laughing the whole time and by the way I was training every day so masterminding masterminding masterminding and um and so they were and I I mean I set them up I had them set up for Success don't you worry about it okay like all kinds of coaching and stuff of that nature it was really powerful trainings some of my best trainings ever I would say uh but anyway so we went to and so right before I went to bed that night I said by the way I would prioritize sleep tonight thank you for your order I saw it just go through by the way yes you can still order a link is in the bio you can use use code 15 off for 15 off okay so I warned them I said I would prioritize some sleep tonight because they didn't know we said we're gonna go you know we're gonna go on a little we're gonna go on a hike tomorrow you know prepare for like two hours and look I knew it wasn't two hours okay um Christine that's my first pack what do you recommend I do a clearance bundle please add the mitoplex do the clearance bundle and caffeine or caffeine free and then um and then please let the Motoplex so what can I say I mean I told him I said just be prepared you bring as much water as you think you need for for just you know bring enough water for a full day um you know you might get cold so I bring a cold weather outfit you might go swimming it's up to you I do ship to the Netherlands yes please add international shipping um I said look you know just prepare yourself if you're somebody who needs some snacks take some snacks if you're somebody who gets hot easily you'll bring your bug spray if you you're prone to bugs um and the smart thing to do would be ask leading questions you know so one person was really the smart thing to do would be to not lie to your team especially when you're someone who says that they have to do like they have to be coachable and do everything that you say so they should just blindly trust you but you specifically misled them because you told them prepare for a two-hour hike and then she said I knew it wasn't a two-hour hike and then you're getting frustrated with them because they're not asking leading questions but if they're supposed to blindly follow you and you've said said multiple times it's a two hour hike that's a two hour hike she had said like I had told them to prepare I told them to be in the gym and to like cut their diet and stuff first of all did you tell them that they were gonna go on a two-hour hike or did you tell them they're gonna go on apparently a 15-hour hike which is what she says later and then plot twist it's even more than that because if you were gonna tell me hey you got to be in the gym before this we're gonna be really active then I would be like okay I need to go lift weights because when someone says do you want to go to the gym I'm not doing cardio I'm lifting weights and like yeah some like once a week I will add on 30 or 20 mile cycle like a bike ride or whatever or 50 floors on the stair climb or something like that but mainly when someone's like gotta be hitting the gym I'm like yeah I need to go weightlifting which is what I do at least four times a week unless I'm vomiting because of this little fetus inside of me if she would have said hey we're gonna go on a 15 hour hike you need to get into the gym you need to you need to prepare for that you need to prepare your body for that okay so I'm going to go to the gym get on the treadmill and you know go at an incline for an hour or whatever or okay I'm gonna you know do cardio and like work on my endurance and so I'm gonna be on a stair climber that's like that's how you would prepare for that right I mean I feel like anyone duh but when you're not being specific and not setting people up for Success because she says that she did no you didn't but then you like can't get mad at them like it's your fault like this is the trend of this it's like you're getting mad at them because you didn't prepare them but you're saying that they should have asked more questions but it's like they've been conditioned for years to just blindly follow you I was really smart and she went up to Sasha she said hey so I she literally she's so smart for this she goes I'm on my period how many tampons do I need to bring I don't even know if she was on a period how many tampons should I bring if I'm going to change my tampon every two hours and so she goes would five be enough and Sasha was like no you might want to double that so like it was that was like very intelligent this was like very very intelligent stuff for her to ask that because then she knew oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're spending the night somewhere so she prepared like crazy she was that was Jamie Lynn did that by the way so she was the most prepared right so really really intelligent because she started doing like the math now the crazy thing is Kelsey right overheard that and still didn't prepare okay so we start and literally we had already talked to I was talking about Megan's baby shower in a second we literally had already spoken to our guides because we put the whole thing together with these guys isn't it crazy that she said at the beginning of this that she wasn't gonna name names and then she she basically she's called out someone on her down line and I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure that these 16 people that's for Chelsea the 16 people are like her direct like her direct downline and then because she says later like 16 lines of business no offense to the men out there love y'all however men don't understand vaginas as much as you would think when one of the first female astronauts went up into space and she was on she was I guess like gonna be on her period or something so she she was gonna have one one cycle while she was up there do you know how many tampons NASA gave her they gave her 200 and they're like is that enough what do you think we lose all of our blood what happened I mean sometimes feels like it but so yeah like it not to like justify I mean that girl you know hearing it and then like not kind of catching on context clues okay but like she could have thought just like oh that like that's a guy saying like Oh no you're gonna need 20 tampons for a day that's a lot of tampons like what they're with these guys um and we said if anybody asks throughout the entire day how much longer you know like someone who wants to be able to control everything you are we told them I said that we said you have to say we're almost there so even if they ask 20 minutes in how much longer we're almost there we're almost there we're almost there we're almost there okay now here's where people got stupid so we dropped people off like gummy bear tastes exactly like if you take the bag of Gummy Bears you dump it out and you lick me inside of the bag so it's kind of like a blend of all and it's one of my favorite flavors of all time okay so so we planned it to be like this because the whole thing was I wanted to break people but like not destroy them just like I wanted to see where their mindset is because in business you get really uncomfortable and most people quit all right and I want it and in in business and in leadership people quit on you and then people do this blaming thing all the time like losers blame people and I wanted to find out where my losers are I want to find out who my winners are I want to see who you're literally blaming them when you gave like bad you you gave bad instructions one thing that I heard her saying that I can't I cannot stand that I'm like getting from this entire thing and then also what you'll hear her say from her like response to Aaron B's Julie Joe and DC and like other people reacting to this there's a good minute a good bit of fat phobia and that too so just be aware even though she says it's not then don't call People couch potatoes one thing that she that like you'll get through this entire thing is that she's saying basically and in my opinion out of her mouth if you can't do this hike and if you don't work out then you won't be successful now while I do think that everyone who is you know able-bodied enough to work out great workouts that you can find if you're not able-bodied Erica Manas has a good bit of like workout stuff on her Channel I'll link that down below Steffi also has some stuff on her Instagram and I'll link that down below too I love her so much she definitely a person that's like breaking down stigmas and just the best that I love her again like I was saying I think if you are able-bodied yeah you should work out babe go lift weights it makes you feel great go to the gym I don't want to be that type of person but do it or work out at your house you know endorphins make you happy happy people don't kill their husbands okay I just cannot stand this idea that she puts in her people's head and it and it's literally in my mind just so she can hold that over them because realistically she probably is like the most fit person of that group and I really do think it's just something to like dangle over them and be like well I'm better than you like I make more money than you I'm the leader I'm like the healthiest person here I'm the strongest person here it's just it's gross I want to see who people are with super strong mindsets I wanted to find out I wanted to get really clear on who I am rocking with in this business okay also I know I keep stopping it I'm not sorry I have so much to say breaking people down thing you know going off of No Sleep putting them in uncomfortable situations like that's the exhaustion the like mental wearing them down aspect is a cult tactic absolutely I wanted to get like my very first initial reaction on camera with y'all but I'm pretty sure that Dr Steven Hassan is gonna go over that in the clip that I show you thank God thank God his assistant sent over that clip to me because I could not find it thank God to everyone who has been I was sent me like this clip and then like another one like oh the community of content creators that are just it's amazing again I will have everyone who has made videos about this and like articles and all that and just everything and like really good resources for you I'll have that all linked down below we planned to make them walk five kilometers in direct sunlight on the side of a Colombian Road and so the van stops after a 40-minute drive into the middle of nowhere and the van by the way forgot to mention this the van had just enough seats for uh for 16 people so people were crammed in their like sardines and I said I suggest you don't talk I suggest you use this time to sleep and stay cool when they should have listened they should they were Ducks not everyone was dumb but not everybody was sleeping and certainly people were talking which makes them hotter and they were not resting they didn't listen to you because they thought that they were going on a two-hour hike because that's what you told them also just in case you don't know a 5k 3.1 miles 5K like directly in the sun yeah that would that would kind of suck but also when you think about like 3.1 miles so for instance I've done that in the direct sun I understand like Columbia is closer to the Equator so yeah it's gonna be hot duh that's literally how the Earth Works it's like I and carrying actually like extra weight like your pack or whatever like I get that where it's hotter like yeah that would suck and like uncomfortable already I get it but what I don't understand is why is she saying that she's planning for them to do a five kilometer walk or hike she's saying that it's going to take 15 hours a 15 hour hike how slow are y'all walking it doesn't take me that long to do that I don't I I really cannot wrap my head around this why would it take you 15 ish 11 10 even three even three hours like even if you're walking pretty slow you can walk a mile in like 35 minutes 40 minutes like the math and all the figures and numbers and that's in this that she like spouts off in this video make no sense and we'll get more into that later because it makes no sense at all dumb you need to listen to instructions when the leader speaks listen Okay so I was trying to give them hints all along the way you know can serve your water I was trying to tell them like if you feel like you're prone to bugs you know be ready for this okay so some of you are like I'm out like never mind don't want to join her team listen listen all right so uh she's dropping all these little blurbs here and there implying in my opinion that she was annoyed with them for not being prepared and talking to each other but again she lied to them so you're mad at them for not being prepared for something that you specifically lied to them about never told them about that's gaslighting absolutely crazy and then she said when a leader speaks you listen but also read between the lines because they're gonna purposely mislead you like Jesse Lee what are you talking about so we drop off and we get out and we're literally in the side of a road in sticker bushes and immediately there's some people like ah and I'm like put your hiking boots on man I don't know I don't know what to tell you Courtney was all excited she's like should I put the pants on now shut the pants later I'm like I don't know if you want to put pants on now you can I'm not putting pants on right now I think it's gonna I think it's a little hot right now it's 11 o'clock in the morning we're about to be at the hottest part of the day hey what are in the cans this is this is keto up this is instant ketosis so fat loss muscle preservation sleep skin mood Focus energy and digestion okay so so Courtney was like yeah what about oh I got some extra there's some extra just sitting like she's putting all this because she had she was bug spray and she was prepared with that I'll give her that I was like I wouldn't put pants on if I were you okay uh but anyway she was really excited though and so we're on the side of the road and I literally mean the side of a road okay so cars are zoom zoom zoom right here I'm like get in line get in line so you got people who are scared of heat they're scared of exercise they're scared if they're gonna dehydrate they're scared of motorways they're scared of all this okay okay so before she said they're in the middle of nowhere if you're in the middle of nowhere you're not gonna have cars zooming by you also people who are scared of cars who's scared of a car I mean I understand like people who are get you know nervous when you're walking on the side of a very busy highway yeah that's a that's understandable you don't so you mean people who are scared of getting hit by a car because they didn't know you were going to like this specific area duh and then people who were scared of heat people who are scared of working out dressy Lee how are this any of the 16 people below you scared of working out when y'all are are in a health and wellness MLM that is all about fat loss muscle preservation and like looking your best basically that doesn't make sense her storytelling is absolute garbage but according to her pictures they were in the Playa Blanca Island about an hour and a half boat ride or two hour by car I've been there many times there is a jungle that you can hike in and that's close to the beach but the deeper you go the harder it gets just as a reference usually climate in this region is 80 to 90 degrees Fahrenheit I mean that's the same in Tampa super humid sometimes even hotter of course because the humidity mosquitoes are gigantic so a 15-hour hike must have felt like hell I mean a 15 mile walk anywhere would probably feel like hell just wanted to give you that reference in case you need it for your video thank you for all you do and I said wow thanks for the Insight so she might have been in that area she said that they did like change locations in like the middle of it you took like a boat to go somewhere but this girl also mention another place too like further up in the message and she said the same thing about that one too by the road and I'm just like going you know like knew how far we were going to be like here we go now we have I now look I did actually over prepare all right I thought I had to have enough water for 18 hours so I brought five liters of water because if you don't know about me I'm a freaking camel I knew how far we had to go I over prepared but that's beside the point no Jesse Lee that is the point you can't act like oh I'm I'm so much better I was prepared because you had all the information they didn't they didn't have that information at all because you deliberately lied to them you deliberately did not set them up for success and then you got mad at them and disappointed in them and disgusted with them as you'll see because they weren't prepared but how can they be prepared when you lie to them it's like such a great like look just a peek into the toxic and I don't even want to say borderline abusive because that is abusive behavior and manipulative Behavior like doesn't it just remind you of an ex-boyfriend or ex spouse whoever where like they lie to you and then they get mad at you because of the result of their lies and it's like what my book bag was really heavy which I was like damn it damn it but I was like let's go like I'm not gonna dehydrate because you don't want to see me dehydrated all right so I'm just going Sasha and I are chatting chatting 10. 15 minutes into this freaking hike walk excuse me not hike walk three people are like I gotta pee one of which is Courtney now Courtney's like in such an excited mood that she like runs into the woods like I can say and then she runs out right she runs out after two people who like mosied into the woods okay and I'm like oh they should not be moseying anywhere because we have a really really long way to go okay but they're in the woods and I don't know man they were like you know a long time I'm like this is bad this is is bad for momentum I literally know that we have at least 15 hours left of this but whatever because and like for me also one of the little keys because I do all these crazy hikes and you know go to the Middle East and all hike through the desert and whatever like when you have to pee and you know it's going to be really hot don't pee like let your body like sweat out the the water just FYI okay so I'm really really on the side of the road all these cars are like going by like whatever and then it's hot like I'm not gonna lie you're on asphalt we got a lot to talk about holy urinary tract infection good God now I'm not trying to one-up Jesse Lee Ward but I'll have Ethan insert some pictures no that my audience is bigger you might not know this for six months straight I lived in the wilderness sometimes it was on the side of a mountain in like foresty type of foliage and then for a part of it it was more like Red Rocks which is my favorite love that in St George Utah in southern Utah two and a half hours outside of Las Vegas it's usually where you fly into I went to a Wilderness Program called second nature and Trotta it saved my life I would not be alive right now I understand that there are bad types of experiences and yes there are many residential treatment facilities and therapeutic Wilderness programs that are not run well and they should absolutely be shut down and they're disgusting thank the Lord I went to two of the best therapeutic in treatment places and I'm alive and I'm super thankful for that and I am now a successful and thriving human because of it just in case anyone's like oh my God what about Paris Hilton calm down she actually went to one of the same places as me but then ran away and it's like girl what are you doing like your parents sent you there for a reason we didn't have any cabins it was tarp and cable or Tarpon rope we had like 40 to 80 pound packs on our back keep in mind I'm 15 years old anorexic I got a lot of muscle from that though and they were obviously like over feeding me so I would not die in the cold so I would say I'm pretty experienced with hikes and since then I've done Lots like you know lots of hikes and stuff I don't know what she's talking about by letting your body sweat out the water Jesse Lee do you think that if you drink water and like actually stay hydrated which you should on Hikes and stuff like that if you just think about it your body will sweat out the water or that like water from your bladder will just sweat out what's what is happening what's going on who is following this woman because that's not how that works and yeah like try to hold it I guess so you can like space out your peas but also don't do that just push it out keep going push it out keep going because it's going to get more uncomfortable the more you hike with the full bladder and it's gonna make you miserable sincerely someone who not only has to pee every five minutes now but also someone who still works out a ton and who lived in the woods for six months straight all these cars are like going by like whatever and then it's hot like I'm not gonna lie you're on asphalt it's the Dead Heat of the Equator we're in Cartagena okay and we're just going going and then first person goes like and I'm like are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding me it was 25 minutes into this walk and somebody literally is done and I look at Sasha I'm like are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding me I told them for the last 90 days to go to the gym like literally you know so I'm mad I'm checking my emotional intelligence because I'm like are you kidding me we've done nothing we've literally walked on a straight road and this person starts blaming she's like well we're on a hill I'm like I see Hills of nowhere we're in Colombia you know what I mean like what is going on then I start getting mad I'm like what and then this person starts to mention well I have diabetes I gotta check my blood sugar and Sasha and I look at each other like nobody mentioned diabetes like we might actually kill people on this trip like we literally thought that I was like oh my God he's like do you have your blood sugar monitor I don't know why I'm still walking because we were definitely not walking which was pissing me off what a fun thing to joke about what a fun thing to joke about killing people how well do you know these people on your team that you don't know that they have diabetes like what irresponsible on her part she says how do you know they didn't sign waivers and it's like well obviously say we don't because you didn't say that but also you still lied to them and misled them so that wouldn't matter like on there you would have to put like specifically what type of activities you're doing and then they could come back and and sue you which they probably won't because they're all brainwashed by you but they could come back and say like okay well she lied to us and then that contract or whatever form or waiver would be completely invalid anyway so she takes out the blood sugar thing her blood sugar's at 2 43 and I'm like are you serious right now how is your blood sugar at 243 if you're diabetic you know like I don't even understand this Sasha I don't even know what that means by the way I don't know anything really about diabetes Sasha's like how is this your sugar like what are you eating she goes well I got off the I got off the bus and I had a candy bar because I was tired and Sasha's like are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding me he's German by the way he's like you're diabetic like why why did you have a candy bar you know and she's like I don't know and he's like and I'm like Contraband she said 243 and according to leahy.org I just I Googled it and then also the Mayo Clinic obviously it depends on what type of Diabetes you have I mean there's type 2 type 1 hypoglycemia that you have too much blood glucose a glucose means sugar that happens when your blood level is around 200 or higher hypoglycemia can happen if you miss taking your diabetes medication eat too much or do not get enough exercise you know people on her team not being prepared for what you didn't tell them they were going to be doing completely their fault right Contraband Contraband so then so then one of our little tour guides takes her book bag right and I'm like taking her book bag this is for the week right and I start trying to culture through it I'm like one step in front of the other all right and I'm like here we go one two three four five six seven eight just one two three four five six seven eight okay wasn't even that fast but I'm like get going get it going girl get it going so whoa so then I'm like looking up ahead and I see that there's a commotion all right there's and then our one of our Colombian tour guides and his flip-flops mind you sorry in flops he's running and I'm like oh my God somebody else is down for the count what is going on this is this is you gotta be kidding me it's been 45 minutes at this time 45 minutes and I know this is a 15 hour situation guys 59 just get in yeah okay I was getting a little spicy all right so I'm like what is going on like how what what is happening right now and I look up ahead you know there's a decision I don't have binoculars but I'm pretending okay so I look up ahead like this and I see someone on the ground like literally on the ground I'm like no way like this is actually impossible somebody's on the ground and they're like I'm overheating it's so hot I can't walk this long I'm like looking at Sasha looking at potato looking at soft looking potatoes like I can tell the little Columbia man is talking and well he's speaking in Spanish to Mateo like like why are these why are these Gringos falling over like I want to know first of all as a gringo myself because you know yo soy ass Moy gringa why are they falling over Jessie it's because you lied to them and you didn't tell them specifically hey we're gonna go on a 15 mile All Day hike Adventure swim type thing so you need to get your endurance up and you basically need to like train for that but you lied to them and you specifically and purposely omitted it in my opinion so that I mean that that's she said it herself so if we're taking what she says is truth which yes she's an unreliable narrator but let's say that what she's saying is fat okay she specifically omitted not all facts but specific facts to them so that in my opinion they wouldn't be prepared enough enough so that then she could put them in a situation where they would be being broken down so that in my opinion they would kind of realize or be put in a situation where she could say you're not good enough you're you know failing in your business because of this which Like Jesse Lee there if they're this 16 below you clearly they're not failing like they have to be doing some type of okay if they're this 16 like right below you right if they're below the number one Network marketer in the world she said this the other day the number one Rising female entrepreneur pretty sure Oprah the lady who created and owned Spanx Kendra Scott which that's going kind of downhill but if I looked up any female entrepreneurs or Rising female entrepreneurs you're not on that list girl I want to know what's going on like why are these Pringles like this two Gringos in a row okay like you could tell he was just like I'm very confused like what are we doing here because they knew how long it was going to be too and you could tell that the tour guides were this ain't gonna be good and then so I told Sasha and Taylor said I'm like what are you gonna do like do we call like is there a 911 for Columbia like this person's on the ground says they're lit like like they're we're checking their blood they're uh what is this their pulse everything this person's not diabetic thank God I thought we're gonna have two diabetics I'm like oh God nobody told us anything right so anyway long story short we had to call an emergency motorcycle 45 minutes into the walk okay on this side of the road I'm like there's no way man no freaking way so anyway the rest of the group keeps going ahead we push ahead and we walk the entire direct sunlight like I don't know how hot it was whatever I don't really care it's just heat okay it's all in your head we get to the bird aviary area okay and maybe some people are scared of birds I don't really know when we get to the bird place and there are birds everywhere like peacocks and flamingos and all kinds of stuff it was actually really cool um but we're inside this thing we were supposed to have two and a half hours we start realizing we spent an hour on the side of the river we're at just an hour behind we're like this is really bad like this is actually really bad I know it was not really that hot it's just it was just sunlight and we all had hats on so I don't know but neither here nor there so we give the bird Place bird place is really cool and then we have to keep walking okay so we gotta keep going so this is probably five six hours in or something like that at this point and then uh week so we're walking you know we're chatting we're walking and we're chatting we're walking and we're chatting with everybody and then they think we go to a beach I mean we did go to a beach all right uh so we went to a beach and they were like oh is this where we put the bathing suit it's on since where we put the bathing suits on and I'm like actually Courtney said that are we going swimming this is Courtney we're going Sweden I'm like party no I wouldn't put your bathing suit on right now oh Courtney's watching so perfect so she's like is it are we gonna go to the beach it's still very hot outside because it's probably I don't know five o'clock or something like that and I'm like I wouldn't yet because the whole point was we were gonna make them walk two miles okay on the beach we're going two miles on the beach um I don't know what the question was but oh okay so two miles on the beach and then we were taking them rock climbing all right so these people are already like very stressed out we're walking them on the beach they're starting to like oh maybe we're gonna go to a private beach so they're kind of excited again a private beach and Mateo and I are just laughing at each other Sasha was just laughing Wendy's over here Randy I can tell can't believe she's exercising we get to this rock wall and I mean you could tell that there was some panic in the air well that was rude who's Brandy and why does she hate her Brandy can't believe she's exercising Like Jesse Lee we get it you're skinny you're skinny and you work out it doesn't make you better than anyone pardon for being released like spicy right now guys but she sucks and that's so rude I just I cannot I cannot stand that she so she said again the numbers in this don't match up so she said that this was a 5k which is 3.1 miles right I feel like we all know that you've seen the 3.1 little sticker on the back of people's cars you get it then she said and then we walked two more miles which would have been 5.1 miles right it so either way if it was 3.1 miles or 5 miles in a second she's gonna say it was you know 11 hours like we're at hour 11 now why did it take y'all even if you stopped for an hour help people not die because you're irresponsible and even if you stopped for an hour or two let's say you stopped for three hours total including like the bird sanctuary which is fine I love that for them cute a little like Adventure hike with like fun stops on the way sign me up I would have loved this I would have absolutely loved this day sounds cool not with her that sounds awful and if you're prepared then it sounds like they probably would have enjoyed it so much more if they were prepared like why not do that because she wants to be in control that's why because she's a cult leader it doesn't make sense because she said 11 hours like let's subtract three hours from that so we're at eight hours now still doesn't make sense why would it take you eight hours to walk at an okay Pace three miles or five miles that makes no sense what I'm using their pure therapy oh I did take keto kick okay so you're seeing keto kick right now live in action all right so go ahead buy your keto cake bundle all right I'm like why do I have this much energy what happened all right so uh but at any rate so then they had to get like on all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they had to actually climb up these walls people are freaking out Jamie Lynn is even like I can't do this I literally don't think I can do this I can't do this I don't think I can do this and then she starts talking to herself positively she's like I can do this I'm strong I trust my body and they're throwing themselves on the rocks and they're having like not fun but they were hiking up the rocks and then because we were so far behind we're supposed to be a point that was going to be pretty scary for everybody where uh we did get to it but then we couldn't go because the tide was too high they were gonna have to get totally soaking they were kind of kind of going to get thrown against the rocks at the same time that they hold on to the rocks and kind of like scale the Rocks like I've done in Austria before but not quite so extreme but enough to scare the piss out of them okay so they went so we were gonna go then around and up and there was going to be a place to watch the sunset but because the tide was so high we weren't able to do that in Columbia but that's okay so we turned back around we head back down the Rocks people again are kind of like losing their minds a little bit like oh my gosh people are super scared they're jumping over the rocks and stuff like that until they're a little scared they're gonna fall into the ocean as the waves just kept crashing and crashing and crashing and then uh we saw them to stop so then we're like all right we're gonna go walk on the beach so then we went another two more miles on the beach so two two full miles of the beach and I could hear them say like oh my calves oh oh my ankles are weak oh and I'm like keep it moving and we're setting the pace some people started getting really scared what's wrong oh um you could tell some people were like oh you're going in there aren't you some people were like really scared they were like oh gosh we sit down on the beach the bugs start coming out so I don't like sitting there but that's that's fine we've watched the sunrise sunset together it was super gorgeous in Colombia and then we get back up again and we start walking again now here's where it got really interesting for me they thought we were done this is one of the first times they were like okay it's not a two-hour hike we're on like hour eight or ten uh but everything's okay it's not too bad yet okay so she now she's saying hour eight or ten or subtract four because of like the attempt at rock climbing why would it take you five four seven five or seven hours to walk Three it just doesn't make any sense like am I am I weird freaking I mean yes the answer to no matter what I say next the answer is yes for getting like so hung up on that her story does not make sense and I don't know why I thought it would also I had my a lawyer go over it and we will read what she sent over to me after we're finished with this one this is not what we were expecting right and you could tell that they thought we were done we're not done we stop and we tell them hey we're going to eat here so then they start bringing out raw meat and we build a fire and on a grill we grill chicken and beef and grilled pineapple and there were potatoes and we ate off of literal leaves and Wendy's actually had sand on it so Randy had some chicken tenders basically but that's okay it fell into the sand ah and you and they were actually excited by then they were kind of like yeah this is cool like I'm adaptable I'm I'm good like I can do anything you could tell that they were starting to shift into more powerful versions of themselves at this point but then they definitely thought we were done they shifted into more powerful versions of themselves or did you just wear them down that they were like okay I just have to go with the flow I guess because she says that she paid for all of this because she invited all of them like it was a treat I guess or whatever for her downline like everything she's said if it was like me and hubs and like two friends or even just me and him sounds funny I mean I did something like that in Costa Rica like this I just cannot get it through my head that like she's getting mad at them for not being prepared even though she lied to them like it's just so it's such poor leadership and then we said surprise now this is right around uh around 11 p.m so you tell me in the uh she said my chicken was super crunchy tell me in the chat in the comments what color is the sky generally at 11 p.m in the evening unless you're in Scandinavia in the summer which we're not right now okay so take a gander give me like a color give me a color pattern that happens around you know midnight 11 p.m like what color are we looking at that's right thank you thank you Queen sky black dark Jacqueline black black black black black black the sky's pitch black pitch black no one's around us complete seclusion we're not like on the beach with people guys we took them to a completely secluded area all alone there is nobody you can't scream and get safety we put them in complete seclusion from the world okay no one's coming to help you nobody's come to save you good luck okay um which already would Panic some of you right and uh so then we get I say hey guys we're gonna get in the boat and you can see a lot of these people in their faces were like why are we getting on a boat almost at midnight and I'm like come on show days let's go on the boat okay because I knew it was gonna happen and we drive out on a boat for about I don't know 20 minutes 30 minutes we're now in the middle of the ocean and I know some of you have a fear of what of you know the ocean of of deep water thank you for your order by the way appreciate you middle the ocean pitch black nothing to see but Stars no lights anywhere we're not near towns we're not near people we're not near Villages we're in the middle of the ocean pitch freaking black and the boat stopped and I go okay jump off and they're like what and I said jump jump into the ocean at midnight I said jump into the ocean so they have their life vests on and you could see there like some of them are like nope absolutely not absolutely not it is cold it is uh it is Pitch Black I do not jump into black water I do not jump into deep water I do not jump through the ocean period uh hell no but I didn't just take them to Deep Water I actually took them to uh to plankton no I already grabbed that one so I literally took them to Plankton so if you don't know this if you've ever seen SpongeBob SquarePants so uh Plankton glow as soon as you touch them so they jumped off of the boat into character Plankton and SpongeBob does not glow when you touch him how dare you disrespect him in the Chum Bucket like that she said when I say jump into the ocean you jump into the ocean what in the cult leader some Plankton can glow in the dark the word for this is bioluminescence I'm smart which comes from bio meaning life and Lumen meaning light you know luminos like from Harry Potter most of these Plankton glow blue but a few can glow green red or orange bioluminescent Plankton don't glow all the time it's not all Plankton yeah you're dumb because you don't know about bioluminescent Plankton do you know what time sharks eat I mean all the time but nighttime like sense like dawn dusk and nighttime is usually when like sharks are eating the most justly are you trying to kill these people you Plankton and everywhere they move you see green glowing all over the place it was everywhere it was everywhere you can't even capture it on camera you can probably Google it and try and check it out it'll do it no justice it glows everywhere and we were laughing so hard we're screaming everybody got off everybody ended up jumping in everybody was scream laughing crying having so much fun we're looking up at the stars it's like the crystal clear sky because there's no light pollution and it wasn't a full moon or anything we were completely joyful everyone's like oh my God and then Brittany Anderson started talking about uh Under the Sea at the Krabby Patty and whatever we were laughing so hard um we get back in the boats we head back and we debrief so they started talking about how grateful they were for you know for the warm water how grateful they were for you know the hard day where their bodies hurt and they thought they were going to give up so grateful that they kept pushing and you know for fresh water to drink and for all this stuff right for the food that we ate and um and so they started having a lot of gratitude towards this stuff and they really thought we were done as a matter of fact Courtney was like I really thought for a minute there that we were gonna spend the night here because we really made it seem you know like oh shoot this is I need to get to the Instagram one just shut off within an hour um we'll figure that out again but anyway uh we weren't done though okay and after we went through the debrief which was really awesome and I and I actually hammered these people about like I didn't I mean I did mean to be like this I told them about the disappointment for their physical health the disappointment for how much they have not been taking care of their bodies the disappointment for clearly not eating well and taking care of themselves um I really told them like I didn't keep anything from them um about that um thank you for following by the way I didn't keep anything from them other than the length of the hike and how much they should have prepared and all of the information for that day but go off perfect okay so anyway so sorry I'm having Instagram uh issues my Instagram is being crazy um so anyway I uh so then as soon as we're done the debrief and I kind of get on these people and we have a leadership lesson I'm coaching them a little bit really powerful stuff Sasha funny Sasha goes yeah and uh now we're gonna take you guys to your hotel we're gonna take you where you guys are gonna stay tonight the hotel you'll be staying at is called the million stars AKA I made them sleep whether they were prepared or not on the beach in Colombia in Cartagena um two of our guides had to stay up all night long because it's apparently actually extremely dangerous you could be uh kidnapped or whatever it didn't happen no problem we didn't feel endangered it was flipping amazing um and I will tell you you start having gratitude for everything uh Kelsey Ray was really pissed off uh she I could see rocks was really mad rocks from Mexico was super mad they weren't prepared right they didn't we told them you don't have warm weather clothes they thought we were kidding so um Kelsey had to sleep just in her bathing suit bottoms which is not awesome when it's like you know 70 degrees outside and you're on the ocean I slept like a freaking angel um it was amazing so uh and then the next morning we wake up we have fresh fruit we get on the boat we walk back no shoes allowed uh we walk through the city of Cartagena no shoes and we get back to the house and I had massage therapists waiting for all 16 people I paid for full body massages for an hour and 15 minutes for every single person um and literally their whole lives are changed so for the better because you were prepared again even even with the stuff that she said because she was like yeah maybe bring worm clothes you know you might get cold at one point or she also said like bring enough water for a day not for a day and night not for 24 hours and again like you're not only putting them in danger with the like circumstances that you're putting you know putting them in because you know one of them had diabetes or health issues or whatever but then also putting them in danger and like a dangerous like area having them sleep on the beach like where where those guides armed I would hope so if it doesn't really I don't know I would I don't know so it might have been might not have been so like their whole lives were changed it was so great their lives are changed because like I lied to them they were exhausted and then I rewarded them and like I paid for no one cares if you paid for a masseuse or a team of masseurs masseuse to be there how are you going to want to be praised or bragging about what you did to solve a problem or to like alleviate something or relieve something when like you did the bad thing but also more so than that she said that she made them hike back to the Villa from the beach so they hiked what five miles back Barefoot on the hot asphalt like why like what was the point of all of this like this could have been like a cool team building like pushing yourself type of experience and you didn't have to lie about all of it but that's what makes it like super super culty literally doesn't make sense also how like poorly did she treat the person that had to be taken back to The Villa on the bike I bet she treated her just like absolute poop so the pictures the video everything like it doesn't know Justice my whole life lesson and all of that to them and to you as well if you're listening this and watching this is you guys if you're wondering why your life keeps sucking you're not putting yourself in positions to grow okay you're literally not you're not putting yourself in positions to grow you have to force yourself to have pain in order to grow physical pain is how muscles grow mental pain is how your mind grows emotional pain is how you grow emotionally intelligent all this stuff so um yes am I actually I'm I'm very successful facts are facts okay all right so her lesson is force yourself to go through pain because pain is how you grow so people who haven't like experienced any like trauma don't grow you don't have to put your muscles through like pain like you're you're stretching your muscle you're flexing your muscle that's how you're growing your muscles working out doesn't always have to hurt like sometimes I you're not even like little little shakes feel the burn a little bit but it's not like pain you can grow without hurting yourself or putting yourself through that emotional pain but again this sounds like something we're done listening to her by the way thank God but this sounds like something that an abusive partner would say it's it's just not healthy and she's oh it's it's so cringe that there are so many people that went on that trip that are like oh my God this changed my life did it did it really change your life or are you just more brainwashed like into her service because that's what it sounds like it sounds like you're just more loyal to her because of the like abusive tactics that she's using on you good Lord okay we are going to listen to Dr Stephen Hassan's point of view on it now okay it's only 44 seconds but let's listen to what he has to say and then we are going to have to do a part two of this video boy what a bully and Persona is just like a cult leader just shaming and blaming and guilt-tripping and lying and withholding Vital Information and just totally elitist it's kind of disgusting and if she makes millions of dollars through these kinds of techniques I'm sure there's a lot of very upset disgruntled people and regarding the person who needed to get emergency help on her trip talking to a lawyer might be a good idea thank you Dr Stephen Hassan the leading cult expert in the U.S if he is saying that you are exhibiting cult leader Behavior you might be a cult leader like oh Lord God isn't he just the best I love him so much he's great he does amazing work really just the best honestly whenever anyone is like I really need help getting this person out of this or that or blah blah even if you're in like Jehovah's Witness as well if you're you know feel trapped in Mormonism or whatever please please go to that website it is so so so helpful we're gonna do part two because there's a lot more to go to go over and that will be her response and I'll probably post that the day after I post this one and you know what I'll make that one the sponsored one instead of this one so that I can get this one up faster for y'all all right y'all I appreciate you so much this was pretty crazy but it gets worse I hope you have a great rest of your day night weekend whenever you're watching this don't let someone treat you like this this is not normal think about it she's she's their boss essentially she's their upline she's their Mentor a mentor the the leader in your job should not be acting like this it's very elitist is a great way to put it also I just looked down at my notes the last note that I have which was from an hour and 10 minutes into her video she called herself the number one Rising female entrepreneur in the world and I have a little arrow that says what a delusional weirdo I hope you have a great rest of your week weekend whatever please do subscribe I would appreciate it so much truly wild I know there's a very slim chance but anyone who was on that trip anyone who has been under her or is still under her and like looks up to her it's not okay for you to be treated like this it's not at all you deserve so much better you can grow as a person you can have a life-changing experience know your worth without being treated like this without being torn down she specifically said that she wanted to like destroy people and break them down that's why she lied to them that's why she purposely withheld information that is cult leader tactics I will have down below the the bite model all those resources from Dr Steven Houston's website but then also characteristics of a cult leader again I go over all of that extensively in my deep dive video of her I'll have that linked down below and then also it'll be in one of the little like eye little like eye icon thing little cards that pop out so if you click on that you'll see you know my interview with Stephen Hassan and then this video too and I'll put the live stream of Julie Joe and Aaron B's reacting to that too if you don't follow them please do and DC I'll see you in my next video You're valid you are valuable stick up for yourself being treated like that it's ridiculous goodbye

- Walgreens Agrees to Pay NM $500 Million to Settle Opioid Lawsuit | The Line: Kind: captions Language: en-US >> Gene: WELCOME BACK TO OUR LINE OPINION PANEL&nbsp; FOR ONE LAST SEGMENT. THE PHARMACY CHAIN&nbsp; WALGREEN'S HAS AGREED TO PAY NEW MEXICO&nbsp; $500 MILLION TO SETTLE THE STATE'S LEGAL CLAIMS&nbsp; OVER THE COMPANY'S ROLE IN THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC.&nbsp; NOW, THAT SETTLEMENT IS THE LARGEST IN NEW&nbsp; MEXICO'S HISTORY OF COURT BATTLES WITH&nbsp; OPIOID MANUFACTURERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, AS WELL,&nbsp; AND IT MARKS THE LAST IN A SERIES OF DEALS STRUCK&nbsp; WITH FINAL PHARMACY-CARRYING&nbsp; COMPANIES, INCLUDING ALBERTSON'S, CVS,&nbsp; KROGERS AND WAL-MART. GET THIS, THOSE FOUR&nbsp; CHAINS SETTLED WITH THE STATE LAST FALL FOR A&nbsp; COMBINED $274 MILLION. THE WALGREEN'S MONEY IS&nbsp; GOING TO BE SPREAD ACROSS THE NEXT 15&nbsp; YEARS. THIS IS INTERESTING,&nbsp; TOO. I WANT MERRITT TO TOUCH&nbsp; ON THIS. 55% GOING TO LOCAL&nbsp; MUNICIPALITIES, 45% OF IT GOING TO THE STATE.&nbsp; NOW, BEYOND THAT BREAKDOWN, WE DON'T HAVE&nbsp; MANY SPECIFIC, MERRITT, ON HOW THE FUNDS WILL BE&nbsp; USED. MAYBE A LITTLE MORE&nbsp; TRANSPARENCY MIGHT HELP HERE, BUT IN YOUR&nbsp; INITIAL THOUGHT ABOUT HOW THE MONEY BREAKS&nbsp; DOWN AND WHO GETS IT, IS THIS FAIR TO EVERYONE&nbsp; INVOLVED? >> Merritt: I THINK THAT&nbsp; SEEMS RIGHT. IT WORRIES ME THAT THERE&nbsp; IS NOT THE INFRASTRUCTURE&nbsp;&nbsp; TO ACCEPT THAT MONEY.&nbsp; I MEAN, WE DON'T HAVE THE PROVIDERS TO REALLY&nbsp; MANAGE THAT MONEY AND PROVIDE TREATMENT.&nbsp; AND SO I HOPE THE STATE WOULD LOOK AT USING&nbsp; THEIR PORTION OF THE MONEY TO HELP CREATE&nbsp; THAT INFRASTRUCTURE, OR CONSIDER AN INVESTMENT&nbsp; FUND TO SUSTAIN A BEHAVIORAL HEALTH&nbsp; NETWORK. I THINK THAT WOULD BE&nbsp; THE MOST SENSIBLE THING, BECAUSE WHEN WE GOT OUR&nbsp; OF THE QUESTIONS WAS,&nbsp; CAN THE STATE MANAGE THIS MONEY EFFECTIVELY?&nbsp; MY FIRST THOUGHT WAS, NO, OF COURSE NOT.&nbsp; I DON'T FEEL LIKE WE HAVE A GOOD TRACK RECORD&nbsp; WITH IT. BUT CERTAINLY OUR RURAL&nbsp; AREAS HAVE BEEN HURT SO BADLY, AND I FEEL LIKE&nbsp; DISPROPORTIONATELY BY THE OPIOID CRISIS.&nbsp; I LIKE SEEING IT GO TO MUNICIPALITIES.&nbsp; THE PROBLEM IS, THEY'RE THE ONES WHO LACK THE&nbsp; MOST INFRASTRUCTURE TO REALLY ADMINISTER THOSE&nbsp; FUNDS. AND SO IF THE STATE&nbsp; COULD REALLY FOCUS ON HELPING THOSE&nbsp; MUNICIPALITIES GET THE INFRASTRUCTURE AND THE&nbsp; PROVIDERS THEY NEED, I THINK THAT WOULD BE A&nbsp; REALLY GOOD USE OF THIS WINDFALL.&nbsp; >> Gene: SHAUN, TO THIS POINT THAT MERRITT IS&nbsp; MAKING IS THIS IDEA OF HOT SPOTS AROUND THE&nbsp; STATE, AND THERE ARE FOR OPIOID EPIDEMICS.&nbsp; BUT HER PREVIOUS POINT ABOUT RURAL VERSUS&nbsp; URBAN, ALBUQUERQUE'S BATTLE IS CERTAINLY&nbsp; DIFFERENT THAN CLOVIS OR WHEREVER THE CASE MAY&nbsp; BE. SHOULD THERE BE MORE&nbsp; STIPULATIONS ABOUT HOW THIS MONEY GOES TO&nbsp; CERTAIN AREAS AROUND THE STATE AS OPPOSED TO HOW&nbsp; WE USUALLY DO IT, ALBUQUERQUE AND SANTA FE&nbsp; GRAB THE BIGGEST PORTION AND THEN WE ALL JUST&nbsp; KIND OF MOVE ON AND DON'T THINK ABOUT IT.&nbsp; IS THIS AN OPPORTUNITY HERE TO REALLY LEAN INTO&nbsp; SOME RURAL AREAS OF OUR STATE?&nbsp; >> Shaun: YES, I THINK IT'S AN INCREDIBLE&nbsp; OPPORTUNITY HERE. THIS WHOLE OPIOID ERA OF&nbsp; ADDICTION AFFECTED EVERY SINGLE PERSON.&nbsp; I WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL -- I GRADUATED HIGH SCHOOL&nbsp; IN 2006, AND AT THAT POINT THE OPIOIDS WERE&nbsp; ALREADY AROUND SCHOOLS. STUDENTS WERE ABUSING&nbsp; THEM, USING THEM, AND YOU KNOW, 17 YEARS LATER&nbsp; THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE ALREADY DIED OR ARE&nbsp; STILL IN THEIR ADDICTION IS STAGGERING, AND&nbsp; THAT'S ACROSS THE STATE. THAT'S EVERYBODY.&nbsp; AND THAT'S NOT JUST EVEN FOR PEOPLE IN MY&nbsp; GENERATION, THAT'S ALL OF US HERE THAT HAVE&nbsp; EXPERIENCED THAT AT SOME POINT.&nbsp; LIKE, WE'RE SEVERAL LAYERS, IF NOT ONE&nbsp; DIRECT LAYER, OR PERSONALLY FROM&nbsp; EXPERIENCING THAT OURSELVES.&nbsp; SO YEAH, IT NEEDS TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN A WAY&nbsp; THAT WILL SUPPORT RURAL HEALTH SYSTEMS AND JUST&nbsp; OUR RURAL PEOPLE. >> Gene: WE'RE TALKING A&nbsp; COMBINED $775 MILLION. TO MERRITT'S POINT, WHY&nbsp; AREN'T WE OUT BUILDING STUFF, LIKE RIGHT NOW?&nbsp; THIS WOULD SEEM TO BE THE OPPORTUNITY TO&nbsp; REALLY GET AFTER THIS. >> Shaun: THAT'S THE&nbsp; QUESTION I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T HAVE AN ANSWER&nbsp; TO THAT, AND THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I'VE BEEN&nbsp; TRYING TO THINK ABOUT, AS TO WHAT IS STAGGERING&nbsp; TO THE STATE THAT'S GOING TO PREVENT US FROM&nbsp; SPENDING THIS IMMEDIATELY.&nbsp; NOW, THERE ARE SOME LAYERS OF HOW THE STATE&nbsp; CAN DISTRIBUTE IT AND WHERE IT'S GOING TO GO,&nbsp; AND POTENTIAL INVESTMENT MIGHT ACTUALLY, LIKE,&nbsp; STORE THAT MONEY AWAY SO IT CAN GROW AND BUILD&nbsp; AND YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO TAP THAT FOR ANY TYPE OF&nbsp; IMMEDIATE INFRASTRUCTURE.&nbsp; BUT I DON'T KNOW. I REALLY WISH I COULD&nbsp; ANSWER THAT. I KNOW THAT YOU NEED MY&nbsp; ANSWER FOR SOMETHING LIKE THIS.&nbsp; >> Gene: FAIR ENOUGH. INTERESTING, MARTHA,&nbsp; THIS PAST SESSION, OPIOID PROBLEM BILLS&nbsp; LARGELY FAILED IN THE ROUNDHOUSE, AS I RECALL.&nbsp; IT DIDN'T QUITE CONNECT THERE.&nbsp; MIGHT THIS MONEY CHANGE SOME MINDS UP THERE THIS&nbsp; NEXT COMING SESSION? >> Martha: WELL, LET'S&nbsp; HOPE SO. THEY DIDN'T FAIL SO MUCH&nbsp; AS THEY JUST DIED. THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.&nbsp; THEY NEVER GOT TO THE FLOOR.&nbsp; AND IT'S BEEN SUCH A CRISIS, I AM AMAZED THAT&nbsp; THEY COULD NOT PRIORITIZE THAT LONG&nbsp; ENOUGH TO LOOK AT -- THERE WERE TWO BILLS, I&nbsp; BELIEVE, THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN SOME&nbsp; SERIOUS CONSIDERATION, AND THAT DID NOT HAPPEN.&nbsp; >> Gene: ONE OF THEM MIGHT HAVE BEEN HOUSE&nbsp; BILL 263. IT WOULD HAVE CREATED&nbsp; OVERDOSE PREVENTION CENTERS WHERE DRUG USERS&nbsp; COULD SAFELY CONSUME CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES,&nbsp; SOUNDS VERY EUROPEAN, BUT THAT'S WHERE WE ARE&nbsp; RIGHT NOW, WHICH WOULD INCLUDE FENTANYL.&nbsp; AND THERE WAS HB263, FIRST INTRODUCED IN&nbsp; 2021. LET ME KICK OVER HERE TO&nbsp; MERRITT AND LET'S STAY IN OUR LEGISLATURE.&nbsp; WHAT DO THESE FOLKS NEED TO DO?&nbsp; I WON'T SAY THEY'RE NOT TAKING IT SERIOUSLY, BUT&nbsp; SOMETHING'S NOT QUITE CONNECTING ON HOW TO&nbsp; ATTACK THE PROBLEM. AGAIN, IS IT A&nbsp; $500 MILLION LEVER TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN?&nbsp; >> Merritt: IT COULD BE. I WAS REALLY PUZZLED BY&nbsp; THE LEGISLATURE THIS SESSION.&nbsp; I MEAN, YOU LOOK AT THE GLARING NEED FOR CHILD&nbsp; WELFARE LEGISLATION AND NOTHING HAPPENED.&nbsp; SO I DON'T KNOW THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS GOING TO&nbsp; BE THE ANSWER. I THINK IT MAY HAVE TO&nbsp; BECOME AN EXECUTIVE PRIORITY, AND I DON'T&nbsp; LIKE THAT EITHER. I DON'T LIKE GIVING TOO&nbsp; MUCH POWER TO A SINGLE BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT,&nbsp; AND THAT'S WHAT WORRIES ME SO MUCH ABOUT GETTING&nbsp; HUGE WINDFALLS LIKE THIS, BECAUSE OUR&nbsp; GOVERNMENT IS NOT FUNCTIONING WELL AND&nbsp; IT'S NOT SERVING US WELL.&nbsp; SO IN AN IDEAL WORLD, YES, THE LEGISLATURE&nbsp; WOULD TAKE THIS ACTION AND I WOULD ENCOURAGE&nbsp; THEM TO DO SO AND CONSIDER THE&nbsp; INFRASTRUCTURE AND THE NETWORK WE NEED TO&nbsp; ACTUALLY GET PEOPLE THE CARE THEY NEED, WHICH WE&nbsp; DO NOT HAVE RIGHT NOW. I'M VERY WORRIED THAT IS&nbsp; GOING TO BE A WINDFALL THAT GOES NOWHERE.&nbsp; >> Gene: I'M HEARING YOU, I'M ABSOLUTELY&nbsp; HEARING YOU. SHAUN, INTERESTINGLY,&nbsp; ADDICTION AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS IS NOT OUR&nbsp; ONLY PROBLEMS HERE. I'M WONDERING -- I KNOW&nbsp; WE'RE GOING TO HAVE STIPULATIONS ON HOW THE&nbsp; MONEY CAN BE USED, BUT THERE'S AN ARGUMENT TO&nbsp; BE MADE THERE ARE OTHER IMPACTS OF DRUG USE,&nbsp; LIKE FENTANYL AND SUCH, THAT COULD USE SOME&nbsp; INFUSION OF CAPITAL, AS DO YOU ANTICIPATE PERHAPS A BATTLE OVER&nbsp; HOW WE CAN USE THIS MONEY?&nbsp; BECAUSE JUST USING IT FOR OPIOID ABATEMENT,&nbsp; AGAIN, THAT'S A VERY WIDE TUNNEL TO DRIVE&nbsp; THROUGH. A LOT OF THINGS COULD&nbsp; FIT IN THERE, SO TO SPEAK.&nbsp; ANY ANTICIPATION THERE? >> Shaun: I MEAN, YOU&nbsp; HAVE TO LOOK AT THE PROVIDERS OF FENTANYL,&nbsp; AND I DON'T THINK THAT THE AG IS GOING TO BE&nbsp; ABLE TO SUE ANY CARTELS AND WIN A SETTLEMENT.&nbsp; SO YEAH, THEIR PREDICTION COULD&nbsp; POTENTIALLY BE AN ISSUE WHERE, HEY, LOOK, THIS&nbsp; IS OUR CURRENT ADDICTION CRISIS RIGHT NOW, AND&nbsp; FENTANYL IS AT THE PEAK RIGHT NOW.&nbsp; WE DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT'S GOING TO COME&nbsp; AFTER THAT. SO THERE COULD BE&nbsp; ANOTHER DRUG AND ANOTHER ADDICTION ISSUE THAT&nbsp; COMES THROUGH, BECAUSE IT'S UNFORTUNATE THAT&nbsp; THE UNITED STATES HAS LOST THE WAR ON DRUGS&nbsp; AND AMERICANS LOVE THEIR DRUGS.&nbsp; THE ADDICTION ISSUES HERE, ACROSS THE COUNTRY&nbsp; AND WHAT WE SEE IN THE STATE, ARE NOT GOING&nbsp; ANYWHERE, THEY'RE ONLY ACCELERATING INTO HIGHER&nbsp; AND HIGHERS DOSES. >> Gene: THAT MAKES MY&nbsp; QUESTION TO MARTHA MORE INTERESTING STILL.&nbsp; THESE FUNDS WILL BE ALLOCATED OVER 15 YEARS.&nbsp; IS THERE A REASONABLE TIME WE CAN EXPECT&nbsp; RESULTS FROM SOMETHING LIKE THIS?&nbsp; ARE WE AT THAT PLACE IN SOCIETY, IN TEN YEARS WE&nbsp; WANT THIS BETTER, IN FIVE YEARS WE WANT THIS&nbsp; BETTER? ARE WE THERE YET?&nbsp; >> Martha: WELL, IF YOU'VE GOT ANY PLAN, YOU&nbsp; GOT TO SAY, WHAT'S THE FIRST THING WE DO, AND&nbsp; GENE, I AM ASTOUNDED THAT THIS HAS BEEN IN&nbsp; LITIGATION FOR YEARS. WHY ISN'T THERE ALREADY&nbsp; A PLAN? THEY HAD TO KNOW THAT&nbsp; THIS WAS COMING. THEY DIDN'T KNOW HOW&nbsp; MUCH, BUT THE STEPS COULD HAVE BEEN&nbsp; OUTLINED. AND NOW WE'RE CAUGHT&nbsp; FLAT-FOOTED, FRANKLY. MERRITT IS RIGHT THERE'S&nbsp; NO PLAN, THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN A PLAN.&nbsp; >> Gene: DO YOU TRUST A PLAN THAT'S GOING TO BE HURRIEDLY&nbsp; PUT TOGETHER? >> Martha: NOT MUCH, NO.&nbsp; AND ONE THING, YEAH, THEY GOT WALGREEN'S AND&nbsp; SOME OF THE LEGITIMATE PROVIDERS.&nbsp; NOT A WORD ABOUT THE ILLEGAL MANUFACTURERS OF&nbsp; FENTANYL. NOTHING.&nbsp; WHAT IS BEING DONE ABOUT THAT?&nbsp; ARE THEY TRYING TO SEE WHO THEY ARE, WHERE THEY&nbsp; ARE, AND WHAT IS THEIR SUPPLY CHAIN?&nbsp; WALGREEN'S AND THE REST OF THEM, THEY PROBABLY&nbsp; DID A COST BENEFIT ANALYSIS AND SAID, WE'RE&nbsp; GOING TO MAKE MORE MONEY ON FENTANYL THAN WE'RE&nbsp; GOING TO PAY OUT IN SETTLEMENT.&nbsp; BUT THE ILLEGAL FOLKS SEEM TO ME TO JUST BE&nbsp; OFF THE RADAR. >> Gene: INTERESTING&nbsp; POINT THERE. I WISH WE HAD MORE TIME&nbsp; FOR THIS, IT'S A BIG ONE FOR NEW MEXICO.&nbsp; BUT THANKS AGAIN TO OUR LINE PANEL AS ALWAYS&nbsp; THIS WEEK. BE SURE TO LET US KNOW&nbsp; ABOUT ANY OF THE TOPICS THESE FOLKS COVERED ON&nbsp; OUR FACEBOOK, TWITTER OR INSTAGRAM PAGES, AND&nbsp; CATCH ANY EPISODES YOU MAY HAVE MISSED ON THE&nbsp; PBS APP, WHICH IS PRETTY COOL, YOUR ROKU, OR YOUR&nbsp; SMART TV. THANKS AGAIN FOR JOINING&nbsp; US AND FOR STAYING INFORMED AND ENGAGED.&nbsp; WE'LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT WEEK, IN FOCUS.

- The Truth About PricingYou Dance & Fitness Classes | 103: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a dance or fitness instructor who wants to grow your classes, boost income, and turn your passion into a real business, you're in the right place. Each week, I'll share the exact strategies, lessons, and truth smacks from building a thriving belly dance fitness brand. We'll dive into what actually fills classes and keep students coming back so that you can build a profitable instructor career. So, lace up those sneakers and pull on those dance shoes. It's time to build the business you deserve. I'm Orit and welcome to Dancefitit Bisbuilders. Hey there and welcome to Dancefitit Bisbuilders. I'm Orit and today we're going to be talking all things pricing. All right, so what should you charge for your classes and services? And folks, truthm Smack, doing more, teaching more is not going to make you more money. All right. So, let me start with the question I know a lot of you are asking. What should I charge for my classes? Right? Or am I charging too much or not enough? Right? If you're newer, it's even more confusing because you're thinking, should I match what the gym charges? Should I charge less because I'm new? Should I just keep it low so people just come? So, let me give you something clear right out of the gate. Pricing is not the reason your classes aren't growing. And also, there's no perfect number that suddenly makes people say yes. I know that's not the neat answer you wanted, but it's the one that actually helps you. So, first, let's start with what should you charge. Here's the real baseline. If you're teaching, let's say a single dropping class is typically like 15 to 25 bucks, right? Depending on your market. or a specialty class or a branded class can be like 20 to 35 plus bucks. And workshops or series could be like 25 to 50 plus per session. Online programs or memberships could be anywhere from 20 bucks a month to 200 plus. But these numbers don't matter if your value isn't clear because you can charge 10 bucks and still not fill your class. and you can charge 25 bucks and have a wait list. Here's the truth smack that most instructors miss. If your classes aren't selling, it's not because your price is too high. It's because the value isn't obvious. And when the value isn't clear, your brain goes, "Okay, I'll just lower the price." Right? But lowering your price doesn't fix the confusion. It just makes you work harder. It makes you earn less and it attracts less committed students. Now, I want to talk about the pricing traps, especially for new instructors. All right, number one, they usually think, "I'll just charge less because I'm new." All right, I get that. Let's say you just got certified in something or you're just getting your feet wet in teaching. Sure, charge a little less maybe the first 6 months or so, right? But once you get your feet wet, you're getting some people through the door. No, charge what you're worth because being new doesn't necessarily mean you're worthless, right? It means you just need more clarity, not cheaper pricing. Number two, trying to match what everyone else is doing. Okay, I get it. I get it. But that is the fastest way to blend in, right? You got to think about what makes you unique and then put that value in it and then price it that way. Because look, blending in and doing what everyone else does, you're not building a business. You're just copying the same freaking menu. And menus compete on price. Three, charging what feels safe. Safe pricing feels like, "Oh, I don't want people to say no." But that fear leads to undercharging, overwork, and burnout. So, here's what your students are actually thinking when you're not pricing what you're worth. Okay? Your students are not doing math like, "Oh, is this $18 or $22?" They're thinking, "Is this going to work for me?" And they decide based on, "Will I feel confident? Will I be able to follow? Will I actually get the results that they're claiming or that I'm looking for? If that answer is unclear, price doesn't matter. They're not going to come. So, I want to talk about why teaching more, doing more, serving more doesn't fix this problem, right? Instructors think, "Oh, I need more time slots. I got to hustle a little bit more. I need more chances to do this and that and create more." But if the experience isn't strong, more classes equals more of the same freaking problem. Growth doesn't come from value. It comes from retention and trust. So what actually makes people pay and come back? Clear outcome. This is what you need to focus on. That's number one. What are they getting beyond a good class or a good workout? and the ease of following. That's number two. Can they actually succeed in your class and progression, which is number three, do they feel better week after week? Are they seeing the results? We've got also confidence, which is number four. Do they leave thinking, "Shit, I can do this. I got this. I'm great." And number five, the experience. Does your class feel structured or does it feel just kind of chaotic? Whatever you feel like doing that day. When these five things are strong, your price becomes easier to justify and a justification for an increase perhaps. So if you want to make more money, don't start by raising your price. Start by asking, "How can I make my classes feel more valuable?" Then I want you to improve your teaching clarity. I want you to build a little bit more structure. I want you to create more consistency. And I want you to focus on retention and have all the literature and the promotion and the descriptions back that up. Because when students feel successful, feel seen, and they feel like they're progressing, they don't ask about the freaking price. They stay. So, the bottom line, folks, if you're stuck on pricing, you're asking the wrong first question. The better question is, why would someone choose my class and come back? Answer that and the pricing becomes a whole lot easier. So, folks, you don't get paid more because you teach more. you get paid more because your teaching creates value that people want to stay for. So, if you're currently teaching and you want better retention, you want people to come back, and if you're wondering why people are always two steps behind, I'm teaching a free training on Thursday, April 23rd, 2:00 p.m. Eastern. And I want you to grab your seat. Just go to the show notes for the link. All right, folks. Thanks so much. And if this helped you and you feel like it can help another colleague or friend, feel free to share the episode with them. And again, I would love a five-star review and a review of the podcast because the more reviews I get, the more people will see this and the more people that I can help. Until next episode, you know the drill. Go and kick some ass. Are you new and you're not sure what to charge for your classes? How about are you currently teaching and do you feel like you're undercharging and overwork? Well, if that's the case, this episode is for you. Let's dive in.

- Facebook Isn't Dead - Instructors, Here's How To Use It | 102: Kind: captions Language: en Is Facebook dead or are you just not using it right? If you're a dance or fitness instructor posting and not getting students, this episode is for you. I'm joined by Jessica of the stage again and we're breaking down what is working to grow your business on Facebook. Let's get into it. If you're a dancer fitness instructor who wants to grow your classes, boost income, and turn your passion into a real business, you're in the right place. Each week, I'll share the exact strategies, lessons, and truth smacks from building a thriving belly dance fitness brand. We'll dive into what actually fills classes and keep students coming back so that you can build a profitable instructor career. So, lace up those sneakers and pull on those dance shoes. It's time to build the business you deserve. I'm Orite and welcome to Dancefitit Bizbuilders. Hello and welcome to Dancefitit Bizbuilders. I'm Ori, your host, and I have another special guest today, and she's a repeat guest. This is Jessica of the stage, and we're going to be talking about all things Facebook and how she grew her business with it. So, without further ado, I present to you Jessica. Hello. Welcome on to the podcast again. Hi, everyone. Super excited to be here. So, we're going to be talking about growing classes and Facebook and these are all my favorite subjects. So, I'm very excited to get started. >> So, Jessica, I hear this a lot that Facebook is dead. Is it? Well, I mean, what are they misunderstanding here? >> It is definitely not dead. So, it has over 2.9 billion active accounts. So, it is still the biggest platform around by far. So Tik Tok and Instagram are coming up its heels. It doesn't mean that Facebook is dead. In fact, for group fitness instructors, I would say Facebook is still the number one platform because it's the one that's been here the longest. And uh and all the newer platforms kind of appeal to a younger generation. So depending on your format and who your target audience is, if your target audience is 16 year olds, then Facebook might not be relevant to you. You might want to go to Tik Tok. Although the people who are going to pay for the 16 years are going to be the parents. Um, if your target audience is more like young adults in their 20s or 30s, then Instagram is where they like to hang out. But for most fitness instructors, which is, you know, the the people that I help the most, um, most people that go to a fitness class, whether they go to a gym or they go to a studio or they go to or they do this online, most of them are in their 30s or above. Uh, they're moms. and those people are on Facebook. So, uh it is not dead by far. There has more competitions, there's more vierity, there's more stuff to do. Uh but Facebook is still very very big and very very relevant. >> Thank you for that. How do you feel Facebook is different than the other platforms? >> I have a soft spot for Facebook. Facebook is just a lot more comprehensive. So, there's a lot more um what is the word? like I want to say bulky but not bulky is not the word. It it it has more stuff in it. So the other platforms, yes, you're allowed to to uh to post and you know have a personal profile or a business version of it and there's insight, but all the other platforms don't have Facebook groups and Facebook groups is something that is really really really unique to Facebook and it is a gamecher when it comes to building an audience, growing an audience, getting yourself seen by the right audience. Not that you have to have a Facebook group, but just the fact that Facebook has groups really helps you grow your audience even if you don't have one, even if you don't have a group. Uh so it's harder to do to create that sense of community in other platforms. You have to create that sense of community in like the actual profile that you have and it's just not as cozy, I want to say. Uh so creating groups or having access to groups is something that makes Facebook very very unique. Another thing that makes Facebook very unique and I think that is very um attractive for fitness instructors uh especially the ones who are not really good at promoting your classes. So, if you're good at teaching your classes but not so great at promoting your classes, definitely do Facebook first and then Instagram because Facebook really likes to um portray the real you. You know, the the reality of who you are, the behind the scenes, the mundane. When it comes to the other platforms, you either have to do all video, which takes a lot of editing, and a lot of instructors can kind of get in their head about that and either don't do it or don't do it consistently because it's it can become very overwhelming. Or it has to be very polished. Like Instagram has to be very polished. You want to look your best. You want to have good filters. You want to that's like a more glossy version of you. So again, if you're not good at promoting your classes and now you have to do it well to where it looks polished, it the likelihood of you promoting and staying consistent goes way down. But on Facebook, you don't have to. Facebook really likes it when it's you just being you. When we get to see the dirty dishes, you without makeup, you with, you know, your hair all over the place, when it's not polished, those things do really well on Facebook. So then that allows instructors who just want to grow their classes. They don't have time to be messing with all of these, you know, edits and and and filters and that you don't have time to do that because you're teaching 17 classes. Just post something, however it is, selfie, sweaty. Facebook loves that type of stuff. Uh so that's another thing that I find very unique to Facebook and just very nice to I don't know. It feels just more genuine and more authentic. >> How do you know this? Is it because the algorithm wants more authenticity or is it because that just seems to be the trend with the people on Facebook? >> Both. So, first of all, the way that Facebook was invented, right, when it first started is that people would go into Facebook to check you out, to check what to see what other people were doing. It's a social platform. People would not go to this platform to find a new a new coach, to get a personal trainer, to buy a beauty product. Like, that's not how it started. It started because I want to see what, you know, what what Jessica's doing. I want to see what Susie is doing. You know, I want to see what the people who I went with high school, what are they up to? What do they have kids? Where are they living? So, people would go jump on the platform to just see what other people were doing. So, it just naturally became the platform to go check people out. So then it's not the platform to be polished and and like you know create that influencer type vibe. Instagram when it came it was really for photographers really liked Instagram cuz it was all about they didn't have video. It was all about the photography. So then it that was something that was like oh they can see like in Pinterest and Etsy like all of these other stuff that had a different vibe to it. But Facebook what made it unique was that it was about the people. So then as Facebook has evolved, that didn't really change. People still go to Facebook to check somebody out, to see what your ex is up to, you know, and where they're at, where they're working, and and so that still does very well on the platform. And then when it comes to the algorithm, uh, Facebook likes faces, Facebook. So, it naturally is going to like the types of posts that have selfies, have people in it, have your pictures, you know, it's more people oriented. So, the algorithm will pick up on that and it actually scans every post. Uh, so if it scans a post and it doesn't have a face, it will demote that post because Facebook wants faces. So it's very important that when you're posting, you post faces preferably of you, your face, right? But if it's not your face, your kids' face, your friends face, your students faces, group pictures, just use faces on Facebook. Wow. Thank you for that. Really getting into the minutia of it. So listeners, I hope this makes you feel like you're a little bit off the hook, that you don't have to be too polished now. Facebook want you to be transparent, genuine, authentic, your real you, uh, coming forward. So then, so what do you think? So when it comes to dance and dance fitness instructors and just fitness instructors, then then if authenticity matters and not being polished, what do you think will stop the scroll? >> Yes. So you want to uh share, entertain or educate. So if you're sharing something that is part of your real life, like for example, I just shared my daughter, she's turning, she's 14 and she's getting ready to a formal and she went shopping for a dress and I didn't go with her so I didn't know what she was going to buy. So I just posted like the dress that she that she bought her and her dress. Stop the scroll. Like I got tons of likes through that one because I'm sharing something personal, right? So sharing stops the scroll. Um educating. So if you are educating into something, three tips to do this or how to do this or you know something that's going to help your target audience achieve a goal that also tends to be a scroll stopper. Depends a lot on how you word it. Copywriting does play a big role here. And then um entertaining and this is the strong suit for dance fitness. Your superpower is that you're an entertainer. You're a performer. You do this. You get paid to do this in your classes. So, do not honestly when especially when it comes to reals, all you need are six seconds. You don't need a full routine. You don't need between four and 8 seconds is kind of like the sweet spot. Um, but you don't you don't need complicating edited. You just need to show a step. If I'm doing, you know, a whole salsa routine, I don't need to show the whole just salsa side. That's it. they're doing belly dance, just, you know, a a belly dance move over and over for four seconds. Like, that's enough to get people to just look at it and say, "What's this?" Right? So, you don't need to do much. You're already, you know, you being a performer um is already enough. All you have to do is just put yourself out there and do it consistently. >> Yeah. So, then I guess potential customers really like a mix of business and personal. >> Now, they do. So, that shifted. Uh, so it used to be that first of all it was 100% personal and then it shifted into 8020. Like you needed to post 80% personal, 20% business. Now it's more of a 50/50 because especially with Instagram coming up, Instagram is very um like you know if you're looking for something I have my sister, she buys everything from Instagram and she'll have a cute top and I'm like where do you get that? I'm like I don't know Instagram. Like she doesn't even go to stores anymore. Um, so there's now this culture that you can go to Instagram to buy to to buy stuff and that has spilled over into Facebook. So now Facebook is a little more lenient and the Facebook audience is a little less turned off by, you know, having business post. However, you do have to understand how to post in a way. The way that you post on Instagram to get a registration or get a student to come to class is going to be different than a way that you post on Facebook uh to get a registration or get a student because on Instagram, people already kind of know that, you know, they're going into with that. On Facebook, people still kind of want to check people out. So you have to balance who you help, how you help and your personal uh life all in one so that people are able to do two things. They need to see who you are as a person, as a mom, as a woman, as a wife, like the behind the scenes of that. And they need to see what uh what you do. Oh, fitness instructor. Oh, she teaches belly dance. Oh, she does Zumba. Oh, she's into she does yoga fitness. Right? They need to have both that balance. If you lean too much to one side, you only do personal stuff, they have no way of knowing that you teach class. So then they're not going to register. If you only do business post or fitness post, they have no way of getting to know you. >> So then the trust there, the trust factor isn't there. In order for somebody to register with you, they need to know, like, and trust you. So they know about you. They landed on something, you know, your your content, but they can't decide if they like you because they don't know anything about you. They don't know if you like coffee, if you're a caperson, if you're in Texas or in Australia. They don't know anything about you. So then the likelihood of them joining your class is very, very low. >> So So you've been doing this, you've been doing this combination of a little personal, some business. That's what brought you most of your clients doing it that way? >> Yes and no. So when it comes to growing your audience, it's not just about posting. So posting is basically step one. Uh if you think of teaching a class and you're like, "Wow, your warmup is so great. So people come to your class because of your warm-up." And you're like, "Well, no. I mean, the warm-up is important. It's the first part. You can't have the rest of the class and do all the fun cool things without the warm-up, but the warm-up is not the class." So the posting is very important. You need to be posting. You need to be posting, you know, balanced. You need to be posting consistently. You need to be posting according to your personal brand. Like all of these things. Uh but also and posting will help you grow your audience to a point. But the thing that will help you grow your audience is you. You have to be proactive. You can't just say, "Okay, I posted. I'm going to have Facebook send me people." Like, no. Like that's never you're never going to grow your audience like that. You know, I want to grow my classes, but I don't want to tell anybody about it. I'm just going to post. That's now I'm telling people like no, you have to proactively go and grow your audience person by person. You have to go and talk to your audience one by one. Otherwise, you're just doing half the job, >> right? You can't just post and then not engage. >> Yeah. You can't post and go. If you just do post and go it that post is going to be uh delivered to your current audience and your current audience is going to be your Facebook friends list on Facebook or your followers on Instagram. So if you have 100 people on your friends list and you post that post goes to your 100 people right and it doesn't go to the whole 100 people. Facebook will choose only a category like a percentage of those people. Uh same thing on Instagram and Facebook. So it might show it to a little a few more people but mostly your content goes to your current audience except for reals. Real re reals are specifically designed to uh get uh pushed to new audience. So if you're just posting a class picture or your schedule, right, and then you post and you go, well that's only it's think of it as a retention tool. It's for the people who are already in your network, are already in your class or seeing it. It's a reminder that you're there, but it's not really attracting new people and it's not really converting people who are on the fence to do anything. So, if you want to grow your audience, you need to be the one proactive to proactively go and look for people, tap them on the shoulder, and tell them to come over here. the same way that if you're in a class and you want to like I teach at a gym so um back when I was trying to grow my classes at the gym uh you I would have to like literally go outside of my class and just tap people on the shoulder and say hey have you tried Zumba I literally just did this yesterday I taught my class went to sauna there were like three ladies that were talking about their toddlers and their kids and we're talking just about like mommy stuff and they're like yeah so I'm like hey girls have you ever tried Zumba and they're Like, no. I'm like, cuz like I we have the same schedule. Like, you guys are working out and then we all meet at the sauna. Like, you can just come and like check the class. If you don't like it, no. Like, no hard feelings. Like, you won't hurt my feelings, but have you ever tried it? And they're like, "Oh, no, we haven't." I had to literally tell them about the class, right? I'm not just waiting for people to like find me. So, the same happens online. So, if you post and go, it's going to help the people that are currently in your audience. But if you want to grow your audience and you want to grow your classes, you need to be the one to go outside of yourself, outside of your classes, outside of your network and bring new people in. >> Great. But I have a personal question for you. Like what types of posts do you think brought you the most people in class? >> I call them belief shifting post. I now call them boss post uh for short. Uh but these are the types of post where you establish you need to understand where your person is at. So we need to understand who you help and how you help them and then what's the one thing that's going to help them achieve that thing and that one thing should be your it should be uh should be something that you solve with your class. So, let's say that you help women in their 40s and uh and what they want to do is they want to start including strength training in their programs because they're reaching menopause and their doctor is telling them to get strong and you know cardio isn't enough blah blah blah blah blah. So then the type of post that needs to happen is that you need to talk about your target audience where they're at in a in a storytelling type way. So, it's like, well, I'm in my 40s and for years all I've been doing is been, you know, taking classes in yoga and belly dance and Zumba and those were great. I was able to keep my weight down, but now that I reach 40, there's this wall and there's about all the things that used to work doesn't work anymore. I'm kind of stuck. So, you need to talk about the stuck per where they are stuck in their journey to achieve a goal. And uh and then that's where you interject and you're like that's when I learned that the one thing I needed to do was include strength training, right? Or was it include um muscle building? Because all these other classes didn't necessarily include muscle building. It was very jumpy, very cardio. So once I included muscle building in my workout routine, that's when I started to see some change. That's when I started to see my body change. LA. So if you want to tone right your arms, get build those muscles. and doing it through in a really fun non- boring way like my belly jams for strength training is going to be uh like go come try this class but you need to be very aware of who your people are what do they want >> and then how your class fixes that problem so you need to fix problems not promote classes you need to fix a problem >> in your course which by the way I know you're going to talk about a little later do you go over that how to find out what their problem is >> oh my gosh yes Yes. Yes. Yes. We do market research like No, there's a whole process to that. >> Yeah. Cuz I don't think people know where to start like what questions to ask. So awesome. That's amazing. You know, Jessica, what I am so impressed by is your huge community and you using Facebook groups to really grow your community. Oh my god. It you've got so many members. It's amazing. But how do you turn those members into clients? the same that you turn uh strangers into students on your profile. Uh so having a community is just basically having a different like a different a different place to to gather your people. So if you have not everybody needs a Facebook group everyone's like oh I have a Facebook groups take time to nurture. So if you don't have time to post on your profile you will not have time to create a Facebook community. Uh so I would say if you need to grow your classes, you only need to post on your profile. That's it. Now if you want to create a community, that's going to require aud um additional time. But the strategy is the same. Uh the only we're shifting these beliefs. What we're doing in your group in a group is that in your profile you're kind of gathering the general target audience and in your group you're gathering more specific target audience. So for example, for me, my target audience is griff fitness instructors, right? Those are the people that I love helping. So on my profile, all of my friends, my followers, and everybody who's there are group fitness instructors. But not every group fitness instructor wants to grow their class. Not every group fitness instructor wants to make money. Some of them are doing it just for fun, you know, whatever. If they make money, great. If one person shows up, they help one person. Like, it's not something that it's their concern. The ones who want to grow their classes, I invite them to the group. the ones that want to make more money, I invite them to the group. So now the group is more specialized. It's fitness instructors who want to grow their classes or want to make money. So same thing happens for fitness instructors is you're helping you know women in their 40s and then your profile should be women in their 40s. Now you don't know if they want to lose weight or get strong or get fit or stay active or whatever the problem is that you saw and you create a group that's specifically for women in their 40s who want to stay active without going to the gym. for example. Well, that's very specific group of people, okay? Or women in their 40s who want to uh I don't know work on up uh upper body gets toned arms. That's a very specific group of people. So then your group becomes you nerding out on all things about that. So in my Facebook group, it's group of business, it used to be just to grow classes. Now it's to uh make money. But back when it was about growing classes, I would talk about all of these things that you're interviewing me about all day, every day, every single week, you know, uh 52 weeks in in a year, we would nerd out on this topic and it's all people who care about that. So all that I'm doing in that group and every if you have a group, this is your job. Your job is to help them fix a problem. Gather the people that have that problem and then solve those problems for them. If you're not solving problems, if you're just announcing your class, it doesn't work inside your group to convert them into students. And it doesn't work in your profile to convert them into your students. And it doesn't work on your Instagram to convert them into your students because you're not helping. You're just announcing. >> So, wherever it is that you're posting, profile, Instagram, Facebook group, be useful. Solve a problem. Solve a tin every week. solve a tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny micro baby problem that relates to that and you will build your profile. You will build your audience that converts into students. You will build your community uh that's more specified on that and it will convert into clients or into students. Great, great tips. I'd like to go into giving our listeners a little taste of how you coach. Right. So, you've gotten people into your Facebook group. They're your warm audience, right? I'm glad that they want to make money in this. But now, how do you coach people who have a fear of showing up online? >> So, it depends on where I'm coaching them. So, if I'm coaching them on my Facebook group, then I would probably one of the trainings I I go live every single week talking about these these subjects, right? So if I know that that is a subject that many of the members have or this this is something that I've heard now in the messages people you know saying a call like well I want to promote my classes but I what do you say was their fear of showing up they don't want to post if I see it's something that's trending because I'm getting that information in the conversations that it's definitely going to make it into one of my like in your case a podcast right I'm going to talk about this in a very public well the Facebook group is semi-public uh but in a very public way and I'll talk about, you know, why that happens. Uh what happens the consequences of not showing up and maybe some alternatives as to what, you know, what can you do if you don't want to promote your classes by using social media. However, if this is a onetoone, if this is a client, somebody that's part of one of my programs or we're we're, you know, uh we're meeting each other every single week, we're texting each other every single like we're working together, then it would be I would look at that situation specifically and sit the person down and we would like kind of walk over, well, what is it specifically for you that you're afraid of? You know, what what's the worst that can happen? Has something happened before? How did that make you feel? Why did you feel that way? Did you try something else? Well, what if we do this tiny little baby steps and now I can dive into that person individually versus the big concept. That's what I would post on my Facebook group. >> I love that how you meet people where they are. That's great. That eliminates any fear. So, uh, if someone were to start now promoting on Facebook using that as a tool now, what are the first few things you think that they should focus on? So there is one, two, three, four, five Facebook basic rules. Write these down. So number one, choose one platform. Okay? If you're trying to post on Facebook and on Instagram and on Tik Tok and send emails, you're going to run too thin. None of it is going to work. So it the idea is that well, if I post every bear, everybody sees me. Not if you're not doing it consistently and not if you're doing it badly. So choose one platform and then get good at that one. Okay? So, choose one. I suggest Facebook just cuz it's easy. It's the biggest one. It's where our target audience is. So, ch number one, choose one platform. Number two, post on your profile. Okay? There's a lot of debate. Well, I have a business page. I want to keep my business page and and my business and my and my personal subredd. So, especially if you're a fitness instructor that teaches multiple classes and you don't have time to promote, then don't spend the time posting in a place that nobody sees. Okay? Posting on your uh on your business page is actually demoting your post. So, Facebook does not push that post to people because Facebook wants you to pay for ads to push that post. It doesn't work that way on your profile because Facebook shows those ads to people who are in their profile. So when you post on your profile, Facebook is going to push that post to as many people as possible because Facebook wants you to have that serotonin and good feeling like, "Oh my god, people like my post so that you stay on the platform more time so that you can look at ads that they are sending you." So posting on your profile is going to have way more reach by far. There's a little uh test that I love having instructors do, and that is do the post in both places. Like let's say you post your schedule. Do a selfie. Here's my schedule. Post it on your business page and then wait two hours. This is important, okay? Just trust me on this one. But wait two hours. Make the exact same post on your profile. Do not share the post. Just same selfie, copy paste the the the schedule, the thing, and paste it on your profile and see which one has more reach, whether looking at views or insights, or which one has more engagement. And I can guarantee you the one on your profile will get more reach. So if you want your post to get seen, post on your profile. Number three, post two times per week bare minimum. Okay? On your profile, two posts per week. If you're not posting twice per week, you're basically not using the platform. So then nothing we say matters. It doesn't matter what you post. Doesn't matter the real, it doesn't matter the time. It doesn't matter like it doesn't matter. So post twice per week at bare minimum. Use the 50/50 rule, which means 50% of your pro of your post are personal post and 50% are fitness post. So, if you're posting twice per week, that means one post is you sharing about your family or what you did that weekend and another post is about fitness. That can be your schedule, a class picture, what you love about this, you know, the whole shifting, you know, boss post thing. Like, it can be whatever you want, but make it fitness related. And finally, post selfies. Facebook likes faces, right? This is your face book. This is not fitness book. This is not belly dance book. This is not Zumba book. This is not my kids book. This is Facebook. And you are trying not only to promote your classes, but to promote yourself. They need to know what you look like. If you want them to come to your class, as a bare minimum, they need to know what you look like. So, post selfies. Excellent tips. I love that. You're so good at what you do. And we've got our last bonus question here, Jessica. So, what's something you believe about growing a business on Facebook that most people would disagree with >> to grow your business? You don't need thousands of followers. >> Okay? >> You need the right followers. I've grown my business to over six figures and I have less than 500 followers. Less than 500 on Facebook and less than 500 on Instagram. Um, so it's not the quantity of followers, it's the quality. However, when you're starting out, quality uh quantity does matter. >> So, you don't need to have thousands of followers. You don't need to have millions of follow. Like, that's not important. >> But you do need to have the right ones. So, at the beginning, if you only have 100 followers, are you going to make $10,000 with those 100? Probably not. You probably do need a little bit more, right? But you don't need 10,000. You don't need 25,000. So, I've met so many fitness instructors who have fantastic social media presence. They are in the tens of thousands. There are these influencers. A lot of them are pros and they travel. So, they gather a lot of followers here and there. And their bank accounts are zero. Okay? Their bank accounts are not as full as our social media. Why? Because they don't know how to convert th that audience into paying customers, right? or they don't know how to convert those followers into students in a class. So there's two different skills that allows for that conversion. So the first skill which is the most popular skill would be the marketing skill. That's the the action of getting yourself out there of building an audience letting people know about you. That doesn't make a sale. That doesn't make a student. Okay. Again, we're in step one. Step one, people need to know that you exist. Okay, that's important and that matters. But to actually convert p people to a student or to convert people to a client if you have a higher ticket item, that is a sales skill and sales always happens behind the scenes. This is why people don't know that they're missing this skill. This is the secret skill that people don't know that they don't have. And this is why they're missing that. Because if you're good at marketing, you have tons of followers. >> So those instructors who have, you know, 25,000 followers, great. You're great at marketing, but you're not great at sales, which is why you're not converting them into students or you're not converting them into clients. They're missing that skill. However, I focus on the other skill. I teach you how to convert first so that even if you ha even if you suck at marketing, even if you're not marketing, even if you're not posting, even you're not doing any of that or you're really bad at it, you're still converting student uh uh strangers. You're still converting people into your classes. You're still making sales because you have that skill of converting. And that happens in messages that happens one on-one, which is why you don't know it because you can't see it. Marketing, you see everybody else's post, you're like, well, I'm going to try, you know, what she did. let me do this real, let me do this post. And you can model what somebody else is doing. Maybe you don't understand why it worked the way it didn't, but you can still model it. But with conversions, the one-on-one conversations, there's no data. You there there's no way for you to know it. So, you don't do it because you don't know that you're missing it. And then when you do it, you do it wrong because you don't know that you're doing it wrong because there's just no data. There's no way that you can model or learn this. It's very behind the scenes. And it's supposed to be like that. >> So smart. Learn how to convert, learn how to sell first before the whole marketing. So amazing. That's brilliant, Jessica. And you teach that in your course? I do. So this is my MO. So it's always and especially when it comes to I have two courses. So I have a grow classes courses and a make money courses. But in the make money uh program, uh what I teach is to make money first and then to do the marketing. in the broer classes. I teach you how to do the marketing first and then how to translate. So because there's these are two different skills. Yeah. So if you want to make money then you don't need to be posting. You need to be talking to people. You need to be having conversations. That's the skill that you need to master. That's the skill that's going to get them in in the door. If you need to have a more visibility, then you need marketing. People don't know that you're there that you exist. How will they ever find your class? Like you need visibility. So, it's just two different skills and we all need both. It's just which one do you want to work on first? >> Okay, Jessica, I'm really excited. What do you have to offer our listeners? >> I am reopening my marketing clo my marketing course. I It has been closed for a while because I've been focusing on helping instructors make money. Um, but there is a demand. I have been asked about this course now a couple of times. When I'm going to bring it back, if I'm going to bring it back. Uh, so I'm going to bring it back just for you guys. So it's called Rock Your Facebook. And what we're going to do is really four things. So one is we're going to give your profile a complete makeover. We're going to clean up your Facebook so that it's clear. It's clear for people to know who you help and how you help them. So that as you're getting getting new followers and new friends, they don't just scroll you by. They stick. They stick around to learn more about you. You also get the content converter. So, this is what to post to turn those followers into students. I go very nittygritty into all of the sections, what to say, how to say it, what not to say, dos, don'ts. We do personal feedback. I look at your stuff. I tell you what's working, what's not, all the things. Uh, we also have, it also includes a followers challenge. So, this is a way for you to grow your audience by adding 250 new people who are actually interested in what interested in what you do. So these are not random, oh my gosh, cats, you know. No, these are people who are your target audience who are interested in the thing that you do so that as you're posting and as you're using your content converter to convert, right, they are raising their hands and they are open to conversations and uh and you're able to grow your classes that way. As well as this is the sales portion, you get a bonus the messaging scripts. Messages is where the magic happens. So if your marketing is doing a good job of getting yourself out there and creating engagement so that you have people to talk to, that's marketing. That's where your marketing ends, right? That won't produce a student. What will produce a student is going to be you um reaching out one-on-one to the people that engage on your content. What do you say to those people? This is where you get all the DMs, the conversation scripts. It's a plugandplay. I teach you exactly, you know, if this is somebody new, how do you treat that conversation? If it's somebody that was a previous student, how do you treat that conversation? If it's somebody that's kind of been hanging around your social media, but have they told you they were going to come to class, but they never actually showed up to class. Like, I'll walk you through the whole conversation so that you get those people moving closer to your class. Um, so they become signups. >> Guys, you got to take this course. Where can they find out? I'm also going to put in the show notes as well. >> Yeah. So, if you're interested in that course or you just have more questions, you can find me on Facebook as Jessica Hogan the stage or on Instagram as Jessica Fitness Boss and just send me a message that says, "Help me grow my classes." That's then I know you heard this, you're interested in growing your classes. I'll ask you a couple of questions just to kind of see where it is that you're at and like, you know, what you've tried and, you know, I I need to know a little bit more about you just to see if I can help you. Uh, but send me a message on help me grow my classes and we'll get the conversation going and that's pretty much it. Just send me a message. >> Amazing. Jessica, Jessica, thank you so much for helping our listeners. We I really appreciate you. Um, dang, you're damn good. You know your And I would love for you to take us out with our signature outro. Okay, instructors, until next episode, go and kick ass. Yes. Love that. Thank you, Jessica. That was fun.

- Swimming, Fishing & Camping | Follow me around: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] That was like 10,000 views on YouTube. I got Oh yeah, buddy. Today I'm going camping again. I bought a paddle board, so I'm so excited to try it on the water. Let's see how it goes. Look at my new paddle board. Yeah, let's take it out. [Applause] This paddle board is one of the best things I've ever bought. Oh, it feels so good with your feet in the water. You can dish off of it. You can tan off of it. You can have maybe like three people on it at the same time. You can go deep in the water. It's wonderful. Filming on the new GoPro thanks to Patreon. Relaxing out here. You guys need to get out and start camping. Feels so good. It's so relaxing. I bet the sunset would be amazing from here. This is a much needed break. I'm almost done fixing up the house, but it's so much work. Between that and working as a nurse, it wears me out. So, I needed some time to relax with my family. And this board is just a super plus. We already caught a fish and we just got here straight. Did you just have your pants in your pants? I literally just had my hands in my pants. We're going to wash. Okay. I was just going to say you had your hands in your pants. Act like you're wearing my shirt. Take that. We're descaling the fish. First night we got here. Caught a fish. Bam. Good morning. Woke up 8:30 in the morning. It's kind of smoky out here from the fires that are going on nearby, but the lake is so peaceful and beautiful. We caught something over here over the night. We had some lions in the water. Let's go look at it. My cute little nephew. Did we catch a fish? No, we didn't catch a big fish. Nope. It's just a small one, but we can eat it. It's pretty big. Yes, it's a big catfish. Yes, I can go in water. Look at that big catfish. Oh, he's getting angry. That's going to be dinner tonight. Yes. Fish. Here's my campsite. You going fishing? Let's see. Put it in the water. Let's see you cutie pie. He's got his little fishing pole. Huh, Bubba. So, for breakfast, we're having eggs with sausage and green chili and cheese and ham. M. With some tortillas for burritos. It's going to be delicious. M. It's going to be so good. It's getting warm. It's not windy. It's the perfect day. Look at that. Delicious breakfast. Bye. So nice out here. Look what we caught last night. A big catfish. Look at that sucker. He is humongous. Got his little cat fins, cat whiskers on there. He's big. Yeah. Heat. Here we go. Look at me. That was freaking awesome. I love this paddle board. It puts you one with the water. Did you like it? I did. She stood up. I did it. Kind of makes you nervous when you stand up, but not too bad. We're going to get her to stand up, though. Pretty cool. She was like a swan. Graceful one. Emma's like Chihuahua. That was a lot of fun. I highly recommend these. You want to see something delicious? M juicy ribeye steak with corn on the cob and potato salad. Oh yeah, look at that. They're cooking now. umbrella. How does it work? Got professional fishing right there, buddy. I don't know. All right, we're going to try again. Going to catch a big one. Look at all these nails it picks up. This is a magnet. And it's a good idea to roll your camp before you set up because there's tons of nails and hooks. Let me show you the bag that we collected of nails and hooks. Look at that. It's a huge bag full of them. It's so dangerous for kids and tires and bare feet. Wow. There. Thank you. You going to help? All right. Let's get him over here. I see one of it. Whiskers. Rip it. Okay. Okay. Now, okay. I feel so bad. Don't pet it at this point. Look at that beautiful little catfish. Sorry, it's a chick. There's babies in here. This is my first time doing this, guys. Yeah, there's our cabbage. All right, now to taste it. M. That is so good. Little salt and pepper and butter, guys. That is delicious. M. Really is. It's like the best meat. Got it. Do this. Do this. Oh, no. No. The other one. D. I just made like 2,000 expressions on the way down. got that. freaking This is fun. This is really fun. This is fun. I hear people like that. That's what you're trying to do. I love my Hey, hey, hey. All right, we're headed out. I fell in earlier this morning. That was fun. completely surprising. Swallowed a lot of water, but it gave me a nice bath and it was exciting. And I barely did a little move and this thing toppled over. So, you got to be super careful on these. I tell you, I love my paddle board. I think everybody should get one. So nice. Today's the last day I'm camping. We're heading back and I am so sad because this was so much fun. I wanted to thank all my Patreons so much for all the support. I really appreciate it. See how my hair is? It's really curly like this when it's wet. I hope you enjoyed following me around. You walk up to me. Start dancing to the music like this was meant to be. Take my hand. I feel my heartbeat and I don't want this moment to stop. Don't want this night to end.

- Respondendo aos Haters do canal: {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatViewerEngagementMessageRenderer": {"id": "CiMKIVJFUExBWV9WRU0yMDI2LzA0LzI3LTAwOjI2OjU5LjM4Nw%3D%3D", "timestampUsec": "1777274819387589", "icon": {"iconType": "YOUTUBE_ROUND"}, "message": {"runs": [{"text": "Live chat replay is on. Messages that appeared during the Premiere will show up here."}]}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Opa"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@davidsmellousa"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFpYzNWbFppMTZXVUZFUmxaRlNGcFJiMlF4ZFZWRGVsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbExUVVkxWkU1c1NubEJOMHhNU1cxRVFVWlFPVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNYnN1ZWYtellBREZWRUhaUW9kMXVVQ3pR", "timestampUsec": "1691529599949928", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYKMF5dNlJyA7LLImDAFP9Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CMbsuef-zYADFVEHZQod1uUCzQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "169973"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Tu é um Bolsonarista."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@fabiklebermaia1996"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kq8f418Iqnrnltvo_gBmYnw9GlvwFM-LjUKCIzuwYv078X-IOjOcTConmRAM_bp5Ovmpkou8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kq8f418Iqnrnltvo_gBmYnw9GlvwFM-LjUKCIzuwYv078X-IOjOcTConmRAM_bp5Ovmpkou8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBZYW5wbVUwSjZiMEZFUm1aaVFuZG5VV1JLWkZsTWNtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SXhUMDEwYVVreGFFZEdRV3RoUVVoSVZWTjRSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKWGp6ZlNCem9BREZmYkJ3Z1FkSmRZTHJn", "timestampUsec": "1691530432848542", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC21OMtiI1hGFAkaAHHUSxDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:42"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CJXjzfSBzoADFfbBwgQdJdYLrg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1002881"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Felipe durante reagiu a voce"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cristianooliveira382"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lya18b8LjTH9bAjl3d4B4C4ZhkyILrID_5fdyK5fM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lya18b8LjTH9bAjl3d4B4C4ZhkyILrID_5fdyK5fM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFZUjJoWlMwTjZiMEZFUmxFM1VIZG5VV1JNWmpCRVptY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRTFWbTFFYUVSdU4wVllWMkpNWmxoek5VVkJZM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNWEdoWUtDem9BREZRN1B3Z1FkTGYwRGZn", "timestampUsec": "1691530461024235", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCa5VmDhDn7EXWbLfXs5EAcw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:11"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CMXGhYKCzoADFQ7PwgQdLf0Dfg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1031074"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Tu não ter vergonha, de falar mal do governo Lula, olha como o Brasil melhorou em apenas 8 meses de Governo."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@fabiklebermaia1996"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kq8f418Iqnrnltvo_gBmYnw9GlvwFM-LjUKCIzuwYv078X-IOjOcTConmRAM_bp5Ovmpkou8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kq8f418Iqnrnltvo_gBmYnw9GlvwFM-LjUKCIzuwYv078X-IOjOcTConmRAM_bp5Ovmpkou8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlEY0hFNFMwTjZiMEZFUm1KalgzSlJXV1IxWTFWQ1ZGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SXhUMDEwYVVreGFFZEdRV3RoUVVoSVZWTjRSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPQ3BxOEtDem9BREZiY19yUVlkdWNVQlRR", "timestampUsec": "1691530595864373", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC21OMtiI1hGFAkaAHHUSxDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "COCpq8KCzoADFbc_rQYducUBTQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1165888"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Nem é questão de ser Bolsonarista. Mas sim não ser comunista/petista."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@HugoFelipe-f2u"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJMWlc1a1EwTjZiMEZFUm1FM1FYZG5VV1I1T0VWTmFtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVlFRakZqWTB0cVRYRXRkVXQ0WTBJMU9XbDNaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQS2VuZENDem9BREZhN0F3Z1FkeThFTWpn", "timestampUsec": "1691530624993354", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCuPB1ccKjMq-uKxcB59iwfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CPKendCCzoADFa7AwgQdy8EMjg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1195027"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "LULES"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@davidsmellousa"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVETW1oMVpVTjZiMEZFUm1WRWFqUjNZMlJVV1ZGRFFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbExUVVkxWkU1c1NubEJOMHhNU1cxRVFVWlFPVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOQzJodWVDem9BREZlRGo0d2NkVFlRQ0FR", "timestampUsec": "1691530672849966", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYKMF5dNlJyA7LLImDAFP9Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "20:42"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CNC2hueCzoADFeDj4wcdTYQCAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1242855"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Concordo, Daniel. Já conversei com um Uber que trabalhou numa empresa na China, como estrangeiro. Ele disse que via pessoas sendo sequestradas nas ruas. O governo alegava que era para dar trabalho..."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@HugoFelipe-f2u"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF5WHpOMlYwTjZiMEZFUmxKZlFYZG5VV1EwVVRSTVZWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVlFRakZqWTB0cVRYRXRkVXQ0WTBJMU9XbDNaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcl8zdldDem9BREZSX0F3Z1FkNFE0TFVR", "timestampUsec": "1691530703665862", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCuPB1ccKjMq-uKxcB59iwfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "21:13"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CMr_3vWCzoADFR_AwgQd4Q4LUQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1273708"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Felipe durante"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cristianooliveira382"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lya18b8LjTH9bAjl3d4B4C4ZhkyILrID_5fdyK5fM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lya18b8LjTH9bAjl3d4B4C4ZhkyILrID_5fdyK5fM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDQzVEhCZllVTjZiMEZFUm1Zd1ZISlJXV1J4V2tWTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRTFWbTFFYUVSdU4wVllWMkpNWmxoek5VVkJZM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNON0xwX2FDem9BREZmMFRyUVlkcVpFTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1691530704853296", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCa5VmDhDn7EXWbLfXs5EAcw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "21:14"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CN7Lp_aCzoADFf0TrQYdqZELhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1274898"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Desde quando opinar ou ter ideias diferente e mostrar outras culturas e ter partido ou lado? saiam da bolha verdade nao tem passaporte nem e de direita e esquerda. bele trabalho Daniel otimos videos."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@antoniohonorato8701"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kqwX0bk1eBJHVEBLYC_uYX_T771OUUyg8_UtW5U9Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kqwX0bk1eBJHVEBLYC_uYX_T771OUUyg8_UtW5U9Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRsWlhKdlUwUjZiMEZFUm1OSVFuZG5VV1JvZHpCUE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6QmFNVkl5TFRoNE1VRk1OMjVQVVVSbE9URkZjbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZWVyb1NEem9BREZjSEJ3Z1FkaHcwTzhR", "timestampUsec": "1691530734322772", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC0Z1R2-8x1AL7nOQDe91Erw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "21:44"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CKeeroSDzoADFcHBwgQdhw0O8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1304343"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "O Brasil melhorou com LUlar, uahuahuahuahuah"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@davidsmellousa"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kHPro4mtAoQVDZxkESA2lwHY1zQkAtu0PU3koWyCWDTPFZru_4lbs4hHpS7nMfIuZQsu_Xco3g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGsyWkRWWlYwUjZiMEZFUmxaRlNGcFJiMlF4ZFZWRGVsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbExUVVkxWkU1c1NubEJOMHhNU1cxRVFVWlFPVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJNmQ1WVdEem9BREZWRUhaUW9kMXVVQ3pR", "timestampUsec": "1691530737320999", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYKMF5dNlJyA7LLImDAFP9Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "21:47"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CI6d5YWDzoADFVEHZQod1uUCzQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1307344"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Mas ele afirmou, porque perguntou para chineses que trabalhavam com ele, que o governo estava levando aquelas pessoas para o trabalho escravo."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@HugoFelipe-f2u"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHg2V2pSdllVUjZiMEZFUm1Zd1ZISlJXV1J4V2tWTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVlFRakZqWTB0cVRYRXRkVXQ0WTBJMU9XbDNaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMelo0b2FEem9BREZmMFRyUVlkcVpFTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1691530739376693", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCuPB1ccKjMq-uKxcB59iwfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "21:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CLzZ4oaDzoADFf0TrQYdqZELhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1309424"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "A China é tão boa e forte, que a reserva monetária deles é em dólar."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@HugoFelipe-f2u"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDi0k5sA9N8V8vVc4bDq8CxvmKSWsNq7RPQmNsvTJ0WigjL7H14K80FAFwLRegWQRu5A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRtY1dsYVpVUjZiMEZFUmxsUlUzSlJXV1F5WWxWRVNIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVlFRakZqWTB0cVRYRXRkVXQ0WTBJMU9XbDNaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZnFpWmVEem9BREZZUVNyUVlkMmJVREh3", "timestampUsec": "1691530773569059", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCuPB1ccKjMq-uKxcB59iwfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "22:23"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CKfqiZeDzoADFYQSrQYd2bUDHw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1343621"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Gosto bastante do conteudo do senhor sobre direito imigratório e conteudos relacionados ao US, por mais que não concorde politicamente com vc daniel, parabéns pelo conteudo!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ViniViana22"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzRE64oXlt43zCmm_NTxYs3J0bLy8CbfD2X083C7WJIDNZ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzRE64oXlt43zCmm_NTxYs3J0bLy8CbfD2X083C7WJIDNZ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFOygEEgW3lKw==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx5ZW1kd2FVUjZiMEZFUm1SdVEzZG5VV1JpZFhkR2RFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlF6UnliMVJOUVdVMk0xOXRaV3B6TUZkT1FUVkVUMUVTQzIwMVgwaDZWa2RMZUdkM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRjZaekJuY2s5S05YUnljRFJLYUVKd1ZWTmFUbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJcnpncGlEem9BREZkbkN3Z1FkYnV3RnRB", "timestampUsec": "1691530775554044", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQzg0grOJ5trp4JhBpUSZNg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "22:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI-6SZ0sCNlAMV9xu3AB0yiDFO"}}, "clientId": "CIrzgpiDzoADFdnCwgQdbuwFtA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1345563"}}

- OnlyFans Model interview-Wisconsin Tiff: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, I don't want to have anybody try to dox me or I've had some issues in the past and if they were to find out where I live, it could have made things like worse. I don't need people showing up at my door. >> Does uh does doing Only Fans affect your mental state in any way? Do do you feel >> No. Uh in the beginning it kind it was I mean I didn't do any nudes or anything. Uh, in the beginning I just did bikini photos and so on, but then as I grown I got comfortable with it. Um, but it did it did at first because it was I wasn't sure if this is something I wanted to do for a long time. Um, but uh now I'm at a place where I'm actually very comfortable with it and I don't it's just a job to me. When you say you got comfortable with it, the nudity, the nudity, does that mean you gave into the requests and the pressure maybe to do? >> No, it was more so just um working on myself. I have a very traumatic past and um I've done a lot of therapy since 2021. I don't need it anymore because I've gotten to a point where I can spot like narcissism and gaslighting and all of that where um I just uh I don't really see it as that's not me. That's just the character on the internet. >> Mhm. How old are you now? >> 37. >> 37. Okay. And you uh you've been doing doing Only Fans for how long? >> 5 years now almost. >> Five years. >> Yes. And you make good money at it? Very good. Very comfortable lifestyle. >> Yes. There are certain women on Only Fans that are just making a killing. >> There's probably men too, I assume. >> The uh how how much do you actually work at doing at creating content and posting and and replying to me to to your subscribers or viewers, whatever? >> Every day. >> Mhm. >> So, it's like a full-time job. >> Yeah. That's what I've heard from girls that are successful at it. >> Yeah. >> That the women that are really making solid money are the ones who are working >> treating it like a full-time job. >> And you're probably able to support yourself in a way that doesn't it it doesn't compare to anything else you you'd be doing. >> With your education or with your background. I could I I'm investing but I'm not going to be saying it what but something that provides longevity. So I mean because you know you never know with any kind of entrepreneurship if you don't have some kind of um backup in case you get hurt. I mean people think that they're invincible until an illness happens out of nowhere. And if you don't have those resources set up, then you could be screwed. And that could be for anybody, no matter what kind of job they have, regardless of what type of entrepreneurship they they do. >> Absolutely. >> So, you told me your specialty is you kind of cater to an older >> gentlemen. >> Or the regular guys. Just regular guys. Everyday Joe's. It works for me and it sells. How did how did you find that that was your your lane? >> I made a TikTok one day in 2021 about being into older men and it blew up and they started following me, sending me gifts, money, and they were so nice. I was like, "Wow, this is this is crazy." So, I just kept doing it and I was actually in a very lonely place in my life where I enjoyed talking to them, but I they were the nicer ones to me, so I I just let it continue. >> And how do you how did your family feel about it? >> I actually don't talk to my family. The only family that I talk to is my sister, and she's very supportive of what I do. Um, I don't have a mom. uh she passed away when I was right before I was five. And my father I just I kind of just stopped talking to him before I even started doing this work. >> Tell me about your your childhood. You said it was you went through some rough spots. >> Yeah. When I was uh four, my mom was murdered. Sorry, I've never talked about this anywhere. This is the first time I've ever talked about this. My mom was murdered and I found her body when I went right before I turned five. And she was in the room with us probably for a good 10 hours. And when I had found her, it was my sister, my brother, and I. And my sister was just a baby. And I tried making her come back alive by trying to find duct tape and my mom's sister came over cuz she didn't hear from her. they were supposed to do laundry and she just screamed and thankfully there was police across the street and they came over and when I look back I have flashbacks of it almost every day but um it just comes out of nowhere and I just think about how fortunate and lucky I am that I'm alive because of the situation. A lot of times the kids are taken as well. Um, and so it was my mom's uh boyfriend. He got mad at her and took her life and it was pretty bad. So she was stabbed to death. >> Oh my god. >> Yeah. And he just left her nude on the ground with with and just left. But he went to prison and he got out I think over a year ago and he had he can't have any contact with me at all. Um, I I was asked if I wanted to write a letter and I decided not to because I didn't have anything to say. Um, I don't he's supposedly he's a changed man. He was very young and you know, but at the same time I really don't see what it would benefit talking to him even though he probably wants me. He wants to reassure that he's really sorry. I just don't I feel that if I were to conversate with him, it wouldn't really matter. It just would bring up wounds that I'm not interested in talking to him about. >> How How I mean, so he did roughly probably 30 years, something like that, >> I believe. So, >> how do you feel about him being free? >> He's not in my state, and that's all I care about. He's not going to bother me. He's been out for a while and >> I honestly don't see him as a threat. So, >> I'm so sorry that happened. >> I just don't really feel the need to be in his life at all. >> Yeah. I'm so sorry that happened. >> What What kind of other work have you have you had? Have you done? >> Mostly stay at home mom and then I worked at the elementary school as a main cook for some time. >> Oh, so you you have children now? >> How many kids? >> Enough to keep me busy. Okay. Very good. So, back to your childhood. A after that happened, who who raised you? >> My father. Yeah. >> But your relationship with him is probably not ideal. >> Um, >> you don't talk to him. I don't think he was really equipped to be the father that I needed because I still love him, but because of the situation, I don't think he was able to handle it because we never had any therapy and we really could have used the therapy. But he would always yelled a lot and was just angry. And when I had done my own therapy back in 2021, she we went back to my childhood. And how the reason why I am the way I am is because um I didn't get that love from my father that he was I was supposed to feel like a safe place. And men in my life have always been, you know, not safe. They're supposed to be protective. And I supposedly didn't get that because of him yelling at me all the time. And I I didn't really do well in school. Like I couldn't understand math and English and like or more so like grammar and stuff because of my home life. I had a hard time concentrating. I was a very well- behaved student, but my learning could have been a lot better if I had that um a better environment at home. When you say the reason you are the way you are, how how would you describe how you are? >> My dad was giving me a hard time about not watching the news enough. So, naturally, I gave him a hard time right back. I told him most of what we're shown is designed to alarm us, not inform us. And that's why I asked Ground News to sponsor my channel. Ground News is an app and website that helps you form your own opinions by showing you every article published on any story worldwide. My favorite part is how it breaks down each news source's political bias, reliability, and even ownership, so you can actually see where your information is coming from. Let me show you how it works. Here's a story about the Palisades fires in Los Angeles. Ground News shows that 13 outlets covered it, most leaning slightly right. You can instantly see who owns these outlets, how reliable they are, and how differently they frame the same event. Some headlines focus on firefighter decisions, others on weather and risk. Same story told through two very different lenses. I also like their blind spot feed. It highlights stories that are covered heavily by one side but ignored by the other. It's a simple way to step outside your own echo chamber. So, if you're tired of being told what to think, check them out at ground.news/swu. You'll get 40% off their Vantage plan. And by subscribing or even gifting it to someone, you're supporting independent thinking and this channel directly. Again, that's ground.newsswu. Thank you for watching. having trust. Having too much trust in people, thinking everybody is um getting involved with the wrong people, like people who don't have any goals are just going through life. >> Yeah. And you think maybe not having a a solid father figure? >> Yeah. And um you know, my ex-husband and I, we were together since high school. And I mean, we weren't the most compatible, but he did take care of me. And but if I had a different upbringing, I probably wouldn't have went for him. I probably would have either stayed single and focused on other things or would have been able to spot the tiny things that is not normal in a relationship. >> Mhm. like talking about someone's appearance, just little things that can really make someone's confidence go down and they don't even realize it because of their own upbringing. >> And and you found that talking with a therapist has helped you a lot. >> Yes, it did. And I really think that every child that goes through a traumatic experience, especially when they lose a parent, should have some sort of therapy. >> How often were you going? >> I was going every two weeks for the first year. And then um I went less and less and I haven't gone in over a year because I and if I need her if I'm having a bad day, I haven't really had any bad days, but I remember there was this one time I had a bad day and I needed to talk to her. So instead of ranting about it on the internet, which I try not to do, I call her up and I schedule an appointment so I can talk to her about it to let it out. >> Much better. >> Than social media. >> So now you're doing Only Fans. Mhm. >> Is this >> this is something you think you'll be doing for how long? >> I don't know. Honestly, I'm doing so well. I'll just let it continue. I mean, I see grandma's doing it. >> Yeah, that's right. That's right. >> They're doing so well. And >> Michelle Harden, who I interviewed, is in her I think 70s, I think. >> I I I I was like, "Wow, that's crazy." 70. And she's killing it. >> Yeah. And having a good time at it, too. There's something for everybody. >> And you so you you're you're getting gifts from guys. >> I don't get as many now. Um but I used to when I had first started cuz I told them that I needed to leave and I didn't have any money and I was very vulnerable about that and they wanted to make sure that I was able to get out of the situation. And so they were sending me a bunch of apartment essentials. I'd never been on my own, so I had the spare bedroom just full of these apartment essentials and and and some of them sent me like a bag like a Michael Kors bag. I didn't need it, but I was like, "Wow, this is so nice." I've never received gifts like this. So I just I I just kept everything in my spare bedroom until I was ready. I was able to leave. >> How How do you see men? Do you see them as gullible and and easy to manipulate or do you see them as helpful and kind? >> Um, it depends on the man really. Um, most of the time I I see them as kind and giving and but sometimes guys can be not so nice and the only way you can get around it is just being playing dumb and then it's like cuz I deal with so many different guys. I have guys that they act like they pretend they're nice to me and then if they don't get what they want from me, you know, cuz there's only so much I can give then they get mean. So then I'll just play dumb and and then they'll get over it. >> And do you have any one-on-one interactions with these guys in person? >> Just just in collabs, just for videos. >> Just for videos. I see. >> And I'm my camera guy, so it's never I'm alone. Just for safety precautions. I've never had anything bad happen thankfully. But um yeah. >> How do you see like like Only Fans has made pornography kind of like mainstream where everyone any anyone can do it. Do you see that as a good thing for society? >> Uh, yes and no. I don't think everybody should do it because I don't think everybody has Some guys just do it because they want access to women and then they don't follow the rules. They don't do um they don't understand boundaries. Like you can't introduce yourself to do a collab that way. That's not how you introduce. If I have a guy who is a new creator that tries to reach out to me and is really unprofessional, I will not respond. >> and you see you probably see some bad behavior sometimes. >> Yeah. Uh thankfully I've only had one um issue. It's not it's nothing major, but um I had to stop the those type of collapse that I was having. He was kind of pushing the boundaries, kind of telling me what to do. And I was new, I was vulnerable, and I was just going along with it. And after doing this for a while and seeing how real professional men are in the industry, it made me really realize like, oh yeah, there's a lot of guys in this industry that aren't very equipped to do this job. >> When you say guys, you're using guys for what? >> For like creators. Guys who are guys who were never creators and then they see uh Only Fans as a way to get with women. They use it as a platform just to have sex with women. They think that if they become a creator, they'll be able to have sex with women. >> So So on camera, you are solo or you with guys sometimes? >> I'm with guys. >> Oh, you are? I see. >> I'm known for the gang bangs. >> Oh, I see. Okay. >> Yeah, that's what I'm known for. I enjoy doing those. >> You do? Okay. All right. >> It's my It's my It's my thing. >> I I I should talk to you before I do the video sometime. I I get I get shocked as much as the audience does. Um, so you're so you're doing pretty hardcore stuff then. >> Yeah, I haven't filmed since September. I had a surgery, so I've been laying low, but I have so much content that I wouldn't have to do any for a really long time. I can just do solo stuff if I really need to and just focus on my marketing because the marketing is the biggest thing that's going to make you the money because you're generating traffic to your only fans. >> And you're doing that how? on other social media platforms, >> Instagram reels. Yeah, I'm very creative. I come up with these skits. They're just satire and just to me funny. >> And it's really just a way of promoting your Only Fans. >> Yes. And it works. I do all sorts of different types of reels. >> And the more you promote, the more subscribers you get and the more >> traffic and money you make. Interesting. >> I have a publicist, so that also helps too. >> You have a publicist, too. >> A good one. >> But but the majority of the money is kept by you or you're sharing it with somebody else who's managing you or anything like that. >> Me. Just me. >> Just you. Good for you. >> That's that's really the the real strength of Only Fans, isn't it? >> Is that the money is going solely to the creator in most cases, I think. What advice would you give to women who are thinking Only Fans might be a way of supporting themselves? I would find out the reason why they're wanting to support themselves, what their goals are, uh why if there's other options, because honestly, you can use because of the the this platform, because of me doing Only Fans and doing all this marketing, I've learned that I could be an entrepreneur in other ways, but I wouldn't solely do it just because I'm going to go in and make a lot of money because when I had started, I had no intentions of making a lot of money. I was just doing it to to leave a situation. Um because I was told that I wouldn't make it on the streets if I even tried. But that was just a manipulation tactic. I would say that if you're going to go all if you're going to do it, you need to go all in and you need to stay consistent and you need to have a plan. And if you don't have a plan and you're just relying on other people to get to where you want, it's not going to it's not longevity. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of planning and you have have to have a strategy. Uh when I had started, I didn't have a strategy really. I just was really good with live streaming. I would live stream on TikTok for 12 hours straight. I take like little breaks and that's how I would get I would they would see my personality and that's how they would subscribe. >> And the way you got into this was through some bad situation you had with something. >> Yeah. My ex-husband and I were together for 17 years and it just got to a point where um we weren't compatible. It just um we get along now, but um at the time, you know, I just I couldn't take it anymore and I was done. And the only way I I didn't even know what Only Fans was until a month before and I refused to use Tik Tok. I hated I didn't like the internet. And one day I just it it just it was the end of things and I opened Tik Tok. I didn't know what I was doing and and then it took a few weeks to figure out Tik Tok and it blew up. I didn't even market Only Fans. I was doing movie skits to try to get subscribers just being myself and that's what worked for me. M >> but yeah, I was trying to leave a situation and he did not want me to leave. He did not think I was going to. It was really hard on me. It was so hard. It was so hard cuz I didn't want to leave. It took me a good two years to accept it that we are never going to be together. But I just stuck my stood my ground cuz I knew that if I were to go back, we weren't going to we're going to start arguing again about the stupidest things. And that wasn't good for my mental health and not good for him. Even though he still doesn't see that, but he has a girlfriend now, so they get supposedly they get along. I I hope. But knowing how he is, he doesn't really he doesn't really have awareness when it comes to making little comments about things that I don't know what he says to her, but I don't try to intervene with them. So, I wasn't too happy about it at first when they were together cuz we were together for so long. I felt really hurt. and when I started making videos with guys in 2023. So 2021 is when I started and then that's when I was ready to do video once I knew like I didn't want to do anything because I thought maybe I would go back to him and I didn't want to hurt him because that's a pretty big deal. But 2023 is when I knew like we weren't going to be back together cuz he wouldn't have taken me back because he does not like what I do. But we don't try to get into it. We try to separate what I do. So, >> and since we're talking about mental health, how how does Only Fans affect your mental health? >> Right now, I'm good place. I'm in a very good place. talking about like the past brings up little things because um it's something that happened in my past and there's nothing that I can do about being with my I don't want to be with my ex. >> No, I understand that. But but like doing doing gang bangs for money is >> Oh, no. That doesn't bother me. >> That doesn't bother you? >> No. Mm-m. >> No. >> It's a It's a very unusual way to make a living. >> Yeah. It gets um I I haven't done one in a while, but maybe I'll do one this year. I don't know when. I just uh >> I've done so many where it's like there's only so many you can do for content where it's like I have a full library. >> How many guys are you doing when you do this? >> Average like 10. the most. Um, there was a hundred guys and it was for my friend Rebel Rider and I was just the fluffer. It was my first time ever being at something so big in 2023 and I was I was like, "Wow, this is a lot of guys and I switch Tiffany off and Wisconsin TIFF comes out." So, um, me, I don't really do this in my personal life. I'm just a homebody that I don't know who that is. I enjoy doing them, but um to get into that character, you know, cuz you know before I'm like chill, having my coffee, all right, I'm going to be doing >> it's a very different persona >> game bang today. So, I have to put on that character cuz the guys are excited. They've never done anything like this. Some of them have, but I have to be all enthusiastic and get everybody excited. >> is it a different persona than who you really are? >> Are there any prices you pay for having this alternate lifestyle that supports you? >> No. I at home I I feel like I'm dressed like Anna Sand Adam Sandler. I'm very like sweatpants, sweatshirt. No one recognizes me. Mhm. >> If they did, they never say anything to me cuz I have had people, they'll go on my Only Fans and they'll message me like, "I saw you eating at this restaurant." Or, >> but they're never mean. I haven't had any of those interactions. I think that would be the biggest thing. But I the chances of that happening are probably really low because it's easy for somebody to go behind a keyboard and say something, but in person, I've never had a bad um experience. But I also don't put myself in those situations. And if they did, I would just play dumb and let them say whatever and they look like a crazy person. >> But at some point, your kid at some point your kids will be old enough that their their classmates are >> They don't know who I am. They don't recognize me. >> How do you know? >> I just know. >> And the uh this when you go out in public, do you get recognized? Um, not a lot. I play I I am so low-key that it's hard for them to see who I am. They don't they don't recognize me. >> I'm not in character. >> Oh, I see. >> It's almost like the Marilyn Monroe effect. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, you you're you have a very different look on on Yes. on screen. I see. >> Did you ever think that this would be something you're doing? Did it took a while for you to adjust to it? everything was a gradual build. I enjoy being in front of the camera. Ever since I was a little child, ever since I was a little kid, I always dreamed of being an actress, being something on TV. My dad told me that I was going to be a star. Um, he told me that I would be living in LA. I'm not living in LA, but he told me that I was going to be a star one day. I believed in my head that I was going to be. Now, I didn't know what kind of star. So, I enjoy live streaming. I haven't done that in a while, but I love being in front of the camera. It feels as if I'm acting, which essentially is >> in different ways. >> Did this come Did this come out of necessity? cuz it, you know, other things you were doing just weren't supporting your your family and and all that or is it more something that you just works for you and you you enjoy doing? >> When I had first heard about it, I was like, "Wow, you can make money and you don't even have to post nudes." So, I had bikini photos on my Only Fans. I wasn't promoting anything sexual on my on my Tik Tok live streams or Tik Tok posts. and the subscribers came in and I enjoyed doing the skits. I enjoy doing those the most. I like showing my creativity on the internet. >> How did you learn the ropes of uh of Only Fans? I started taking a course called Kazumi University back in was it last year, March. And I mean, I'm self-taught and I've learned a lot myself, but I got to a point where I'm like, I could be doing more. And when I had saw Kazumi had a >> Kazumi is the porn actress. >> Or the only fans girl that I've interviewed her before. >> Yeah. She has Kazumi University. >> Oh, okay. And even though I was established, I knew that, you know, you could always learn new things because I want to learn. I want to keep up. I want to know what's, you know, cuz I want to keep continuously growing. And I had started her course and she taught me some things that I would have never even taken into in consideration because I didn't even think of that. So, I changed a few things and it made a huge huge difference in my income. And I'm doing a master class coaching call tomorrow speaking about manifesting your dreams. I mean, it doesn't have to be manifesting only fans or whatever you're trying to achieve uh financially. It's more so using these tactics so that you can manifest anything in your life. And that's pretty much what I've been doing my entire life. But it wasn't until a year ago, over a year ago, I figured out the whole thing. Like I figured it out and I had made a whole PowerPoint for Kazumi's team and they looked at it and they loved it and I told them that they could use this as part of the like a little um class. So >> it's a whole new world for women, isn't >> Yeah. So, I I am so happy that I can share this because I'm very passionate about manifesting and it is true, but it does work, but you have to like put the work in otherwise it's never going to work. >> So, I teach I'm going to be teaching how to make it work and I'm excited about that. >> Yeah. One of the keys is your um healing your nervous system because if you're working in flight or fight, you're never going to reach your goals because you're you're trying to achieve something out of desperation and lack and you're always going to be in that situation. So that's part of the reason why I've achieved the things that I have today. Still working on things, but you know, I I feel that I'm in a good place where I just like learning as much as I can. Otherwise, I get bored. What what do you enjoy most about what you're doing now? >> The money. >> The money is is endless. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I don't really think too much. I know that I'm the post is going to go viral. I don't think too much about the money. I'm just thankful that I'm >> I'm living a comfortable life and as long as I have my basic needs, that's all I care about. Now, the extra stuff is nice. So, >> do do you have any regrets in your life? >> No. No regrets. >> No. Everything that's happened in my life is for a reason because I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for those experiences. It's built me. It It's I am a different person from my past and if it wasn't for those experiences, I wouldn't be where I'm at mentally. And I I really enjoy where I'm at at this moment. So that's great. >> What would you say is the most important thing you've learned in in this journey of yours? creating your own happiness because it can get very lonely in this industry. People I live by I live in Wisconsin and I'm very picky about who I let my life know because I don't know if they're going to use me because of my following or if they want to be my friends because they saw me on the internet. I don't work with anybody in Wisconsin. I don't do collabs in Wisconsin just so I can separate work from home life because uh when I'm home I want peace and that's what I get. I have no work at home. >> I don't do any shoots in my own home. I keep that very separate. I go all the way down to Chicago for that. And >> how often are you going out of town to to work? >> Once a week. >> Once a week. And you just go there and shoot a bunch of content and come back. That's probably a smart way to do it. >> Yeah, it's nice because I don't want to draw that attention to my town. I've had people saying that they're going to come to my town and I said, "That's okay. I don't want to collab in my town. I don't want that type of attention. I want to keep that very separate. We can do that in Chicago." So, >> and the fact that you're doing it under a different persona kind of keeps it from getting into your home life. >> That's a smart way to go. >> Yeah. All right, Tiffany, thank you so much for sharing your story. >> You're welcome. >> I wish you lots of luck. >> Thank you. >> Thank you very much. >> When I was designing the first Softwood Underbelly book, I realized that there were so many great portraits that weren't going to make it into that book. They just wouldn't fit. And once I saw how well that first book sold, I knew I'd have to design a second book. This second book is finally ready to ship. Like the first one, this book has a collection of some of the best portraits from Softwite Underbelly, accompanied by a quote from that person's interview. This book features another group of Rebecca portraits as well as a collection of color images of the Whitaker family and plenty of others. You can order yours for $125 or $150 for a signed copy at softwunderbelly.org. Again, like the first book, once this book is sold out, I will not be printing more of them. The portraits are what Softwood Underbelly is all about. And these two books contain the best of all that work. Thank you for watching.

- I Tried OnlyFans for 56 Days: Kind: captions Language: en - OnlyFans is a website where people sell raunchy content of themselves. I tried posting to OnlyFans for 30 days and it turned out to be the best side hustle discovery that I've made so far. I put everything on the line all to find out how much money can you make from OnlyFans in 30 days with no experience? The OnlyFans platform never says that it's for adult content, but everyone knows it's for adult content. You upload photos and videos of yourself and then people pay a monthly price to get access to that and they can even send you tips to throw more money at you for no reason. and ended up reaching the top 3% of earners on the entire platform. Let me just tell you what happened. I set up my OnlyFans account and I had some idea of the kind of content I was gonna be posting. Just like underwear pics. I did go further than that in the end all in the name of the experiment, of course. Someone who we'll call Brian subscribed to me on OnlyFans and told me not to give into the pressure and not to do anything that I'm not comfortable with. Great advice and I definitely stuck to that. My thought process with the whole experiment was that people can see content for free whenever they want. The reason someone would pay for adult content is to see someone specific and in this case I guess, me, I don't know, I don't know why. So given that it has to be me, I couldn't just start like an anonymous OnlyFans with a fake name and then promote it on new social media accounts. For this to work, it had to be my OnlyFans and I had to launch it here on YouTube. So with that caveat out of the way, let's see how much money I made. I sent my subscription price to $22 a month. Apparently that's fairly high, but I'm worth it. Just kidding. But no, it is $22 a month. On day one, I had just a couple of photos and videos uploaded and I made $52.80 from three new fans. All the numbers I'm gonna be saying by the way are after OnlyFans have taken their 20% cut. By day two, I'd made $200. Whoa. I posted new content daily and then almost everyone who subscribed ended up messaging me, so I always replied to their DMs every day. All of that posting and replying to DMs took less than an hour a day. After a week, I'd made over $500. Crazy, right? And after two weeks I'd made $1,145. That wasn't all from subscriptions, some of that was from people sending me some random tips. I don't really know why. Maybe they really liked what I was posting. It was going insanely well for two weeks in but I was still thinking, how can I take this up a notch? I added a tip menu as in like a list of things that people can send me money for, including a personalized message and a pair of my underwear. Yes, an unwashed pair of my underpants. Some people like that. Lots of people like... Different people like different things. In the 30 days, I shipped out two pairs of underwear, and speaking of delivering, I'm gonna be delivering food to my one millionth subscriber. I'll be setting off with $0 and a food order and I'm gonna be hustling my way around the globe earning money as I go to complete the delivery to my one millionth subscriber. So hit the subscribe button to help reveal my millionth subscriber. By the end of week three, I'd made a staggering $1,258. Even though that's a bunch of money, earnings had slowed a bit compared to the end of week two and that's when I realized that the earnings seemed to correlate with how many views I was getting on YouTube. When my YouTube videos got more views more people came across my OnlyFans link which is in all the video descriptions and more people went and subscribed. I wanted to make my OnlyFans earnings less dependent on YouTube views, so I turned to TikTok. The problem was that TikTok doesn't let you advertise an OnlyFans account directly. Even though OnlyFans isn't specifically for adult content, TikTok knows what people use it for. So instead of getting people to click through on my TikTok ad through to my OnlyFans, I made it click through to my YouTube video where I talk about having an OnlyFans account and then people can click through to it from there. I run my first TikTok ad for two days and I spent $304 on it. That like immediately got me back $278 from subscriptions and tips. So basically I spent $2 acquiring each new fan and some of those will go on to spend more money with me in the future through tips and re-subscriptions. I turned off the ad because I want to spend some time tweaking it a bit more to try to make it profitable but I think this TikTok ad setup is a bit like a cheat code for OnlyFans. By the end of the 30 day experiment I'd made a grand total of $1,628 but I had no idea if anyone who'd subscribed would end up renewing their subscription. Maybe everyone had just subscribed for one month and then not bother sticking around. There was only one way to find out, keep going for another month. On day 31, the renewals did start to roll in and after that I kept going for a total of 56 days before making this video just to be extra confident in the results. 56 days into the experiment I've made a grand total of of $3,942.40. That's $70 a day on average, but in the last two weeks it's been an average of $110 a day. So the earnings per day are actually going up all the time as people stay subscribed and new subscriptions keep coming in every day. The whole experiment's gone way better than I ever thought it would, and I'm gonna keep going with it and I'll give you another update at some point in the future. In the meantime, I've got lots of awesome videos coming out and I'll see you in the next one. (upbeat music)

- OnlyFans CEO on Avoiding the App Store and Personalized Algorithms | WSJ: Kind: captions Language: en - OnlyFans has changed the business model of being naked online. Now the company wants to build a different kind of social media platform, one that's not reliant on advertising and personalized algorithms. Keily Blair, CEO of OnlyFans sat down with the Wall Street Journal to discuss her plan to build the world's safest digital platform and why she thinks some banks still use an outdated risk model. What did you do for work before you joined OnlyFans, and how did you land here? - My OnlyFans origin story is quite different from that of most UK and US tech CEOs. So before I joined OnlyFans, I was a partner at a law firm, and I led their cybersecurity online safety and privacy practice. So not the typical background for a tech company CEO. But what I found was that actually my background in law really put me in a unique position to lead the business because in terms of the biggest risks that face tech and social media companies presently, it's regulation. - I wanna talk a little bit about the platform design and what makes it different from some of the other social platforms out there. To start, I think the search function is not the most user-friendly. - Yes. - [Jaden] Tell me about that. - So OnlyFans is very different by design from other platforms, and a lot of that is because we follow safety by design principles when we think about platform architecture and structure. Search function is a great example of one of those things. So we don't have highly personalized content algorithms on OnlyFans. You are not going to get a bunch of suggested creators that is especially curated for you to try and encourage you to spend more time on the platform, 'cause we believe that users as well as creators should also have control. So users should be able to choose who they subscribe to. You shouldn't be bombarded with content constantly trying to keep you online more. Same with no advertising, same with no data monetization. In order to search for a creator on OnlyFans, you need to know their exact username to be able to find them. You can't search by genre, you can't search by like first name or last name. The only thing you can search for is their username. And the reason for that is actually because we've found historically across the internet that when broad search terms are applied, people can seek to abuse those to promote content that is illegal or harmful or things along those lines. Whereas if somebody genuinely wants to subscribe to a creator, they will know their username already and they'll be able to find them. - I've seen you talk a lot about how you want to create a different type of social media and you can see that in how OnlyFans is designed today. Has the site always been like that or have those sort of design features come in over time? - Some of the design features were there from the beginning. The 80-20 monetization split was there from the beginning. The same with creators owning their own content and being able to remove their content when they see fit rather than the content belonging to us. We've certainly evolved in a more sophisticated position on advertising and on privacy over time because we're open about the fact that we host adult content, we recognize that we have a duty to control for the risks associated with that. So a lot of our platform features are designed with that in mind. Now a lot of other social media platforms will say adult content is against their terms of service, but their platforms are full of adult content, and so by definition, they're, therefore, not designing for that risk. - Another thing I find really interesting about the business is that it's managed to be incredibly successful without being an actual app. Would you ever consider putting OnlyFans on the App Store or is that something you're comfortable operating without? - I think the 30% payments piece is a barrier to us joining the App Store. It doesn't make sense from a corporate and commercial perspective to give up that amount of revenue. Not being on the App Store has not had a negative impact on growth. If you think we now have 4 million creators, 300 million fans worldwide, I struggle to see the upside, I guess, at this stage. Perhaps in the beginning it may have been different, but again, it was a financial decision at that time and now it's very much a, where's the need? - The US and Canada and the UK are very big markets for OnlyFans. Are there any locations that you want to expand into, and what does that look like? - When we look at new geographies to bring on board, the key thing is, are we going to be able to verify their identity with a high degree of success, and are we able to pay them safely? So that is tricky in some more emerging markets candidly. So that makes those markets harder to operate. And with fans, it's simply a question of, can they make payments safely on the platform when we look at new geographies? So it's very opportunistic, it's very much, you know, where creators are. Can we open that market? Are we getting more requests to open a market in a particular way, or make a change in a market, for example. So in in Brazil last year, we introduced an alternative payment method called PIX, which is a local payment method only for Brazil to better enable creator and fan payments on the platform. - Within the financial industry, it is difficult for a lot of adult entertainment companies to work with these institutions. So I'm curious, how you take on that risk and how you mitigate that? - There is a perception certainly within payments and financial services that certain industries are higher risk just by virtue of what they do. So adult content industries, crypto, cannabis, things along those lines are traditionally classed as high risk merchants. That is a very unsophisticated view of risk. And so actually at OnlyFans, we've invested heavily in putting into place, you know, market leading safety controls around our platform, around the payments infrastructure on our platform, around the content that's on our platform. And for that reason, we've been able to communicate and to be transparent with financial services providers and payment providers about, you know, what is the unmitigated risk that's left there. So we have ended up working with people who traditionally have not worked with those industries as a result of the fact that they are now confident in our safety controls. We've invest heavily in our payments process. So we spend a lot of time and effort building a global payments network to enable our creators to withdraw their funds in the jurisdiction that they live in. - Is there a risk that say maybe in the future the leadership of one of the banks that you're working with changes, somebody comes in and says, "I don't want this bank working with OnlyFans?" - I think there's always a risk if you work in a business which is polarizing. You could say the same thing with oil and gas, and you can say the same thing with green energy or DEI policies. Attitudes and risk tolerance shift over time. We are definitely seeing that in terms of the adult content space. Seeing that in terms of crypto, you know, if you think about five years ago, nobody would invest in crypto. Now you've got major traditional financial services institutions heavily invested in crypto, for example. So attitudes change and shift over time. - What are the biggest threats to safety on OnlyFans right now? - I think it's not really just an OnlyFans issue, it's an everybody issue. I think that in terms of the biggest threats that exist for user-generated content platforms, it would be AI generated content that is generated either without respect for copyright or without respect for consent. That is an issue for user-generated content platforms. And if you were to ask me for like a magic bullet tool to fix it, I would love if there was a really effective tool that was able to identify whether an image was artificially generated. There are plenty of tools that exist in the market now, which claim they're able to do that. They're not effective, and they're certainly not evolving at the pace that AI generated image technology and software is developing. So that would be wonderful. I mean, all of our content is reviewed by our team of human moderators anyway, but that would help people to be able to more quickly triage what they believe to be artificially generated content that may not be of the creator. - I'm actually really curious how you think about AI generated chat. A big portion of the revenue comes from these a la carte purchases. Some of those are direct messages. How are you thinking about, you know, if someone were to hire an agency or hire a freelancer who then just can AI generate chat that goes back and forth? - There's no AI chat plugin you can use to be able to chat to your fans on OnlyFans. Each creator runs their business in a way that they see fit, and they're going to use third parties to help them do that. Whether it's a photographer, a camera person, a clip editor, personal trainer, variety of different things to help them to run their account. We don't, as a matter of policy, allow AI chatbots to be utilized to manage the account. Can people cut and paste AI generated content from ChatGPT into OnlyFans? Of course, they can. But in the same way that I could do that with my work now, and we can all do that across the space. We don't have those tools integrated for creators to use natively in the platform. - What are some of the challenges that you face when it comes to thinking about bringing in outside investment? - We don't want to bring in outside investment. - No plans to go public? - No, no plans to bring go public, no. There's no need to. I mean, we don't need the outside investment in truth. The only reason why people typically go public is 'cause they need capital, and we have capital. So there's no driver for us to go public. - I'm really curious about this balance that you have to tow as a person in your position. You know, on the one hand, you are empowering adults to profit off of their sexuality if they choose to. And on the other hand, even though the platform is 18 plus, there is a wider cultural conversation around OnlyFans and people who might not be 18 know that you can make a lot of money on OnlyFans through selling explicit content. And you know, they may think, "Oh, that's a lucrative career path." How do you personally think about that? - I think as a society having a better and more open conversation about sexuality is incredibly important. That conversation needs to be age appropriate. The reality is that sexuality is a part of the human experience. I don't think people only see things that are sex on OnlyFans, you know, look at fashion, perfume, cars, film, Hollywood. I mean, that to say that this is an OnlyFans issue is, is not, I think, entirely fair. I think humans are sexual beings in a lot of cases. What's very important though is that we are mindful about where and how we turn up. We've turned down sponsorship activities on the basis of having a youth group or youth element to them. When we think about our own social media advertising strategies, we give specific limits. So our Instagram strategy, for example, our X strategy, we will say demographically, "It needs to be over 21, it needs to be over 25. Please don't put this in front of miners," 'cause we don't want miners on our platform at all. We're very clear about that. And so, you know, we do what we can and what's within our control to be able to ensure that it's an age appropriate conversation. - What has it been like for you to, you know, go from being a lawyer to now a CEO of a social media platform to now you're talking Netflix deals. What have you learned from being in the content world? - My conversations at the school gates are very different. When I was a lawyer, I used to have the most boring job at the dinner parties. And so when people would ask you, you know, "What do you do?" And you'd go, "I'm a lawyer." They'd be like, "Next." Whereas now if I say, "You know, I'm the CEO of OnlyFans." People go, "Oh, I know someone who did this," or, "Oh, I read this story about that," or, "I saw this podcast when." And so it's an incredible insight into people's viewpoints, whether they're pro-OnlyFans, whether they're anti-OnlyFans, they're pro-sex work, anti-sex work, whether they see it as an entertainment platform or just adult entertainment, they've actually watched it through MMA or comedy or any of the other verticals where OnlyFans is now present. - So many people have such a strong opinion about the company that you're running. How do you hold that personally? - Okay, I will confess that if I don't want to have the conversation, I may still say I'm a lawyer. But more often than not, I do want to have the conversation 'cause I don't think you can do this job unless you feel incredibly passionately about the business that you run and you are interested in how other people feel about it too. One of the things I say to our team all the time is, if you can't talk about the business with pride and with passion and you can't listen to people's concerns with empathy, you're probably in the wrong job, because that's part of your role in the business is kind of to be willing to have those conversations. But occasionally, if I've had a long day, I will just say I'm a lawyer. (gentle music)

- OnlyFans Model interview-Naomi: Kind: captions Language: en all right Naomi Naomi uh where are you from so I am from New York originally um lived in Connecticut also growing up went to Elementary School in Long Island that's where my mom's from and um yeah went to high school in Connecticut my mom is from Long Island like I said my dad is an immigrant from the Philippines he moved to Nigeria actually as a young kid and then came to Brooklyn um when he was 10 years old without his parents how was your how was your childhood my childhood I wouldn't say was bad um my parents got together had my older brother four years later had me and then um they split shortly after I was born and I lived in different states it's kind of why I moved all over um but my parents did have a pretty hard childhood both of them in their own way so I think they really had this passion in them to be successful and both of them ended up being very successful my mom was in corporate finance my dad was a lawyer and did cyber security for some really big companies um sorry I'm a little nervous okay being vulnerable is hard for me um what what career did you follow what what what were you looking to do so in my eyes I just wanted to be successful financially so I was thinking doctor lawyer engineer one of those were like my only options um and so I was always interested in science growing up so I actually ended up going to the University of Arizona I studied physiology which is just a fancy word of saying how the body works I wanted to be a plastic surgeon I was super into cosmetics and Aesthetics and I get fillers and Botox and all that I actually need Botox right now but um yeah that was my plan and I cheered at the UFA too so that's something kind of different yeah I was a cheer there um so I think growing up my childhood just to go back to that really quick like my mom would check my homework every night and if my handwriting wasn't up to her standard she would erase the whole thing and make me start over so there was kind of a level there of like discipline that helped me in college because I did have a really strict schedule I had 6:00 a.m. practice 8: a.m. lifts I'd have class all day and study all night and then kind of do it the next day and balance that and then I also was in a relationship at the time so very strict schedule a lot of discipline but I did graduate with a physiology degree and what what did you do after you got out of college um so I graduated during the pandemic technically so I never had a graduation I kind of just ended College um It's Kind of a Funny Story actually I was in Las Vegas for the Pack 12 tournament I was cheering it with the basketball team and um so we found out that the world was like shutting down for two weeks and I'm on spring break at this point so some of my friends were in Miami some of my friends were in Mexico and they're like oh yeah like extended spring break cool but people went back to see their families and spend time with their families during this like two week shutdown I went back to Tucson so I was just by myself um it turned into months of just being alone in like a 290t apartment which um was pretty crazy and I had a lot of time to reflect and I think during that time I realized like I don't want to go to med school I don't want to take the MCAT I don't want to go into the medical field with everything going on it was like kind of scary um and so up until this point my parents were funding my whole life they were paying for everything I lived in a really nice apartment and at this point they were like yeah you need to find a job you need to start paying your own stuff um they didn't just cold turkey cut me off but they were like you have this budget to work with so figure it out um and so at that time I was applying to any job I could get in Tucson Tucson's pretty small I'm not sure if you're familiar with it but it's in Arizona it's where UVA is and there weren't a lot of opportunities I applied to like 50 jobs got rejected from everything and I wasn't too proud like I applied to like scrub toilets and they were like no so there was this frustration in me and I was like I just worked for four four years straight super hard on this degree and like I can't even get the most basic job um I didn't know what I wanted to do at this point I was very lost I was kind of like in this depression into some by myself and on a random Sunday I got a call from my dad and he was like I have an opportunity for you and I was like okay and like I mentioned my dad was in tech he was pretty big in the tech world so he was like it's in Tech don't cut me off just hear me out it's in Tech and it's a good opportunity this was a sales job I know I like people I like talking to people I'm good at developing relationships so I was like okay and he was like the one thing is you'd have to move next week like pack your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and move next week and I was like okay I'll take it so that was Sunday night at like 5:00 p.m. he said I set up interviews for you tomorrow the first interview was actually the next day at 9 a.m. I had like five more interviews that week I got my offer letter by Friday and I moved the next week and that was where' you move to to Phoenix so it's only two hours North but I mean it was pretty like last minute and chaotic so just that move alone was like I don't know it was a lot for me but I was ready to get a job and make money um I think I was making like 36k I'm like yes 36k um um so I got that job started as inside sales and I just knew ever since I was a kid I was like different I don't know what I really mean by that but I just know I was never meant to like fit into a mold and so when I got this job in Corporate America I'm like I feel really inauthentic to myself like I took out my nipple piercings I took off my acrylic nails I'm like I have to fit this perfect mold and be the person my parents always wanted me to be and I made them so proud and they're like you're making your own money you're you have your own apartment so proud of you um so I got really wrapped up in that and even though I felt this inauthenticity towards myself I was really good at the job I started as inside sales I was just making cold calls all day and I was like this is not going to get me anywhere so little old me youngest on my team only female I decided I was going to go and just meet customers in person cuz I'm like I'll have more success this way and maybe that's me being I don't know vain but I'm like my looks will get me farther than any of these older men and it did um before I knew it I was like the number one rep in the country like on my team um I was killing it so they were kind of forced to promote me at that point and I was doing really well in Tech and so even though I was doing really well in Tech I was like I'm still not making making the money that I want to be making and I felt without getting super into like details I wasn't being compensated for not only my efforts but I wasn't being compensated for my results because I was a top performer on my team and everybody else was making so much more than me and I always kind of fell back on well you don't have the same experience I'm like does experience really matter if I'm producing the results um so there's this constant Battle of like ah I'm just I don't feel I don't feel right about this like I should be making more money but I'm not so that's when I was hanging out with my friends one day and we were all just kind of talking and I was joking about starting an only fans and they were like you should just do it you should just go for it I'm like I don't know I don't even know where to start so I got this sales job in 2021 I moved into this apartment in Scottdale in 2022 in June what was really funny about it is I had a neighbor that lived kind of like diagonal from me and also our cars were parked across from each other in the parking lot and he just always had this like really cool vibe to him his face was tattooed he was always like decked out in designer like all like cardier bust down everything and I'm just like he's just seems really interesting like I don't know what he does but I know he's not in Corporate America and at this point I was really un happy with my job so I remember telling my best friend like I just have to meet him I don't know what he does but I just feel like this really big like urgency to meet him she was like that's kind of weird but I'm just that kind of person I have this like sick sense about me that I don't know I I just it's like a gift so he was always on the phone like super urgent always talking always like moving fast and I'm like I don't ever have the opportunity to really like talk to him so there's one time where getting out of our cars that were parked across from each other and he had two luggages in his hands and I'm like this is my chance so I walk up to him I'm like I really like your tattoos and I just kind of have to know like what you do and he was like oh thanks like wanted nothing to do with me um and so I was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like up until this point is like months of leading up to like I have to meet him like I I know like we're meant to meet each other like that was really anti-climatic um but then I kind of saw his demeanor change and he was like I'm sorry like thank you like I I appreciate that and we kind of stuck up a conversation I'm like okay so like I I need to know what you do for a living not to sound weird but like I've been seeing you around the apartments I know we're neighbors you have a really cool vibe to you like what do you do for a living and he was like social media I'm like okay tell me more he's like I manage girls on o I manage girls on Instagram Tik Tok all of that and my face kind of lit up when he said only fans and he was like are you interested in only fans he's like cuz I'm not taking any new clients but like your face kind of said it all and I was like listen I am not happy in my job I want a way out I want a way to make more money and I just don't know where to start and I was actually joking with my friends like a month ago about how I want to start an only fans he was like if you're serious let's have a conversation tomorrow so we went to dinner the next night talked about kind of like everything business plans all of that and I was like I'm in just how do I start and from then like I what was difficult for me was where I was still in Tech and so Naomi is not my legal name and um I made sure I had a separate kind of alter ego online because I didn't want to get caught I didn't want to lose my job I didn't want to disappoint my parents they were so proud of me I was doing so good um and so I was one foot into Tech I was one foot into only fans and I didn't put the energy and effort into it like I could have and if I would have right off the bat I know I could have made so much money like right away but I was too nervous and I didn't trust myself and I didn't trust my intuition and I if I could go back and change it I would but um yeah I I was I was living this double life for a long time and then I almost got to the point where now I was feeling inauthentic to myself because it's like okay well I'm like two people in one like living a real Hannah Montana life like in real life and I didn't tell my parents no one knew my my friends knew but my family didn't know so when I would go back and visit them I had to like sneak to the bathroom and like take a picture of my tits like it was just it was it became a lot and especially working in Tech it was like a male dominated field so it was very hard for me to not nervous for them to find it I don't know like I'm very comfortable in my body I've always been that way but it's like the risk of losing my job was really what scared me so every time I was called into my boss's office I was just like oh my God I hope you didn't find my only fans like cuz I know they're all on social media so like I had an Instagram I had all of that um and it's just like one explore page away like I was so nervous so yeah I was still in that first first job I was promoted to a field rep and I was doing really well and then I got to the point where I was like okay do I really want to be doing Tech and only fans because this was like my peak of only I was doing really really well January of 2022 I was doing really really well or 2023 January of 2023 I was doing really well um I actually ended up getting offered a better job in Tech and I'm like yeah let me Triple my income and do only fans that's a great idea so I took the job I was the director of sales operations I'm like y more Prestige better title my parents are happy I'm happy cuz I'm making all this extra money but when I got this new job it was like a whole bunch of extra you know time and effort and energy and learning it was learning curve so I kind of put only fans on the back burner and my numbers plummeted and like I was just devastated cuz I'm like ah what am I doing cuz only fans is kind of like a a daily job right it's a full-time job yes if you're taking it serious like you can make really a lot of money on you have to be dedicated a lot of people that's a misconception a lot of people think like oh you just put up some pictures put up some pictures and you make a bunch of money if you're pretty like that's not the case a lot of it has to do with you actually interacting with your fans and so that's what was hard is like I was so exhausted from like learning all this new position every day and I didn't have the energy to put into the fans and like it reflected like crazy um and so what happened was that job the whole company actually dissolved I got a call from the CEO and he was like yep we're shutting down the whole company thanks for all that you did and I'm like okay well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I have a second income it's now plummeted it's at the bottom and now I just lost this job I'm like I have to go full force at only fans now this is like God tell you know I don't know if you believe in God but this is God telling me like this is your time you have to do it so I had a sit down conversation with my social media manager at this point and I'm like it's got tell you to show your tits to the world I'm all in I'm all in what do I need to do I can't I can't go back to Corporate America I'm so over it every time I just I felt like I was getting kicked down every I was down I was trying to get back out get kicked down in another way I couldn't do it anymore um and like I said I've always felt like I was different I wasn't meant for that 9 to-5 life of like going into the office like how was your weekend like no so you're all in now I'm all in 100% in at this point um it's been are you happier oh yeah my lifestyle I would say the the best part about it is the lifestyle like I get to wake up and do whatever it is that I want to do that day but also make sure I make time to interact with my fans and what's what's the worst part of it I think because of my upbringing I would say the uncertainty of the money because it's not just a fixed salary of what like a doctor would have or a tech person would have um it's really like how much effort and energy you put into it is how much money you make so if you slack on one day like it reflects in your numbers that instability freaks me out a little bit but um I believe in myself and if you're dedicated mhm you can go all out and I know it's possible the girls that I've worked with and I surround myself with they're all making crazy money and um there's no like Secret Sauce to it which is really interesting also it's like every Creator is so different of what they're comfortable with and what kind of content content they produce and um yeah are are you uncomfortable with some of the content you're putting out there no I'm not I actually make it a point to say like a lot of people request some things and you know my page I like to make it a safe space for everyone to express what they're interested in and put out any request but I don't do everything that's asked of me and there's certain things for no amount of money that I will do how is it make you feel to be interacting with guys like this because you you you reply to your own comments right M yeah it doesn't bother me I've actually been able to I don't want to say like relationship in like romantic relationship type of way I have built certain I guess relationship Dynamics with certain fans that I just interact with more than others or the ones that have been around since the beginning I think that's the beauty of Someone Like Me versus someone with thousands and thousands and thousands of subscribers is like I really do have more of the time to like interact and get to know them so um just the ones that like I know what they do for a living they know where I came from a lot of my Subs actually like are in the tech world so we have something in common that we can talk about like how is your day you know like and um we do talk about it and we have something to uh relate to each other about but I wouldn't say that's the case for everybody a lot of people just subscribe and buy their videos and never want to talk to me which is totally cool like but I do enjoy um interacting fans are you basically a porn actress yeah that's basically what it is MH but but you're in control I am I think that's the beauty of only fans and the platform is like you can really make the content that you want and that you're comfortable with and you don't have you're not forced um to make anything that you're not like in maybe mainstream porn or kind of pressured to do things that you're not comfortable with and so you're on camera by yourself or with Partners or both both how how do your parents feel about this so the way I told my parents actually um I feel horrible to it about it to this day I forgot my stepdad's birthday and my family is very close so they called me and they were like you didn't call us like are you alive are you okay and immedi like I looked down at my phone and I looked at the date and I was like I started sobbing immediately um so I've never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like that before like up until this point I had been very like calculated on okay I need to keep this a secret so I need to be like on my p's and q's um and that was the point where I was just like I think we need to have like a family talk right now so I kind of just like was like can everyone just come together on the phone and that's how I told them um how did that go they are supportive they weren't necessarily like thrilled about it um but they are supportive of my decisions and at the end of the day I think as long as I'm safe they just want me to be safe and they love me so much and I I couldn't have had it really go any better than it did I know a lot of girls don't have that same experience but they don't ask questions um definitely don't ask specifics I don't think they want to know and I don't really want to talk to them about specifics of what I do but um I just let them know that I am safe and I am not being forced to do anything that I'm not comfortable with would they like me to be in Tech probably more than what I'm doing right now yeah but I think what I'm doing right now is more authentic to who I am just ever since I was a kid I think I've always been kind of hypersexual and I don't necessarily think in a bad way I just have always kind of used it to my advantage so I think I think women are getting Freer yeah to express their sexuality and I think only fans is a vehicle to to do that the morality of it all becomes a big issue I'm sure you'll see things in the comments on this video saying absolutely saying oh my God you're ruining your life and you're going I see a ton of comments like that on the daily basis and even people saying like you're ruining society which like I respect everyone's opinion it's just they're not paying my bills so and yeah so you're young still I'm fairly young I'm 25 25 so you you've got a long career ahead of you I do you see doing this for especially if you start making really good money um I see myself being retired probably in the next five to yeah probably five years which would never happen if you were working a tech job if I was working a tech job and just making my six figures and calling it a day I yeah I wouldn't be able to retire but um this guy's a limit with his career it is and it's it's not I don't see myself being just like the only fans girl I think that's another misconception of like I want to be a personality I want to be on different podcasts I I have a couple podcasts with my friend Jasmine and then with my social media manager as well um I want to have a bigger presence on social media other than just only fans so I don't plan to do this forever it's the way of the world now mhm yep and how do you find Partners o this question um I don't right now I'm such a homebody I'm sure there's a long list of guys that are will willing and able there's a lot of guys in my DMs in my messages a lot of people from my hometown or like I've actually been in love with you for the last 12 years I'm like no you haven't um but I think I think every girl has had their their own experience with dating but I think for me personally like yeah it has affected my dating life and I'm okay with that right now because I do want to make the money I want to make I want to retire I want to live the life I want to live and I don't want to change that for a man or just to settle down to say I settled down and make other people happy again go revert back to that of like doing what's expected of me um do I want to have a family in the future absolutely but right now it's not the time I don't have time for that like I said like only fans is a full-time job so I'm working all day every day on my only fans on my social media in general um and I don't really have time to like date like that and have a relationship I'm sure there are going to be comments saying you know you'll never meet a guy if you're doing this but I believe are guys who are turned on by what you're doing absolutely and it doesn't really get in the way yeah so for me personally like I don't I don't like to judge anyone on their life decisions um and I think in this whole like red pill Community everyone's like you won't find a high value man well the irony of it is that I've never had uh what they would call high value man really go out of their way to put hate comments on my stuff because they're probably busy working on their own careers or like excelling in what they're working on they don't have time to sit here and be like you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like and in those comments it's usually a lot of typos and things like that so it's just it's telling yes comments on social media are just insane yeah and it's okay you know everyone has their own opinion it doesn't bother me but but but you reply to the comments on your only fans I do but those aren't like hate comments no no no I'm sure the opposite yeah yeah um yeah everyone I mean sometimes sometimes you get some people that like go on and are like say outrageous things just for fun but it's like you subscribed just to say mean things and then unsubscribed it's fine the world is crazy you still you paid to say mean things so but you're you came with a friend and I spoke to your friend for a second before you we started here M and she had a really cool attitude about what you're doing because you know other females are going to give you a hard time for doing this kind of work and her attitude was you know basically you're not hurting anybody you're you're you're surviving and that's how I view it too you're staying safe yeah and I guess another misconception about only fans is a lot of people do it out of desperation which for me it wasn't desperation I was doing it while I was still working a job where I was making six figures so um yeah it's it's been freeing I think that's the word I would use to describe women women have this power that they're basically unable to monetize unless they marry a a rich guy and so now only fans is giving is giving particularly attractive women an opportunity to make money without any guys involvement yeah not even just like attractive women either like all women all kinds of women yeah thank you for correcting me but that that that's a big threat to a lot of people it is and I think the men that would not be able to sustain a lifestyle for a woman like me probably are the only ones that have an issue with it um the women that tear only fans girls down I think are deep down maybe just upset that they're not comfortable doing it or putting themselves out there in that way I think it's natural for women to be sexual I've always felt that way so I don't have an issue with it clearly um I think I think a lot of the world a lot of a lot of our country is very uptight about sex MH and they're going to view this as something you know you're morally bankrupt and you're taking the world down yeah which I'm I'm not certain that's the case do you feel like that's a like an American Thing versus well I think I think there's other countries too that feel the same way but um we're here in the United States and and certainly there's a big portion of the country that would frown on what you're doing yeah yeah but and then also looking at the number of people that do it like not that many people do only fans if you really look at the big population so I feel like people look at it as this like you're ruining Society type of thing but it's like if you don't want to be in that world like you don't have to before I started my only fans like I didn't know who any of the only fans creators were I well I I don't look at it that I think the smarter way to look at it is there are so many porn websites that are very popular in the world on the internet and those are popular whether you like it or not mhm and what only fans has done is given the actors in those videos the opportunity to make and control the money that's true so I see it as as a good thing maybe not 100% good but you know maybe it's you know I'm not I'm not I'm not a fan of porn but but I am a fan of being able to control your money I would agree with that so it's it's a complicated topic but but I I I see that you're safe you're well taken care of you're you're making money you're happy mhm that that's those are all great things whereas doing a working in a career you you weren't happy with I'm not sure if that's the best way to go through the rest of your life yeah and I think a lot of people do it just because that's what's expected of us and like I thought that was normal when I had to make myself into corporate Naomi you know I I've thought okay this is what you have to do when you're an adult this is adulting and like now I've really realized I don't have to live by anyone else's terms other than my own I think it's women like you that are leading the way for the future and many girls will follow whether we like that or not is beside the point because it's it's going to happen anyway this is this is our society that we've built I think it's empowering absolutely from my perspective yeah women have been on the gotten the short end of the stick for centuries so now now you actually have I don't think guys on only fans can make quite the same money or maybe they can't only maybe a lot of guys do make a lot of money but it's more people with like big platforms Like Rappers and things like that that have only fans is that right mhm yeah yeah I'm not really it would be more difficult for men to make as much money as women but there is I mean everybody has their own market like some of some people I know that wouldn't be I like the way stereotypical like attractive like make crazy money like it's really just you have your own niche market I like the way Jasmine your friend Jasmine handles it where she's very very educated very sharp and she uses that on her only fans as well not just yeah we've uhra we've streamed on Twitch together before we were talking about like stem cells and moral philosophy all that crazy stuff um but it's cool seeing her fan base is definitely different than than my fan base but yeah we're very different and that's what's kind of been cool and I told you and thank the first thing I said to you was thank you because you brought us together and now we have our own podcast where we talk about things that you know most only fans girls don't talk about together it's a whole new world out there and there's room for everybody on only fans it seems yeah there's a lot of room for growth too all different types of content not doesn't have to be sexual mhm yeah not all of my content is sexual like I'll go on there and just be like hey what's up people love that just hearing you talk and really just like interacting with you on a personal level I really look at it as like the behind the scenes of my life because like I'll post about coming here but it won't be like necessarily half to be sexual right they're just like that's really cool you know excellent well Naomi thank you so much for telling us about your your only fans experience and uh I wish you lots of luck so what is what is the name of your only fans account it is at the Naomi l t h e n a o m i l y n n and that's where guys can find you yes thank you thank you for having me on here thank you

- How I Made $200,000+ on OnlyFans WITHOUT Showing EVERYTHING: My BIGGEST TIPS, Advice, Hacks + MORE!: Kind: captions Language: en guess who's back welcome back to my channel Luna you have no idea how exciting this is only fans content 2023 let's go no the title isn't click bait or scam back in January 2020 I started my only fans account on a whim with no idea what was about to explode but my life very quickly changed and I found myself being a top zero percent Creator on the only fans platform this success didn't happen overnight but with consistency I soon began to make about 15K monthly on the platform with a grand total of over two hundred thousand dollars made within the last two to three years part of me has no idea how this even happened and the other part of me understands it was a combination of a lot but broken down into my best tips here's how I think I did it foreign [Music] welcome back I am so excited to be making this video This is my first only fans related like dedicated video since December 2021 I think I took a very long break and I'm sure many of you are familiar so I won't spend too much time talking about that but I'm so excited to be back and talking more about updated only fans advice tips and my progress with you so much has changed we have so many updates to get through and I want to hear about your updates as well because I do keep up with like comments of people that are also doing only fans and I'm sure that the last update you gave me in 2020 or 2021 may not reflect what's going on now so if you're still doing only fans if it's progressed if you took a break if you stopped like let me know I'd love to hear it and of course all comment sections on my only fans related videos feel free to plug your link your info this is a great way to promote not on all of my videos please but anything only fans you are more than welcome to leave your info down below I'm also going to be doing an updated only fans q a so if you have any questions relevant to only fans today or questions I never answered in my previous only fans videos please leave those down below as well I'll be gathering those for a q a soon so subscribe so you don't miss that I also will be asking I think on Instagram so please make sure that you're following me on Instagram and watching those stories so you do not miss your opportunity to send in a question for a video but I figured for my first video back I would do kind of a big overview of just hey here's how much I've made this is how I did it here are the best of the best tips that I have for how you can achieve and earn a lot of money on only fans as well and we're just gonna be really chill on the couch today it feels weird not filming one of these in my home office that I used to film every single one in back in my apartment something that only fans gave me that I'm grateful for is this house and I have not filmed a lot of only fans videos in here yet so I don't know the best space But I wanted it to feel very chill and look at ketchup so we're on the Couch today I made a huge note of my biggest tips for only fans broken down into like 10 bullet notes and we're just gonna go through them all hopefully these don't sound too repetitive but I am compiling my best advice into one video so some of them may overlap with some older videos but keep in mind that you know it's a new era now social media is very different only fans has changed a lot so these are the pieces of advice that I think have outlived the changes in algorithm in Trends in social media and what I still believe will take you very far in success on the platform everything that I've written down in preparation for this video is based off of an article that I actually wrote on medium about how I earned two hundred thousand dollars on the platform I'm going to link that article down below I'm trying to grow my medium and I'm making a video on how to earn money on medium as well so please follow my medium account check out the article subscribe to me over on there it would mean a lot because I'm also my cats it would mean a lot because I'm planning on writing a lot of articles about only fans on that platform so if you prefer to read rather than watch you the first thing I need to say though is you do not need to show everything to be on only fans will it change how much money you make potentially could you make more if you did maybe but being comfortable with what you're posting and creating boundaries for yourself that don't make you uncomfortable that is what's most important and everyone will have different boundaries everyone will feel comfortable with different things and that's okay and that's what makes only fans such a diverse platform every single Creator is posting something different that they prefer to make I will admit that my boundaries have expanded since when I first started it if you watch those first videos I did have specific boundaries with myself and over time naturally those have expanded I still have my comfort zone and my own boundaries but I'm a lot more comfortable with things that younger me might have been iffy about but now I think I just realize it's not a big deal and as long as I'm okay with it that's all that matters but I still do not consider myself as someone on the platform that shows everything so like I've referred to this before as noodles on older videos just to remain within guidelines but we all know new noodles the good stuff um there are so many different kinds and to me like everything implies everything I don't know it's such a weird thing to try to explain but I just like to say that as long as you have boundaries and are comfortable with what you're posting you're good there are still some requests outside of my comfort zone that I'm not okay with but there are also a lot within my comfort zone that I'm completely fine with follow my only fans to see more but I just wanted to make sure to cover that with the title because I don't want anyone to think that you have to show specific things in order to be successful you can show whatever the heck you want the most important thing is that you're comfortable and you have boundaries for yourself and you don't feel like you've let yourself down or that you're doing anything that you are uncomfortable with because you should never feel pressured on the platform there is so much to cover it would be impossible to get through it all within this first video but I'm gonna do my best and as always please sign up for only fans using my referral link down below subscribe to my only fans page if you're curious going off of that though my only fans page is just my name Michaela country sort of linked down below if you want to sign up for and only fans page please use my referral sign up link down below I still offer shout outs on my only fans page you can DM me on Instagram or Twitter for this and if you're looking for more one-on-one help I do offer Zoom consultations it's a 30 minute session you and me going over whatever you want just to help you on your own page reach out to me on Instagram or Twitter for that as well the last thing that I really need to update you guys on is that I've released new merch if you have been watching these videos you know the base of this whole journey has been if you've got it monetize it if you got it monetize it really got me through 2020 it got me to where I am today the whole concept of that that I came up with is focusing on what you are good at what your talents are and figuring out a way to monetize it if you're talented with music there are ways to monetize that if you're talented with like DIYs crafting there's ways to monetize that if you are a intuitive card reader you can monetize it whatever it is that you've got nobody else has that specific tool or Talent so figuring out how to monetize it is key the last merch drop of it was in 2020 but you know a lot has changed and I figured it was time for a fresh look it's so fresh that mine haven't even arrived yet I literally just created and dropped these but it's a lot more of a cleaner minimal simple look my old merch is made from the same material so I know that these are so cozy but definitely a time for a fresh start it would mean the world to me so please check out my merch go buy yourself a soft crew neck or hoodie I also do have a discount code for you if you use the code only fans you'll get 10 off so check out the new merch very exciting merch drop it just feels right now with all that being said it would take days to cover like everything that I have so I'm going to do my best in this first video just to focus on the bigger ideas I have the rest of the year really to break it all down but it just feels like a time to start fresh with this first video back and do a video on like my biggest tips on how to earn money on on the platform so I've broken it down into 10 tips here we go number one set yourself up for Success the foundation is so crucial don't be afraid to take time to do the little things in fact it's important that you do make sure that you have a clear profile picture and a good cover photo that shows the type of content that you post these are two sellers because it's the only visual content that people can see before they subscribe to your page so if they're immediately turned off by it or just not interested like people are literally judging a book by its cover here and that first impression matters but if your profile picture or cover photo makes them want to see more that's the idea I should also say here like do as I say not as I do because I know some of these don't reflect my own page but I've kind of taken a step back because I'm here to help you and I could also listen to my own advice but I just feel like my page because of the platform that has grown here it's fine but if you're looking to like really set yourself up for success or things that I did in the beginning this is it right out that thorough bio including information about you not too much though like privacy for sure don't tell them like where you live even how old you are I think is sometimes too much unless it's part of your brand because I know some people will put like 18 or 19 because it'll help them get fans but more so like what type of content you post how often you post what you're into services that you offer any deals that you have like that type of information is really helpful I also recommend hiding your fan count because that will always be subjective to who's looking at it but keeping your likes public and you're also able to like your own posts but we'll get into that in a little bit now look at your profile as if it is not your own page and ask yourself would I subscribe to this page if the answer is no figure out why and fix it number two create new accounts now this isn't something that I did in the beginning but if I were to create a second only fans page or do it again I would definitely follow this technique because social media media platforms are not that friendly when it comes to only fans links and integrating only fans into your personal social media accounts puts everything at risk if you lose your Instagram that's connected to Facebook if you promote on like a dating app it's deleted I lost my Snapchat account the first night that I created only fans and to this day I miss it sometimes because I just stopped using SnapChat it was too much I lost everything it was just too hard not the biggest deal but if you want to protect your personal social media as well as your privacy and personal life do not promote your only fans on it create a new account treat this like a new business one with its own separate social media accounts like I mentioned most social media platforms don't really like only fans but if they do delete your account at least it's the separate only fans page and not your personal one this can also help create a separate like work and personal life while spending time online create a new Instagram Twitter Tick Tock twitch Reddit Etc to promote your only fans on make sure it has your only fans info your username handle a link tree some websites are more friendly than others like on Reddit and Twitter you can do the only fans like Instagram use linktree it's just better to be careful too so if you want to stick to link tree or just the tagged at handle that could work as well just make sure that it has your only fans link info and some only fans photos on it to help promote your page but creating separate accounts now I think is crucial number three be consistent nothing happens overnight success takes determination motivation perseverance grit and so many other factors to make it happen as you can see from my earnings listed it took a while before I started making 10K a month but consistency helps keep your page relevant which will attract people to your page and consistency helps keep your fans active and subscribe to your page for longer than just one month as well you can't make an only fans page and expect to make thousands that first month it will take time it will take dedication it will take you staying with it for a long time and then being proud of like the success I've had so many DMS of people complaining because they've only made a couple hundred dollars but that's a couple hundred dollars that you didn't have before and if your attitude toward money is that negative not everyone will believe this but I do if your attitude toward money is negative it won't attract more the universe listens and if you have a blockage there and you have a negative attitude toward that energy the frequency the energy it's not going to align with the frequency of money so how could you earn more if you're not even grateful for the money that you received but going off of being consistent my fourth tip is to promote every day everywhere the only way to grow your page is by promoting your page this can prove to be so tricky and I think it's one of the biggest challenges with an only fans account if you don't have a following already a lot of people complain that the only reason I made money is because of my following but I only have a follow following because I made these videos so when I first started my only fans account I was literally just like you I had a very small YouTube channel it brought in a couple of fans but I put in the hard work I didn't have this following like this came after slash because of it there is no right or wrong way to promote your page and every platform will work differently for everyone so something that worked really well for one Creator might not work for you but that's why it's important to promote on everything as often as you can to figure out which like fishing lines you're getting bites from and then using that platform that's most successful more often to bring in more fans I personally think Twitter is awesome because they're so friendly with only fans and you can post more explicit content there to promote your page Reddit is great if you can get one of your posts to kind of be seen a lot that helps with promotion and your target audience is probably on Reddit not going to lie Instagram can work really well if you create a brand for yourself on there but it can be tricky if you're just starting out out because you have to build up Instagram at the same time that you're building up only fans but again perseverance consistency posting and promoting every single day number five I've kind of touched on this a little bit but find your Niche find what works best for you find your brand this is so important like what type of content are you going to make everyone is in the different categories I've received requests from a wide range form of content but if you can master your Niche I guarantee you will make a lot number six oh my gosh I wish I knew this one sooner send out Mass DMs I think I was like five six months into my journey on only fans before discovering this and I realized I had lost the opportunity to make so much more had I done this in the beginning so only fans gives you the option to send out a mass DM to all of your fans at the same time before this I would just post a preview pick and tell them to DM me if they want to see more but that is more of a passive approach active approach would be sending them the message with the photos already hiding behind a price lock so you take all the content you send it in a mass DM to everyone you have a price attached to it and they unlock it to view use one photo or a censored version post it on your feed to promote it tell them that the full bundle the full pick whatever is in their DM waiting for them to open it this will help fans open it especially fans that wouldn't be actively like reaching out to you being like hey can I see that picture that you said to DM you about it just helps this is the biggest difference and it truly doubles earnings I swear going off of this number seven create bundles there are two types of bundles that I'm referring to subscription bundles and photo bundles subscription bundles only fans allows you to create these bundles of memberships where instead of subscribing for one month you can subscribe for three or six months up front at once to save 10 15 you choose in the settings please do this set it up on your page even if you're skeptical that someone will do this it's great to have as an option up there because I've had it up there for years and two times people have done it and it helped because you get a lot of money at once it's also a sign that a fan likes your account and is sticking around for a long time because they enjoy what you're posting now photo bundles I also recommend instead of trying to sell one photo for 30 bucks take three sell it as a bundle and sell that for 30 bucks like you know the style of how most people take photos now it used to be like okay one two three except now when we say can you take a photo for me or if you're taking a photo it's like click click click click click click click and then hoping that you get one good one so do this with only fans photos create a bundle of similar photos slightly different it's like a carousel on Instagram when like girls post two photos and they look so similar but her hand is like slightly different I'm guilty of this too like I'm just bringing up how it can be like the same photo shoot bundle but instead of choosing one to sell at a time fans feel like they're getting more for their money which they are when you sell them as a bundle and if a fan sees that there are 10 photos in there rather than two for the same price they're more likely to purchase it so bundles are your best friend here number eight I touched on this a little bit but like your own posts this isn't like Instagram or Facebook it's not weird to do this and it helps your page improve and increase the light count that again like I mentioned earlier is visible at the top of your page so let's say you have 30 posts and like 40 likes 40 likes is visible right now you go back and you like all of your posts and your light count increased from 40 to 70 and if you get one more fan and they like 30 posts that brings you up to 100 likes which you helped get there by 30 does that make sense it just improves the light count it makes it look higher especially when you're starting your own page out and you post like your first 10 photos and you're just waiting to get fans a potential subscriber might come to your page but see that you have zero likes and feel skeptical because no one has liked your posts it has nothing to do with what the posts are but it might make them not as likely to subscribe whereas if they clicked on the link and saw that you're a new page and you already have 10 likes they're gonna try it out more the point here is that you want that number to be as high as possible number nine don't forget listen to and engage with your audience they're the whole reason why you're making money they're the whole reason why your page is working like they're subscribed to you without an audience you don't have an income simple as that so say thank you be polite ask what they want to see ask how they're doing and create that relationship that makes fans feel special in their own specific way if fans are telling you the price is too high modify it give them a discount if a fan requests content consider it if you're comfortable with it and if it doesn't go outside of your boundaries that you've made for yourself make that content specifically for that fan that asked it's really important to earn trust with your audience and this helps them stay subscribed now the last tip that I have in this video is make your own opportunities never let judgment or fear get in the way of your success there are a lot of opinions about only fans but at the end of the day do what is best for you and your situation I firmly believe in any situation or decision that you're doing as long as you're not hurting yourself or others then who cares if I let fear control my situation or the Judgment of those that didn't approve with what I was doing I would not be where I am today like not even close just sitting on this couch in this living room at 2PM on a Wednesday I'm always grateful for that and I know that I only have only fans and you that watch my videos to think and I also know that it is so possible for YouTube because years ago I was watching girls that did this on YouTube before I started thinking wow that's crazy and that's what made me start so I know from the other side of the mirror that this can be you as well it seems impossible I know but I am here to tell you that it's not I firmly believe this I believe in you you got this over these last three years those are the biggest tips that I have broken down if you're ready to start the journey sign up now using my link let me know any questions for that only fans video down below check out my merch to get amped about you know monetizing what you've got again the merch doesn't have to reflect only fans I have friends that bought the merch that run Etsy shops or build Furniture it really is just monetizing your own skill and being successful with that but I hope you liked the first video back I tried really hard to kind of fill as much information in here as possible I want to do a full video on like promoting in 2023 and how the algorithm has changed how I would do things differently this year versus 2020 so a lot of only fans content is in the works and will come soon please subscribe I'll link the full only fans playlist down below check it out even if you think you've watched them all make sure you haven't missed a video I hope you're as excited as I am to be back this is this is the best feeling shoot me a DM if you want to do a shout out or a zoom meeting and I'll see you real soon with my next video bye [Laughter]

- On Only Fans, content creators find financial lifelines and independence | Nightline: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] shooter ready go ahead like many of us navy veteran justin avery palms 2020 wasn't going as planned i was feeling pretty good the beginning of march i just got a new job as businesses shuttered across the nation he was furloughed from his job he started training to become an armed guard while he looked for work good good good good tell me about that second week of march the country shuts down the world shuts down what's going through your head what happens it kind of happened really quickly like way way quicker than i thought just to go from having everything in my life planned and everything going well to now i don't have a job i don't know where my next source of income is coming from i don't really have any stability anymore looking for a way to get by justin turned to an emerging social media platform only fans is a subscription-based platform where people pay a monthly fee in exchange for that fee users get access to the content on a creator's main feed you can message them make yourself known through tips even request custom content specifically for you the site keeps 20 and the creator takes home the rest for those who have never heard of it what is only fan only fans in its simplest sense is kind of like instagram but for news obviously you can use the platform for showing off your art dancing creativity but most people use offenders which is what i do what type of content do you post if i'm pulling up onto your page what can i expect to see i mean i post pretty explicit content because i like to think like a fan what would i expect if i were to purchase someone's subscription fee and what would i be disappointed by or what would i be happy about and i try to maintain that he says he's pulling in about four thousand dollars every month when was that moment that you realized that you know your only fans page could actually be a lucrative source of income when i started like the first month i was like you know if i don't make this certain amount then i'll just stop the platform or just quit and that first month was probably like the best thing ever i was just like wow i have nothing to worry about now whatsoever even if my income stopped right now i would be way better off than waiting for unemployment to come through or waiting for a stimulus check to come through you know who knows when that's going to be but this only fan's income is very real and it's very quick and it's right now that hustle and only fan's meteoric rise into the mainstream is now explored in a new hulu documentary only fans selling sexy from abc news originals only fans is massively a part of the pop culture zeitgeist right now cardi b is on the platform you have chris brown now why are you tipping the switch man i think i'm gonna start our only fans please do it lonnie love michael b jordan's mustache his name is murphy you got the only fans coming is that only fantastic why not bella thorne is probably the most infamous celebrity to join only fans bella actually i'm getting a little angry talking on about it big name stars changed it so dramatically my income went like this 2018 19 2020. the site which started in 2016 has seen a rapid rise with 500 000 new users now joining daily it has over 100 million users and over 1 million creators only fans has really boomed during the pandemic i think people are staying at home more and they're bored and they're needing more entertainment people are also needing additional sources of income and so both of those forces have converged kind of on only fans new york times reporter jillian friedman recently chronicled the growing number of women joining only fans during the covid crisis something i started noticing as i was reporting that a lot of women i saw posting on twitter men as well saying they were opening only fans accounts because they had lost jobs during the pandemic um and that they were using that as a way to support their families as a way to pay rent as a way to supplement their unemployment income that they were getting it occurred to me that a lot of the people who were saying they were doing this had not been on only fans before one of those who freeman talked to 24 year old savannah benavidez from new mexico i was running out of money i remember i had 300 left and my car payment was is 300 i had heard of only fans and i had thought about it for a while but i just couldn't build up the courage to do it i'm like i need to put food in my son's mouth i need to do something the single mom to two-year-old valen says she lost her job last summer and after struggling to find other work turn to only fans talk to me about that first time you posted what was it what was going through your head were you nervous it was actually a picture that i had posted on instagram i had made like 700 in 20 minutes and i was like oh my god this is my check that i've made in two weeks the feeling of relief to know that i was able to feed my son off of just taking a picture well really good what kind of content do you post most of the content i post on my only fans is things that i would post on my regular page on instagram and some not it's not completely nude i do like to wear like lingerie or kind of more like like teasing savannah says the money and the ability to work from home has been a lifeline i got my own apartment i had my own apartment before but the one that i have now is way nicer than the one i had um i'm able to give my son his own room i'm i pay my bills months in advance next door in texas winter mosley says only fans has afforded her the financial freedom she's always dreamed of i started only fans in december of 2019 because i had gone viral a few times on twitter and people were just like in love with my body and i was twerking and then christmas time came around and i wasn't able to get my family anything so i was like okay let me start this only fence and that first night i made about like 1300 and i'm like this is insane within two months of joining the site winter quit her job as a corporate travel agent just weeks before much of the country shut down at the time i was kind of nervous because i'm like okay everything's shut down people are losing their jobs um i probably should never quit but ironically i actually made more money that month during the lockdown like that was my highest pain mosley is featured in hulu's only fans selling sexy cameras following her rise on the platform as she navigates just how far to push her content it's like i'm nervous but i'm not nervous at the same time that makes sense like my mom and i are very open with each other my parents they're not judgmental people so anything that i do that's new i talked to my mom about it like i've never did a threesome before so i just kind of wanted to get our opinion on it am i a little curious yes i am and i know i'm going to make money from it i mean i like your business right right right that's what i appreciate talk to me a little bit about your relationship with your mom and you know how that how she's kind of supported you through this my mom has been very cool i mean her and i have been close my whole life i've always been able to talk to her and i'm pretty sure once they watch this they will be questioning my mother's mothering skills and probably saying she's a bad parent but the thing is my parents did what they needed to do to raise me they could still meet with like morals and values but i'm an adult and i make my own decisions and she knows that and both of my parents just want me to be happy regardless of what i'm doing now after just a little more than a year she said she's made 170 thousand dollars i'm currently top 0.84 it's just been really a really crazy journey and i'm kind of excited because like i never thought i would make this amount of money in my life like it's crazy when you go on only fans you really have to to go out then and promote yourself and it's very difficult to do that when you've got already a saturated landscape of people who have those those large large followings that they're bringing to only fans and i think that's something that gets lost when people are just seeing the big headlines about how much money there is to be made on the platform the work is not only hard it can come with real world consequences a lot of the creators that we have talked to there seems to be a lot of negativity do you experience that ever there was a lot of like stigma in starting and only fans and you know normal societal pressures when it comes to like anything sexual when it comes down to it am i comfortable enough with myself and my sexuality and the person that i am to do it and then additionally is there a need then i think anyone in the same position would given the same situation would probably choose very similar people post pictures online all the time for free it's the only difference is i'm getting paid for it what are some of the negative comments that you have heard while being on the site this is my favorite one what are you gonna do when your son finds out or what kind of mom are you to post yourself like this for savannah the negativity rolls off if anything it's a reminder of the very reason she does it at all i really like being a mom i really do that's my favorite thing in the world and this gives me the chance to do that only fans selling sexy is now streaming on hulu hi everyone george stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the abc news youtube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our channel and don't forget to download the abc news app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

- I Started an OnlyFans with Zero Following in 2022 - How Much I Made & is it Worth it: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up i'm that er nurse and this video is all about how i started and only fans in 2022 with no instagram following no twitter following and zero reddit followers i've been kicking around starting my only fans for a while now but i'm a research nerd i like everything to be prepared like 150 before i go into it and i watched video after video i searched for information and articles and content that i could watch or read that would talk to me a little bit more about what it's like starting only fans now in the middle of the year 2022 because only fans really took off in 2020 during the pandemic and a lot of people were making a lot of good money and now in 2022 it's a different market it's super saturated only fans as a platform is very saturated there's a lot of content creators and there's an economic downturn especially in the us right now and there's just not as much money to be had that's going around so i didn't really know based on my research because i couldn't find anything if it was even worth starting and only fans in 2022 so i thought screw it i'm just gonna do it i'm gonna give it 90 days three months and we'll see how we do so this video is all about my first week because i'm just wrapping up my first week with my only fans being on and live because i couldn't find the content anywhere i figured i would just sit down and make a youtube video about it because i'm sure it's going to be helpful to some of you so if you do find this video helpful please do give it a thumbs up and if you want to see more please subscribe to the channel um so i can continue to put out that content and how it's been for me as a brand new xero following only fans content creator all right i've got my notes here and my notebook that my dog like literally just chewed i want to talk a little bit first about why i wanted to start in only fans mainly to pay off student loan debt i'm going to grad school my husband's going back to school and i have my student loan debt still dragging behind me from my bachelor's i want to get rid of it and i want to be able to work from home only fans provides that kind of a platform where i can work from home it's something that's kind of like fun and creative and sexy and it's something that appeals to me and is going to be fun for me if it wasn't something that would be fun or enjoyable for me i definitely wouldn't do it because i don't think it's worth it you really put yourself out there in a very very very personal way so if it's not going to be fun for you stop watching don't do it find something else i wanted to do my only fans under a fake name because i am actually a registered nurse i have a license i have credentials that i need to uphold and i really didn't want that to be part of my life for my nursing work if it comes out if it's found out whatever i think that individuals and especially women should be able to do whatever work they want that's legal that isn't harming other people which is exactly what only fans is it's legal it's not harming anyone why should anybody care really but there was that like famous uh only fans model who was a nicu nurse that some people at work found out that she was doing that and subscribed to the channel took screenshots which is illegal by the way of her content on her only fans page showed management and management said you got to stop this or you can't work here anymore and she was making so much money on only fans she's like face from what the interviews i've watched of her that was a really hard choice for her to make because nicu nursing was like her calling and i think part of her probably really really mourns that loss so from reading her story and watching her talk about it in interviews i was like you know what i just don't want to deal with that at all and i kind of don't want my like mom and dad really knowing about it if they do find out it's not the end of my world and also you should think about that too before you start one if other people in your life were to find out and if it would like absolutely destroy you don't do this do anything else don't do it because it's just not worth it if you feel like if someone found out it would ruin me if that's how you feel about it it's not worth it it's not worth the stress so because i decided to create a fake name do my only fans under a different persona i had to start my instagram a twitter a reddit my email everything including this youtube channel under a fake name i had to create it brand new from scratch zero followers because if i tried to like pull some of my friends or followers from my personal instagram it would link other people would be able to see my instagram or twitter and they'd be like oh suggest you follow this person and they'd be like oh i know her click oh you're doing only fans and i wanted to avoid that if at all possible so nobody that i know or who knows i know who knows i'm doing only fans including my husband is following my only fans instagram page i want to keep it totally separate as as long as possible especially at the beginning i want to just focus on developing the content and developing good content so what was my first week i knew going into this because everything is like from xero that it was going to be a lot of work a lot of hours on the computer a lot of hours on my phone on my ipad on my laptop constantly creating new content posting new things and also i knew that there was a lot of restrictions like what twitter will allow versus what your instagram account will allow and i had to be really careful and tiptoe around that i wanted to make sure that prior to even starting my only fans account to making it live and publicizing it that there were multiple posts because if i try to get something to be like hey kind of my only fans it was like two posts and it's ten dollars to join would you spend ten dollars i probably wouldn't spend ten dollars so i knew that initially i was going to have to try to get as many eyes on my account as possible but also make it appealing for people to want to pay money to subscribe to the account i think a lot of people start and only fans thinking it's gonna be a lot like it's just gonna be me taking pictures and i'll post them it's a lot more work than that it's a lot more work and if you want to be successful then you need to put in the work to create quality content because there's a lot of content creators who are making good content so whatever content you are creating whatever your niche is or whatever you are trying to create or promote make it good quality because nobody wants to pay for crap equality they won't return back to you so don't expect to make a ton of money your first week or two or your first month or have a ton of subscribers or anything like that initially you have to put in the work be prepared for that it's going to be a ton of work be prepared for that so now let's get down to the numbers because i know that's why you're here talk statistics here so how much i made my first week i made gross about 96. 95.96 is what i made gross nets which is after only fans takes their 20 percent i'm bringing home 76.76 but remember that just because i made 76 dollars i'm going to have to pay taxes on that 76 dollars so as a sole proprietor or an independent contractor which is what you are when you're an only fans model only fans the platform takes 20 percent of your earnings because you are utilizing their platform to sell your content after you get that 80 chunk whatever you made that 80 you're gonna have to pay sole proprietorship taxes on it and that can be like 30 35 it's a big chunk so what i do whenever i get a check i take 30 of it and i put it into a savings account for my taxes specifically and i don't i am like i don't have that money that money doesn't exist because at the end of the year i'm gonna owe it if you guys also want a video about taxes i have a sole proprietorship and i know all about what it's like working as an independent contractor and paying the taxes on that and that is painful so also leave a comment down below let me know if you guys want or are interested in the like a tax video specifically for only fans income and i currently also have 36 fans as of today that number goes up and down it goes all over the place but i currently have 36 fans the way that i got 36 fans it's it's really not easy to get fans and there's a couple different ways that you can set up your page it can either be pay to access and then free feed but you could do paid messaging or it could be free access and you could have paid to unlock content on your feed so it really depends on kind of like how you want to set it up i've seen a lot of people who are newer do free to subscribe for you to become a fan but paid content in their feed i think that that's a really good way to start but i saw just from my research that a lot of only fans models were making really good decent like a decent chunk of money from their subscriptions and then it's a nice way for this like constant like basal rate of money to be coming in and i wanted to set that precedent that that's how my page was going to be and then just be more revealing on the content in my feed itself however because i decided to do that and because i'm new it's very hard to get subscribers who are willing to pay because there is a lot fewer posts than there would be like say if i've been doing this six months eight months nine months a year so what i did that has worked for me but is you know maybe questionable is i went and created a free free trial subscription link and you can limit that for how long that link is active for how many people can claim that free subscription and for how many days so i did one for a week for seven people for one week and immediately i promoted that on twitter and it was gone and from that i've had a couple people who have been really good subscribers and who tipped me who have paid for my locked content um who i interact with a lot and i actually really really enjoy interacting with which i was like surprised i thought people that i would meet on only fans would be icky and for the most part everybody's been really cool so far and respectful and complimentary and really great which is like a surprise to me a very very happy surprise and then i did a few more times a couple times after that i did i think three promotions all together and ended up getting a total of like 30 free fans for the most part those people just want stuff for free which is kind of annoying but it's a good way to get people in initially especially when you're new and have them either like they can pay for unlocked content uh they will put on their resubscribe button i forget what it's called like renew the something like that it was i think it's been helpful for me and i've had a few people who now i've had like five people who have the renew subscription thing on so it's like even though i'm new i don't have that much content i think i have like 20 media or 21 media even in a week um and even though that's like not that much they are obviously liking the content that they see and the interaction that we have and they are going to re-up when they're when their month is over so that's what's working for me so far but i will let you guys know if you're interested let me know like this video leave a comment subscribe to the channel so i know i'm not just like talking to a wall that there are actually other people that are out there like me that wanted to know if it's even worth creating and only fans in the middle of the year 2022 when the platform is totally saturated you guys enjoyed this video i'm excited to make more and i'm excited to kind of see where this whole thing goes i was really surprised that i made about 100 bucks uh in you know gross in one week i thought i was hope i was shooting for 200 because you know shoot for the stars but i figured i'd make more around like 50 to 75 so the fact that i've made 100 bucks this first week makes me feel pretty good because now i'm like feeling more confident about the platform feeling more confident about sharing my body and like taking pictures and interacting with people and kind of figuring out like little tips and tricks and what works what doesn't so i am excited to see kind of how this goes so please subscribe leave a like leave a comment if you guys want to see anything in particular talk about taxes talk about how i promote on my twitter or my instagram what's working for me what's not if you guys want me to continue these like how how it's going videos please do let me know also if you're thinking about starting and only fans yourself i'll leave my referral code down below in the description box the referral code doesn't actually like it doesn't take away your earnings when only fan takes their 20 i get a chunk of that so i think it's a really cool way for creators to help other creators and to just like help a sister out and like if you find this video helpful and you're like inspired to start your only fans page please do use my referral link i'd super appreciate it it doesn't take anything away from you it takes away from only fans and gives it to other creators okay guys until next time it's been a pleasure stay safe and be well

- OnlyFans is the $2 Billion Sleeping Giant of Media: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to quick take charge i'm tim stenovic new york only fans it's the media giant with 85 million users that has gone relatively undetected until now the site is primarily known for its adult models but it's trying to branch out to include more traditional celebrities like cardi b and more joining me now from new york is bloomberg news's lucas shaw he's the author of the bloomberg screen time newsletter it breaks down the future of entertainment lucas it's great to see you today in your newsletter you describe only fans as the billion dollar giant hiding in plain sight look every time i logged into twitter over the weekend lucas somebody was sharing this story about that you wrote about only fans um the interest is certainly there there i'm curious has the company been a little bit quiet on purpose i think initially yes i mean keep in mind this is only about four years old and for the first two or three of those years it was a pretty small business but it has exploded during the pandemic for a whole host of reasons you've got a lot of people who might have been models might have been strippers all sorts of different professions who are now stuck at home and looking to make money and you've got a lot of people who are also stuck at home and looking to be entertained in one way or another so i think that a little bit of it is timing but they're definitely trying to play up this idea that they are for all creators i think if you were to ask the average person first of all the average person might not know what only fans is and if they did those who of those who did they'd probably associate it with pornography sex work adult modeling whatever their preferred nomenclature or whatever they're thinking about it but only fans really wants to be thought of more like a patreon where it is a way to support creators that you love okay you brought up patreon so i want to just compare and contrast the the different numbers here um patreon uh is valued at at more than 1.2 billion dollars um but it's way smaller uh in terms of actual amount of money that it makes that then only fans give us sort of the compare and contrast here um and in terms of in terms of dollar figures and fans yeah i mean only fans is now on track this year to pay out more than more than two billion dollars uh to the the creators platform i think it took patreon a few years to get to that number in total payouts i don't know what the the latest data is for this year i know patreon has also had a strong year but my sense from speaking to investors and speaking to different companies only fans is a much bigger business the only reason it might not be valued at the same is partially it's not venture backed it's owned by two or three people and also there it remains a stigma against sex work and against adult models and so it's harder to kind of be seen as reputable in the eyes of many investors or in the eyes of many creators you know one of the things that this company is trying to get over is is that stigma because it wants it has no problem of course being the go-to platform uh for someone like jem wolfie who's a kind of a fitness model but it would also like mainstream musicians and video game players and creators who are already popular on youtube and instagram to view it as sort of a part of their toolbook so i guess the big question is is can only fans pull this off because of of how they've been labeled by creators and and by consumers alike i mean it was certainly a turning point i think when cardi b um used only fans but but was that sort of just a one-off i mean do you think that they can actually grow their business outside of of sex work and pornography yeah it's got a couple of big cases this year you know beyonce didn't use it but she did reference it in a song which they said was was a big help for them cardi b used it a couple of prominent kind of mid-level rappers i would say my experience thus far this year is that the big celebrities who use it have done so around particular say a music release where they either want to make a little extra money or help get a little excitement it's like it's too soon to know if they can break through i think that's what sort of the dance that they're trying to do right now they've had this surge in interest and usage during the pandemic and can they use that to turn what is what would already be a pretty solid business into the next big social network or something that kind of sits on top or sits as a layer on top of all the other ones we break news on youtube for youtubers you

- Viral Video Star Says He Doesn’t Talk To Family Because ‘They’re Irrelevant’: Kind: captions Language: en Do you think that this is modeling bad behavior for like really young people? It's easy to go viral, you just have to make sure you're not gonna get arrested. And we're not like telling other people to do it. You say you wanna inspire LGBTQ kids, right? And you want to inspire them how? Well, basically I wanna build the platform first, and I'll kinda do anything it takes to get there, but, I just wanna show people that there is someone out there like them, and you can kinda be crazy and still be LGBTQ, and a good person. Right. Yeah. And what do y'all's families think about you doing these stunts, these pranks? Personally, mine don't love it, but it's not gonna stop me 'cause it's getting me somewhere, obviously. How about you? I mean, I don't talk to my family. Why not? They're irrelevant. They're irrelevant? None of them have followers. If they got followers or got rich, I'd probably talk to them again. Hang on a minute, did you just say, "I don't talk to my family "because they don't have followers"? If they had followers, they'd be here right now. You talking about your mother? I mean, my mom has more followers than my sister. (audience laughs) It's your mother! What difference does it make, what do you care if she had followers or not? Can anyone tell me what I would talk to my mom about if she's not gonna be making me relevant? Yeah, like, "Hi, Mom!" Now, I have a career and I'm famous, like that's what happens when you get famous, you cut people off. (audience groaning) Seriously? Everyone's upset with it, maybe because you guys aren't relevant either, so you don't understand. (audience loudly jeering) Scum-bodies! You're just scum-bodies! (audience laughing) Maybe I'm just out of sync, I guess, 'cause I didn't know you 'till today, and if you gotta wear an-- (audience cheering) No, I'm not trying to be rude! I'm just not big on, you know-- I get it. 'Cause all these people already knew me, right? No! I mean, I've had the same secretary for 45 years, I've had the same accountant for 45 years, I've had people that have been in my life, I don't cut people off. Well, you're famous, you're Dr. Phil, so you didn't need to. Well, not 45 years ago. He's big-headed. He just likes to cut people off for fun. He's ruined a few of my relationships as well. You know what I found? The bigger the star, the smaller the ego. (audience cheers) I don't have an ego!

- How I made half a million dollars on OnlyFans. Advice for new models.: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone! I have decided to return to YouTube. I have just noticed on one of my videos that I have been getting a ton of comments of girls stating how much it has helped them and that video would be my first one titled "My Life as a Full Time Webcam Model" or webcam girl. Something like that. Anyways, that video is approaching 70,000 views which I think is crazy because that is the first video I ever made. I just sat down with my phone and I recorded my experience as a webcam model and that video has acted as a inspiration for a lot of people, a motivation, and also it has helped them learn about the business that I am in. I wanna make this video because I have found a new, and better, way to make money in this industry and that is becomming an OnlyFans model. So I quit webcamming in 2020 and that is whenever I went full time on OnlyFans. I have made half a million dollars on OnlyFans and I have a lot of things that I feel like I can teach. Hey, so I was editing this video and it just hit me that I forgot to actually put in the proof of my income so as you can see here this is my main OnlyFans page and it is showing how much I have made before and after OnlyFans has taken their cut. And here is my second page which acts as a teaser page and, as you can see, with the two pages added up I have made over half a million dollars. Before I start I want to make two points that you need to realize before you start OnlyFans if you're watching this wanting to start OnlyFans. The two things are 1) You cannot care who finds out because there is always the chance that somebody is going to find out and for me, my grandma knows that I do OnlyFans and she does not like it, but she respects me and it is what it is and I am willing to accept that. Somebody always told me that if can't accept the worst case scenario playing out, don't do it and I think that you need to think about that here. If you can't accept like your, you know, husband or your mom or whoever finding out then you probably shouldn't do it. And, yeah, that's just something I think is important because there's a ton of ways to make money and why pick something that you're going to be ashamed of. So my second point is that I think that...okay so a lot of people message me or people that I know in real life and they are like "Oh I want to make money like you do. I want to be on OnlyFans, but I don't think that I'm young enough, I don't think that Guys have a lot of different types. Girls are often really hard on themselves and they see a certain type of model or something They like different ages, they like different sizes, and I think it's cool to say that I've made half a million dollars on there, but I know girls that (a lot of girls actually) that have made way way more than me and they are different sizes and ages than me. Some are older, some are in their 40s, some, you know, are thicker and that's okay like it's totally fine. Anybody can do it. It's not so much about what's on the outside, but it's about what's on the inside and that means that what really matters is how hard working you are, how determined you are, how confident you are, and yeah I think that is basically what it takes. So now I'm gonna go ahead and say that I think that the number one thing that you need to focus on if you wanna grow your OnlyFans is advertising. A lot of people think since I was a webcam model for so long that I am only popular on OnlyFans because I already had a following and a lot of people don't realize that I actually did not get that many followers on OnlyFans from my webcam following and from the people who knew me from webcam. It's the sad truth; I thought a lot of people would follow me over there, but really most of the people that I have on there are people who know me from my advertising rather than from what I did before OnlyFans. So whenever I say you need to focus most on advertising I say that because whenever I started OnlyFans I focused most on doing these creative professional, I mean they weren't super professional, but I tried to be professional. You know, I did all this editing and tried to really make my OnlyFans content like just amazing, but I quickly realized that I could get more likes from just posting a mirror selfie. I even did a poll on my OnlyFans and so have several other OnlyFans models specifically asking the fans: Do you like better my professional looking content or my amateur just like regular pictures like selfies and stuff. And like, whenever we do these polls it's usually 80-90% of our followers actually like the really easy selfies and mirror shots. So that's kinda cool, if you think about it, because that makes it really easy to create content on OnlyFans and that's also great because, like I said, you need to focus most of your energy on advertising rather than posting all of this like professional quality stuff and, like I said, all of this is just my experience. I can only give you my experience, but I will say that I am really well networked with other models and we have all found similar patterns or things so yeah. I think you can definitely do well by making professional content, but like I said, I am just gonna give you what I think is gonna help you the most. So as far as advertising goes I think that you should...Okay let's just say you are first starting out and you have 0 followers. Well you can't like trade shoutouts with other models which is one way that we advertise because you have 0 followers and usually if you trade a shoutout with a model they want you to have a similar amount of followers. So I think the top two things you can do in the very very beginning are 1) pay for advertising. That's not the best way though. The best thing I think you can do when you're first starting out is create social media. So a lot of girls whenever I tell them this they are like "well, you know, I don't really wanna put myself out on blast like that. What if my family member finds out?" or "I'm too embarrassed". And that's why I said at the beginning that I personally think that you need to be confident, not care who finds out, and you'll probably do better, but you know there are some people that are able to not have social media that do well, but it's very very much harder. So, let's see, as far as social media goes the best social media is Instagram and the best thing to do on Instagram is to post consistently, post Instagram reels, and also it helps to go live with other models, but when you are first starting...this is just what I would do if I was starting from scratch. From 0. I would get on Instagram and I would start making Instagram reels every single day. I would also make a TikTok account and I would make TikToks every single day. As many as I could a day and I would also make a Reddit and I would post to subreddits every day. I would also repost the TikToks to Clapper. I would, let's see, um Twitter. Twitter definitely helps, but Twitter is not the best. I am going to be honest, but it helps. So Instagram I think is #1, TikTok #2, Reddit #3, and Clapper...I am still experimenting with Clapper because I am new on there so I am not really sure where it fits, but from my experience this is what works. Make as many as you can every day. Now, what kind of content should you make? What kind of reels and TikToks should you make? I think personally you should stay safe because you don't wanna get deleted over something and have all of your following taken away just like that. That sucks. So I would suggest keeping it safe like I think you can be safe, but still be hot and I think there is definitely a balance you know um don't be sexual, don't tell people to go join your OnlyFans on there. You have to be really sneaky about it, but honestly people will search it out and there are ways to actually get around from, you know, to prevent getting banned while being able to promote your OnlyFans on these sites so I would suggest making cute clips that, you know, stuff that's cute, wear cute outfits, but not too sexual. Don't show too much. Make jokes, try to be funny, look confident on there. That's what I do and if you guys would like you can actually go and look at my TikTok and Instagram right now and just see what kind of stuff I post just to get an idea. So that's what I would do and one thing that I do is I have three instagram accounts one of them is actually taken down right now and I am not sure why because I feel like I was really safe on there, but I am appealing it so we'll see, but that just goes to show, you know, you should definitely just try to be as safe as possible. So if you want to go to my accounts and see what kind of content I post.. it's actually kind of funny, my best performing reel almost has 1 million views now and I am wearing a sweater in it and I am not showing my skin at all and that has gotten so many eyes on my page. So that helps a ton, but yeah that's what I would suggest doing if I were you. That's what helps me the most get people in. I recently really started making a lot of content on TikTok and Instagram last month and I can tell a huge increase in traffic onto my page and whenever you start getting more traffic on your page you can, if you want to, you can do shout for shout with other models. I don't really do it a lot because I find that getting traffic on...from social media is better and whenever you do shout for shout with other models..like basically you shout them out on your OnlyFans and they shout you out on theirs it is kinda spammy to your fans so I would suggest if you do that try to shout for shout with somebody that has the same aesthetic as you so your fans will enjoy looking at them because your fans probably have a type that they like so I would suggest doing So also with shout for shout, if you do a shout for shout with a girl chances are she probably does shout for shout a lot on OnlyFans so there's probably other girls posted on her page so you're not going to stand out as much and her users are probably used to seeing a lot of other girls. So that really isn't good for attracting new people onto your page that really wanna see you as much as social media is for that. So that's why I just like over and over suggest social media and just to try to play it safe there and just be strategic with your content. So let me think. I am trying to think of what else has really helped me. Okay, so this is so so important: networking. So so important. So I used to get fans by doing free trials to my page because that gets kinda their foot in the door so that they can see if they like your page and if you have a quality page they might subscribe. That worked so well for me until every model started doing free trials and it got to the point where it was so oversaturated that OnlyFans users would have like 100 free trials of different girls and you wouldn't stand out at all. And the guys on the site got so used to free trials that they didn't really wanna pay for content anymore and they really didn't value you as much. The free trial people just got to be really awful. They were awful to talk to. They were just not fun. So free trials quit working so at that point us models had to figure out what to do to get our traffic back up and so this is when networking with other models becomes essential because what I did was I would reach out to models that I saw doing really well and I would be like "how are you getting traffic. What are you doing?" and whenever you reach out to models a lot of the times they're probably going to ignore you and just don't let it bother you, but you really really need to create relationships with other models so that you can help each other because OnlyFans would not be where it is today if us models didn't work together to grow our businesses to make as much as we do on there. So I would ask around and I would be like "how are you doing so well on there ?" and they would say TikToks and Instagram reels and just social media in general. Reddit, you know. And so that's whenever I really started taking social media even more seriously and another thing that I learned from networking with other models is that going live on Instagram with other models can really help you get a lot more followers on your social media so that's something to consider. So if you do not have a Telegram I would suggest, if you wanna do this business, you have to have a telegram because that's where all the models communicate. So if you want if you use my referral link I will actually...you can message me on Twitter. I have my DMs open and just say 'Hey I used your referral link" and I will add you to a bunch of model groups on Telegram to get you started. So you can start making these relationships and helping other models and have them help you because the OnlyFans market is always changing. There's always different things we can do to grow and it really really helps to be able to ask around and see what's working for other models and work together by doing these shoutouts and stuff for each other and just overall you really need to stick together in this industry. I wouldn't be where I was today if it wasn't for other models helping me out. So I think that on Instagram once you start getting followers from your reels I think that what you need to do or what you could do...this is what I'd do. I actually do shout for shout on Instagram. Now when you do shout for shout on OnlyFans it's different because people are paying to be there and when you pay for something you don't want a lot of spam, right? But instagram is free. It's free for then to follow you on Instagram so it's not as big of a deal to do shout for shout on Instagram. So I actually do shout for shout in my instagram stories with other girls every day. So basically what you do is you go to a girl's page with a similar following to you and you say "sfs" or "s4s" that you message them and then if they know what you are talking about they will message you back a photo of themselves and their tag. Like their @. Basically their username. So and then you send them yours. All you do is copy and paste that to your story and bam you shout each other out so you start growing relationships through instagram as well by figuring out who to do shout for shout with, who will return your shout for shout, who likes doing it with you, who you shout for shout with that brings you a lot of fans or a lot of followers rather. So yeah those are the top things that really help me. I think that the 3rd thing is really just work ethic. So I personally, I don't really play video games. I don't watch TV. I don't... I like never watch movies. I am constantly working and I know, like, for some people that's not a lifestyle that they want, but I really truly enjoy being my own boss. I enjoy working. I think that it's addicting like you can be addicted to a lot of things. You can be addicted to video games, and TV, and your phone, but for me I become addicted to work and I think that that is one reason why I am successful because whenever I wake up I just start working and basically do that until I go to bed. I will spend time with my family, but I do sacrifice a lot of time with my family to work and that's just because I want to retire. Sorry I am recording on my phone and my battery started dying so it paused it, but anyways as I was saying...for me I don't mind sacrificing the time. I love working so if, you know, you want to be super successful I think that is vital to be really determined and to work all the time like... that's just me. Like I am constantly researching, making content, um I'm also building...I have other businesses besides OnlyFans like um...I could actually go into all the ways I make money in another video if you guys want to know that, but I am the type of person that just really wants to work all of the time and I love it and if that's your personality then you're probably gonna do super well and I think that you need to be patient because whenever you're first first starting out growth can be slow and I've actually like for free just helped a lot of my friends or models that have reached out to me. I've tried to help them start OnlyFans and they usually quit which sucks because, you know, I just want everybody to succeed, but they usually quit. They usually aren't willing to put in the time and effort. They don't realize that it actually is really hard work so yeah. I think that you've just gotta be really really determined. I actually...I have a friend that I met from my first YouTube video. She reached out to me and she was like "I really wanna do what you do" like "your video gave me hope" and now she's like one of my top best friends and she has taken all of my advice and she's worked so hard and she is full time in this industry now and I just, you know, it makes me so happy to know that I've helped somebody and I made such a great friend and that's one reason why I wanna keep making these videos because things like that have inspired me, but um. I guess another thing I'll say is that yes, I focus a lot on advertising, but I do give my fans content. I make new content every month. I post pictures on there every single day. I post usually between 2-5 pictures a day. I used to post every hour. I tried that for a while because I saw some top models doing that and the thing is is it takes a lot of time. You only have so much time in a day. If you want to post every hour that's great. It makes people look at your page more and remember you more. It makes them come back to your page if they're thinking like they know they can expect another picture every hour so I think that's great, but you need to figure out a balance with your time. If posting a picture every single hour takes away from you advertising and getting...growing your page by getting new fans then maybe you need to cut back on how much content you're posting on your actual page. So you'll figure out a balance that works for you. If you're running another business or if you have children or something maybe you can't post every hour and make reels and everything so, like I said, you just need to figure out what works. It takes trial and error so yeah. I will say that. So...I am trying to think of anything else that can help before I go. I think that it's important to message your fans and I think it's important to incentivize getting them on rebill and one way that I do that is I offer a free video...a free brand new video every single month to everybody on rebill on the last day of the month. That's helped get my rebill up. I think if you end up doing something like that then you need to promote that and let them know days in advance just so that they can prepare for that and get on rebill to expect that free content. I think that even if you just send everybody on rebill a voice note or a picture or anything that just makes them feel like you're thinking of them and you appreciate them that really helps to keep people on rebill because you don't wanna just worry about getting new fans. You wanna worry about keeping fans so that means posting good content on your page every single day. That means responding to your fans and that means creating incentives for them to actually be on rebill. So that's how I run my page. It's worked out really well for me. There's all kinds of different OnlyFans business models and that's just personally what has worked the best for me and I really enjoy it. I like incentivizing rebill because some girls, for instance, will make most of their money from custom videos or from spending time doing 1 on 1 messaging all day, but that takes a lot of time out of your day and it makes it hard to actually focus on other things like I do like to spend time with my family and I do like to try to build other businesses so I like to give myself some extra time to do some of those things so, yeah, it's up to you. I like the business model that incentivizes rebill and that makes the most money from subscriptions. As you can see in my income at the beginning of this video most of my income on my main page comes from rebill and subscriptions and for me that's just the way I like it. I think that it's passive. That's just the say I do it. I find that the easiest so yeah, of course if you want to network with other models and really find out all the different business models you can do that. They offer coaching and guidance in all these different business models, but yeah that's just what works best for me so I do hope that this video helped you and I have my referral link and my social media down below. If you wanna see me post anymore videos like this just comment and let me know. My Twitter DMs are open to anybody that uses my referral link. If it gets to be like...I'm gonna be honest like if a lot of people use my referral link and I get too many messages and I help people and people don't actually follow through I may not respond to all of the referrals forever. I don't wanna say that I am going to and then not and disappoint somebody. I wanna be honest. I don't know if this video is gonna get a ton of views or just a few views so I definitely wanna be honest about that, but I will try my best and so it doesn't hurt to try to message me if you want to use my referral link just try to message me and I am probably going to see it and I'm probably honestly gonna end up responding to you so yeah. That's everything and I hope that you have a good day.

- Lil Dixon’s First Time On Stage: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what does claire think yeah i would have to ask her where is clint [Applause] i she's out the back dixon where are you well while claire comes to the stage she'll give her her point of view let me tell you this there is she does not want to come out here either dixon can now this is for a photo now that people want to know what are your thoughts on the wage gap it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up what doesn't exist what do you mean i only pay you 77 cents for every dollar can we is it all right if we put the house lights on and claire and i get a little photo with everyone is that all right can we put the house lights on come on big fella let's go a little diggy anything any time now that's all right ladies and gentlemen all right back to the kitchen thanks i

- Abzocke auf OnlyFans – So werden Männer von Chattern manipuliert | Reportage | rec. | SRF: Kind: captions Language: de-CH Es ist so absurd: Ich chatte gerade mit x Männern und alle denken, sie würden mit einem Model chatten. Dabei chatten sie einfach mit mir. Für diese Reportage arbeite ich undercover als Chatter auf OnlyFans, der Plattform, auf der man erotische Fotos und Videos an seine Abonnenten verkaufen kann. Die Preisklasse ... Es gibt Dinge von 10 bis 111 Fr. Ein Milliardengeschäft. Was hinter den Kulissen von OnlyFans abgeht, wissen die wenigsten. Agenturen nehmen Content Creators bzw. Models unter Vertrag und managen ihre Profile - für mehr Profit. Brutto etwa 25'000 Fr. pro Monat. Es werden Chatter eingesetzt, die im Namen der Models mit Abonnenten chatten. (Englisch) Das Ziel: Auf manipulativste Art sexuelle Bedürfnisse von Männern maximal auszunutzen, um möglichst viel teuren Content zu verkaufen. Oh, Mann, gewisse Nachrichten - einer schreibt: Das ist mit Abstand das Ekligste, was ich in meinem Leben je gemacht habe. Mit Untertiteln von SWISS TXT Hallo. - Hallo. Komm rein. - Vielen Dank. Hallo. Hey. - Das ist Mira. Sie ist seit drei Jahren auf OnlyFans und verkauft dort erotischen Content von sich. Ich treffe sie, um einen Einblick in diese Plattform zu erhalten. Kannst du mir mal zeigen, was du so machst? Ja, klar, das kann ich machen. Also, hier ist mein Profil. Das ist meine Hauptseite. Hier gibt es eine Biografie, die sieht jeder, der auf OnlyFans zugreift. Wenn man mich abonniert - das kostet 20 Fr. pro Monat -, kann man meine Beiträge, Bilder und Videos sehen. Was z.B.? - Ich mache Erotic Art. Es gibt immer einen Text, einen Willkommenstext. Mira hat zwischen 100 und 200 Abonnenten, die sich diesen Content anschauen können. Das war der Anfang. Wer noch exklusiveren Content von ihr will, zahlt zwischen 10 und 110 Fr. pro Foto oder Video. Die Preise legt Mira selbst fest. Okay. Was OnlyFans so beliebt macht, ist, dass man direkt mit dem Creator chatten kann. Übers Chatten verkauft Mira am meisten Content und macht auf diese Weise am meisten Geld. Wie viel sie genau verdient, sagt sie nicht, aber sie könne gut davon leben. Hast du keine spezielle Verbindung zu den Leuten, mit denen du chattest? Doch, ich glaube schon, v.a., wenn ich total schöne Rückmeldungen kriege, wenn sich jemand öfters meldet und mir öfters Feedback gibt. Cooles Feedback etc. bedeutet mir schon viel. Denkst du, dass das auch den Männern viel bedeutet? Ich weiss es nicht. Einigen wohl schon, anderen vielleicht weniger. Ich glaube, das ist total individuell. Mit wie vielen Männern chattest du pro Tag? Erstens sind es nicht nur Männer. Ich habe mittlerweile fünf Frauen, die mir folgen. Ich sage von Anfang an, dass ich nicht daran interessiert bin, richtig mit jemandem zu chatten. Wenn es Feedback für meinen Content oder anderes gibt - total gern, immer -, aber ich bin in einer Beziehung und nicht daran interessiert, mit Menschen auf sexuelle Art zu chatten. Ich will meinen Content kreieren und verkaufen, so wie wenn man in einem Geschäft ein Produkt verkauft. Natürlich spricht man auch mit der Verkäuferin und sagt z.B.: "Haben Sie noch dies oder jenes?" "Ich hätte noch eine Anregung in Bezug auf den Service." Das kann man mir sehr gern schreiben. Aber ich chatte mit Männern nicht im sexuellen Sinn. Das sage ich von Anfang an. Nein, ich glaube, das würde mir auch nicht zusagen. Inwiefern unterscheidet sich OnlyFans von einer Pornoseite? Ich denke, es ist auf jeden Fall authentischer, zumindest teilweise. Ich arbeite nicht mit einer Industrie zusammen. Ich schreibe die Texte, schreibe und interagiere mit den Leuten. Es ist wie eine Community. In Bezug auf die Ethik ist es so, dass man den Creator direkt bezahlt. Es ist also relativ selbstbestimmt? Ja, sehr. So läuft es bei Mira und vielen anderen Models. Sie machen alles selbst. Ein anderes OnlyFans-Model erzählte mir jedoch, dass sie ausser dem Content fast gar nichts selbst macht, nicht mal mit ihren Abonnenten chatten. Andere Leute übernehmen diese Arbeit für sie. Das wusste ich nicht. Deshalb kam ich auf das Thema und begann zu recherchieren. Ich habe Folgendes herausgefunden: Zwischen Model und Kunde gibt es Agenturen. Diese Agenturen übernehmen das Schreiben für das Model. Das machen die Agenturen jedoch nicht selbst, sondern lagern es an Ghostwriter bzw. Chatter aus. Diese geben sich als Model aus und kommunizieren mit den Männern. Wie funktioniert das und wissen die Kunden wirklich nicht, mit wem sie chatten? All meine Fragen will ich einer Chatterin oder einem Chatter stellen. Auf Facebook finde ich viele Gruppen - teils mit über 10'000 Mitgliedern - und trete einigen bei. Es sind Chatter/-innen oder Leute, die es werden wollen. Die meisten stammen aus den Philip- pinen und tauschen Erfahrungen aus. Ich frage 50 Personen für ein Interview an. Zwei Personen melden sich, aber beide wollen Geld. Letztlich kann ich eine überzeugen, ohne Geld, aber anonym mit mir zu sprechen. Es ist spannend, was sie mir erzählte: Sie hat drei Kinder, aber ihre Familie, ihr Mann und ihre Eltern, wissen nichts von ihrem Job. Sie erzählte mir, dass es relativ normal sei, dass Chatterinnen ihren Job vor ihren Familien geheim halten. Ich bin wirklich gespannt, was sie mir morgen erzählt. Hi. Hi * Piepston *. - Hi, Robin. * Robin lacht. * Bye-bye, thank you. Victoria erhält 10 % Kommission von allen Verkäufen, die sie macht. So verdient sie rund 2'000 $ pro Monat, was für philippinische Verhältnisse sehr viel ist. Aber ich habe das Gefühl, dass es sie psychisch sehr belastet. Je manipulativer sie vorgeht, desto mehr verdient sie. Victoria ist bei zwei Agenturen als Chatterin unter Vertrag. Welche Agenturen setzen solche Chatterinnen ein? Ich finde einen Agenturinhaber aus der Schweiz, der bereit ist, mit mir zu reden. Ich nenne ihn Paul. Seine Agentur hat 20 OnlyFans-Models unter Vertrag und er erzählt mir, ihr bestbezahltes Model mache 25'000 Fr. Umsatz pro Monat. Setzt ihr auch Chatter ein? Ja, das tun wir. Nicht bei allen, aber Models, die davon leben wollen, die das hauptberuflich machen, erhalten Unterstützung von Chattern. Von wo kommen eure Chatter? Von überall auf der Welt. Ein grosser Teil von ihnen kommt aus dem Nahen Osten, ein kleiner Teil aus dem Fernen Osten und ein ganz kleiner Teil aus dem DACH-Raum. Wieso setzt man Chatter ein? Aus einem relativ einfachen Grund: Wenn man eine Firma hat, stellt man auch man Mitarbeiter ein, weil man nicht alles allein machen kann. Sobald das Konto einen gewissen Durchlauf und man eine gewisse Anzahl Abonnenten hat, die mit einem interagieren wollen, kann man das nicht mehr allein bewältigen. Einige Models erhalten bis zu 1'000 Anfragen pro Tag. Allein kann man keine 1'000 E-Mails pro Tag beantworten. Man braucht jemanden, der einem hilft. Das tut der Chatter. Verarscht man die Männer nicht ein bisschen? Sie denken ja, sie würden mit ihr chatten, chatten jedoch mit jemand anderem. Ja, das ist vielleicht das Fazit. Ob verarschen das richtige Wort dafür ist, weiss ich nicht. Ich glaube, es ist grundsätzlich kein riesiges Geheimnis. Als Endkonsument sagt man sich vielleicht: "Letztlich ist es mir ja egal, wer mir zurückschreibt - die Hauptsache ist, dass ich diese Konversation habe." Es ist ein Onlinegame. Darum geht es. Es ist keine Datingplattform, auf der man jemanden fürs Leben kennenlernen will. Es ist ein Game und das gehört ein bisschen dazu. Es gab noch niemanden, der sich beschwerte und sagte: "Mir hat nicht die Richtige zurückgeschrieben." "Das Video, das ich erhielt, hat mir jemand anderes geschickt." Wenn er das Video oder das Foto erhält, das er sich wünschte, ist ihm eigentlich egal, wer ihm zurückschreibt. Aber wenn ein Konsument, der viel Geld hat, skeptisch wird, und ihr wegen des Geldes gewissermassen auf die Moral pfeift, wird es manipulativ. Das finde ich problematisch. Ja, das sehe ich auch so. Es war spannend: Sogar die Agentur selbst sagt, dass es moralisch nicht okay ist, aber sie tut es trotzdem. Einerseits verstehe ich das: Ab einer gewissen Anzahl kann man nicht mehr allen zurückschreiben und es lohnt sich einfach finanziell. Pauls Agentur nimmt 50 % aller Einnahmen der Models. Andererseits tue ich mich schwer mit diesem Geschäft. Beim Chatten wird am meisten Umsatz gemacht. Genau das lagern die Agenturen an Billigarbeitskräfte wie Victoria aus - auf Kosten ihrer psychischen Gesundheit, wie sie erzählte. Bis jetzt fand ich es total spannend, verschiedene Einblicke von verschiedenen Personen zu erhalten, aber ehrlich gesagt ist es mir noch zu wenig handfest. Mir fehlt ein ungefilterter Blick hinter die Kulissen - insbesondere in Bezug auf die Chatter. Welche Methoden wenden sie konkret an? Wie sieht diese Arbeit wirklich aus? Es gibt viele Jobangebote für Chatter/-innen für OnlyFans. Genau dort sehe ich eine Möglichkeit, einen ungefilterten Einblick in dieses Geschäft zu erhalten. Ich bewerbe mich während Wochen auf zahlreiche Chatter-Jobs. Wegen fehlender Erfahrung erhalte ich jedoch Absage um Absage. In den Chatter-Facebook-Gruppen werde ich nur ignoriert und dann auch noch mit einem vermeintlichen Chatter-Kurs um 25 $ erleichtert - cool. Als ich schon fast aufgeben will, gelange ich über Telegram zum Angebot einer kanadischen Agentur. Ich schrieb dieser Person auf Telegram und sie schreibt: Ich habe ihm Ja geschrieben und jetzt muss ich all das hier tun. Im ersten Schritt muss ich beweisen, dass mein Englisch gut genug ist und ich schnell tippen kann. Ich mache diese Onlinetests und komme so eine Runde weiter. Jetzt wird's ernst: Ich muss mit jemandem der Agentur eine Sexting-Simulation machen und erhalte zusätzliche Unterlagen. "In the meantime, here is the training document that you are expected to go over before the sexting simulation." Also, was mache ich hier jetzt genau? Ich studiere die Trainingsunterlagen. Es handelt sich um Sexting-Skripts und Lernvideos. So kriege ich 1:1 mit, welche Methoden Chatter/-innen anwenden. Also, ich wusste ja schon, dass es etwas manipulativ sein wird, aber wie gezielt hier mit der männlichen Lust gespielt wird und welch klare Anweisungen es hier gibt ... Z.B. das hier: "Sexting phase." PPVs sind Pay-per-Views, d.h., Videos oder Bilder, für die man separat mehr verlangt. Und das ist noch eines der harmloseren Beispiele. In diesem Lernvideo wird es mir noch expliziter erklärt. (Mann, Englisch) Mit diesem Wissen muss ich die Sexting-Simulation bestehen, um zu meinem Job zu kommen. Jetzt bin ich echt nervös. Die ersten 10 Min. mache ich einfach etwas Smalltalk, aber ich bin mir ziemlich unsicher, wie ich mich verhalten muss. Das ist schon ziemlich schwierig. Ich habe die ganze Zeit im Hinterkopf, dass ich langsam sexuell werden muss. Aber eigentlich will er einfach ein bisschen Konversation machen. Ich darf also nicht zu sehr pushen, aber ich befürchte, dass ich durchfliege, wenn ich nicht pushe. Jetzt muss ich etwas sexuell werden. Jetzt schreibe ich einfach: Oder: Oh mein Gott, das ist so seltsam. So, jetzt. Ich schaffe es letztlich, einige Packages an den Typen zu verticken, der mit mir die Simulation macht. In dieser Simulation habe ich 12 $, 55 $, 75 $, 95 $ und nochmals 95 $ verkauft, also über 300 $. Wenn die mich nicht nehmen, weiss ich auch nicht. Und tatsächlich: Am nächsten Tag erfahre ich, dass ich den Job in ein paar Tagen offiziell antreten kann. Ich studiere alle Unterlagen nochmals genauer. Diese Agentur hat eine ganze Akademie rund ums Sexting aufgebaut - fast 60 Seiten mit haargenauen Anweisungen und Beispielen. Es wird sogar aus vermeintlich wissenschaftlichen Studien zitiert. All das, um Männer für möglichst viel Profit zu manipulieren. Den Chattern werden vorgefertigte Nachrichten, Scripts genannt, zur Verfügung gestellt. (Mann) Ich selber erhalte heute für meine erste offizielle Sexting-Schicht ganze 2 $ pro Stunde. So. Es fängt an. Ich weiss nicht genau, ob ich einfach hier reingehen und direkt allen schreiben muss. Deshalb habe ich nachgefragt. Die nächsten 5 Std. übernehme ich das Schreiben für zwei OnlyFan-Models und muss möglichst viel Content verkaufen. Also, jetzt logge ich mich mal in den Account ein. Sie hat 24 Nachrichten, die noch nicht beantwortet sind. Einer schreibt: "Hey, babe." Ich verstehe nicht wirklich, was ich tue, arbeite einfach Nachrichten im Chatprogramm ab, muss schauen, was der Chatter vor mir schrieb, um das Gespräch nahtlos im gleichen Schreibstil weiterzuführen. Rechts im Fenster kann man alle Infos über diese Person eintragen sowie die Kosenamen, die man für ihn benutzt. So, jemand will jetzt Pussy-Videos. Das mache ich jetzt. Dieses Programm bietet Zugriff auf alle Bilder und Videos des Models - schön sortiert nach Körperteil und Tätigkeit. Meine Aufgabe ist es, je nach Kundenwunsch ein Angebot zu machen. Man sieht sogar, ob man jemandem dieses Video schon mal geschickt hat. Den Preis kann ich selbst definieren. Ich versuche, alles so zu machen, wie ich es in der Schulung lernte: zuerst ein kostenloses Bild schicken und dann ... Mein erster Verkaufsversuch: für 20 $ drei Masturbationsvideos. Nachdem ich ihn überzeugte, dass er seinen Kauf nicht bereuen wird ... Jemand hat tatsächlich 20 $ für drei Masturbationsvideos bezahlt. * Seufzen * Es fühlt sich wirklich schlecht an. Jetzt schreibt er: Und das ist nicht die einzige Nachricht in diesem Stil. Oh, Mann, gewisse Nachrichten. Das ist alles so absurd. sie würden mit dem Model chatten. Während meiner ersten Schicht schreibe ich allen Abonnenten, die online sind, und versuche, sie in Gespräche zu verwickeln. Die einfachste Variante ist, nach Script vorzugehen. Das sind vordefinierte Nachrichten mit Bildern und Videos. Am Anfang sind es kurze Videos, um jemanden heiss zu machen. Wenn er diese kauft, versucht man, ihm immer längere und teurere Videos anzudrehen. Das Credo ist, wie die Agenturen in ihren Trainingsunterlagen schreiben: Ich manipuliere diesen Typen so, dass er denkt, ich würde mich ernsthaft für sein Leben interessieren. Aber eigentlich interessiert es mich null. Ich spiele ihm nur vor, dass ich mich dafür interessiere, damit er mehr Geld ausgibt. Und jetzt ... Oh, Mann. Während 20 Min. schreibt einer einfach haargenau seine Sexfantasien auf und was er alles mit dem Model machen würde - mit Fotos und Videos, die zeigen, wie er sich einen runterholt. Das sind Dickpic Nr. 5, 6, 7, 8 und 9 an diesem Abend - alle ungefragt, wohlverstanden. ich je in meinem Leben gemacht habe. Ich frage mich wirklich, was ich hier mache. Einem Typen, der mir seit Stunden immer wieder schreibt, habe ich nun ein längeres Video für 30 $ angeboten. Aber dann schreibt er mir voller Scham zurück, dass er nur noch 4 $ auf dem Konto habe. Es täte ihm leid, er wolle mich nicht enttäuschen, aber sein Lohn käme erst morgen. Nach seiner sexuellen Befriedigung chattet er über Alltägliches und Persönliches. Es kommt mir so vor, als suche er eine echte Beziehung. Was die Chatterin Victoria erzählte, erlebe ich jetzt selbst. Ganz ehrlich, am Anfang verspürte ich noch irgendwie Aufregung, aber jetzt warte ich nur noch darauf, bis meine Schicht zu Ende ist. Ich hätte nicht gedacht, dass es mich so stark mitnimmt. Ich habe es fast geschafft. Ich habe ehrlich gesagt auch keinen Bock mehr darauf. Dann endlich ist meine erste Schicht vorbei. Mit 50 Männern habe ich gechattet und Verkäufe für gerade mal 78 $ gemacht. So einfach und aufregend wie in der Simulation war es bei Weitem nicht, sondern ein richtiger Knochenjob. Und ich merke, dass es mir überhaupt nicht guttut. Ich frage mich, wie man das an sechs Tagen pro Woche 12 Std. pro Tag einfach so machen kann. Das macht einen doch kaputt. Am nächsten Tag logge ich mich nochmals ins Chatter-Programm ein. Hier sehe ich die Umsätze der beiden Models, für die ich schrieb. Ich finde auch heraus, dass die Agentur über 100 Mitarbeiter hat und über 150 Models managt. Offiziell würde in 10 Min. meine zweite Schicht beginnen, aber ich habe gestern definitiv genug gesehen und konfrontiere nun die Personen, die mich für 2 $ pro Stunde eingestellt haben, damit, dass ich Journalist bin. Ich stelle ihnen auch ein paar Fragen. Mal sehen, was sie darauf antworten. Sie haben mir nun geantwortet. Eine Person schrieb: Okay, fair. Die 10 $, die sie mir für die gestrigen 5 Std. Arbeit schulden, überweisen sie mir immerhin noch. Auf meine Fragen antworten sie aber nicht mehr und werfen mich aus allen Channels. Auch auf mehrmalige Nachfragen via E-Mail und Telegram antworten sie nicht mehr. Somit ist mein Chatter-Abenteuer beendet. Mir fehlt nur noch eine ganz kleine Sache, die mir nicht ganz klar ist. OnlyFans wirbt damit, dass sie d i e Plattform seien, auf der Content Creators authentische Verbindungen zu ihren Fans aufbauen und die Inhalte so monetarisieren können. Was ich gesehen habe, ist alles andere als authentisch. Es gibt auch immer mehr Agenturen. Aber es geht sogar noch weiter: Der Job als OnlyFans-Agenturinhaber wird auf Youtube als neuester und bester Weg propagiert, um rasch Geld zu verdienen. Auf Telegram gibt es noch den OnlyFans-Models-Marketplace, wo man den OnlyFans-Models direkt Verträge abkaufen kann. Was sagt OnlyFans also selbst dazu? Ihre AGBs sind schwammig formuliert und ich frage, was sie dazu sagen, dass es Agenturen und Models gibt, die Chatter einsetzen. Ihre erste Antwort ist so schwammig wie die AGBs. Sie weichen meinen Fragen aus. Sie weisen darauf hin, dass man sich ja beschweren könne, wenn man denke, verarscht zu werden, und würde sein Geld zurück erhalten. Auf meine Bitte, konkret auf meine Fragen einzugehen, gehen sie nicht mehr ein, was mich ehrlich gesagt nicht erstaunt. Da OnlyFans 20 % aller Transaktionen erhält, profitieren sie auch sehr stark von diesem Geschäftsmodell. Nach all diesen Monaten bin ich nun wirklich froh, dass meine Reise auf OnlyFans vorbei ist. Mir ging es ja darum, die Abläufe im Hintergrund aufzuzeigen. Dazu muss ich sagen, dass lange nicht alle Models eine Agentur haben oder Chatter einsetzen. Ich kann mir auch nicht vorstellen, dass alle Leute denken, Models mit Millionen von Followern würden ihnen selbst zurückschreiben. Ich nehme an, man kauft einfach eine Fantasie für den jeweiligen Moment. Was ich jedoch wirklich schlimm finde, ist, wenn Männer so manipuliert werden, dass sie sich verlieben und Geld für eine vorgespielte Beziehung ausgeben. Für das Model, die Agentur und manchmal auch für die Chatter ist es ein lukratives Geschäftsmodell. Ich finde es ethisch überhaupt nicht korrekt.

- UFC 4 | Bruce Lee vs. Melissa Moore (EA Sports UFC 4): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] coming up next it's a ufc featherweight division fight well there is no denying this man's striking credentials prevailing wisdom is he's going to try to keep this fight standing tonight he has to you know this is what got him to the show it was being able to use the hands to set up the kicks we all talked about the high level boxing background of this young man but as he's developed he's developed great knees he's developed great timing great counter skills and also the beautiful right high kick the right high kick is something he hides very well as he follows with a jab right hand left hook high kick comes over the top and he can put you in the sleeve no doubt about it he will try to put on a striking clinic once again here tonight i fear not the man who has practiced ten thousand kicks once but i fear the man who has practiced one kick ten thousand times enter bruce lee i mean that's bruce lee in a nutshell over and over and over he did the same thing and it shows in the technique because there's no wasted energy there's no wasted movements everything he does he does with a purpose he goes in there with an idea of what he's trying to accomplish and he gets it done bruce lee is the absolute best bruce lee is the man his grappling his takedown defense figure to be tested here tonight but there aren't that many guys who are going to want to stand and trade on a napkin in the center of the octagon with the great bruce lee no if you're fighting bruce lee you're shooting for takedowns right away or tale of the tape for this our main event of the evening four years apart with similar height and some differences in reach all right now with the official introductions here is bruce buffer ladies and gentlemen this is the bet of the evening and when the action begins a referee in charge of the octagon this is the moment ufc fans around the world have been waiting for live from the t-mobile arena in las vegas [Applause] in the ufc featherweight division introducing first fighting out of the blue corner this man is a kickboxer making his professional debut here tonight he stands five feet six inches tall weighing in at 141 pounds fighting out of new york new york magic man and now we're producing his opponent fighting out of the red coil this man is a mixed martial artist making his professional debut here tonight he stands five feet seven inches tall weighing in at 145 pounds fighting out of los angeles california bruce the drugs okay guys protect yourself at all time will be my command at all time if you want to touch love do it now go back all right let's get this one started here round one is underway and we've got a striker who is a force to be reckoned with tonight though he draws a guy who can do a little bit of everything and that guy is usually the one that will have the advantage but we know what a high level striker is and this guy is as high level as we've ever seen in the ufc big powerful punch lands now he gets back to range well perhaps a sign of things to come as he lands a kick there nice kick landed by this gentleman well we told you off the top he had the reach advantage and you saw it right there with that punch look at the angle of that nice body kick lee gets caught with that punch he has a commitment to kicking tonight and shows oh he might be out blocks the shot spinning backfist yeah he's mixing it all up look at him chopping the wood chop the wood with those leg kicks over and over he's landing these big body kicks big clutch lands over the top how's he gonna follow this one three minutes to go in the round oh beautiful shot there with the hook i'm not sure his opponent saw that one coming his opponent is thinking straight punch he's hooking right around the guard to land and land officially connects with the right oh that's a beautiful kick right there i don't know if you've ever been kicked by a mule probably feel something like that it has to this guy is landing his kick with so much force now connects with the right shot is blocked there by lee trying to establish that jab once again hard shots landing on both sides here oh head kick lanes is hurt just misses with the jet what a great way of mixing up his attack he didn't stay the course he mixed it up he went highway kick you can really limit the mobility of your opponent with those leg kicks lee gets caught with that punch got to shore up the defense here mixes it up nicely in terms of staying heavy and also staying active oh really using his reach advantage as he landed the jab there beautiful leg kick well his hooks have been a big storyline in this one and there it is again you don't really stand after you take a head kick like this that is such toughness to even be on his feet right now so we crossed the 32nd mark in our opening round 20 seconds to go in round one ten seconds now to go on the round all right let's now look back at some of the action from that round he went head hunting landed nearly got the finish too a lot of coaches tell you don't head hunt in this case he's been head hunting and he landed a big enough shot to truly put his opponent on notice he knows all right round two all right he's been very clean with this hooks on the feet here tonight and it's the way he set it up that has really impressed you yeah it's very impressive to see him pop the jab pop the right hand just touch the touch and then boom sit down on that hook he's gonna be trying to find it again you can see him setting up his opponent trying to get the hands to drop so he can drop that hook over the top look at how he turns his hip over when he throws that kick big head kick work that up all right so he's landed some good shots tonight but this is not a combo meal right no three piece no soda it's one and done more often than not john don't you come to me without a combo i want the whole platter give him the whole platter young man put some punches together make this guy take the whole thing give him more than one strike you have now found a setup punch the jab is landing consistently find something that's going to go behind it lee gets caught with that punch his chin has held up thus far got to shore up the defense here though look at him driving into the home of the body with that body kick lands a knee there nice deception there to get that knee to the target really good knee nice job of driving it right to the target getting it planned exactly where you want it right punches there game of inches right there boy wow it was a good night if that landed great punch landed with so much power so a much different approach from him here in round two took him a while to find the range get in his striking rhythm he has found it here and as a result has really picked up the pace in round two nice head kick try to establish that jab nice connection with a punch there it's hard to recall time in the past that his boxing looked this sharp he's never looked this good oh nice job to slip off the center line there his head movement has been a huge huge factor defensively in this fight you can never be a stationary target so even if the feet aren't moving you got to be ready to slip that head at a moment's notice oh big head kick and that one certainly found the target and he landed the right hand there what a punch again going back to the jab just out of range well we talked about that reach advantage as you see him land the straight punch there great job using his length in that situation nice jab there he told us on thursday he wanted to break down there as he lands and maybe time to get the bonus checks ready i mean this fight is about done he's got him hurt very bad with his head kick now he has to find one more strike to end the night he's got to be careful dipping his head when he's throwing that jab oh he lands another strike to the body really starting to connect on a lot of shots to the midsection and these will take their toll as this fight goes into the latter rounds nice great punch block that kick to the body unable to connect with the right oh massive head kick there we'll see if he can finish look at the whip action that comes from him throwing that kick oh nice nice keeps going back to that jab keeps throwing that jab but unable to land 20 seconds to go round two that was a static leg kick good stick 10 minutes in the books all right no telestrator for the champ tonight but that's okay he'll still talk you through the replays body kicks for days man i mean body kicks for days but i gotta be honest john if we don't incorporate a telestrator into this game this may be my only version of e a all right ufc after he landed a high number of kicks in the previous round we'll see if he can keep it going here as our next round gets underway he should stay the course he's so educated with his legs and his feet that he's giving his opponent a very difficult time trying to anticipate what's coming his way great punch just misses with the left hook throws a big right hand but doesn't find its home oh and he tags him with the straight nice job there by lee nice punch well most fighters can't keep up this type of aggression and pace but you don't have to worry about this guy he hasn't really showed any signs of slowing down tonight moving to his left now strong hook lands that cable inches right there boy wow it was a good night as that landed that's a big strike right there well straight right hand has been a good weapon for him he misses with it there all right let's go let's get those hands going now yes that you heard him in the last round same exact one oh he missed with that right hand lands to the body there just missed with the left there now a kick to the body oh look at the redness underneath that left elbow he is badgering that left side of the body timing his shots pretty well here early dc he's doing a great job of mixing things up keeping busy being very active well done to block that powerful kick to the bottom way to hide that leg kick here really starting to connect on a lot of strikes to the midsection here in the latter stages of this fight oh big elbow trying to go to the body here unable to find the target fleas kick to the body is blocked just missing on the high kick there look at him whip his hip into that kick oh nice connection there with a punch dc great time to land that punch plus right hand is true oh straight right can't take many of those you better check tried to go to the body but unable to connect final seconds oh what a punch back and forth we go and that'll do it 15 minutes in the books all right well that's the end of the round and the cut above his eye ladies and gentlemen has gotten really really nasty prevailing wisdom is if it gets any worse they are going to stop this fight all right let's get you some highlights from that previous round dc i don't care how strong your core is you can't take too many more of those body kits john you can't train for that i mean you cannot train to take those types of body kicks they start to really wear at your gas tank and then you start to make mistakes when you take that many body kicks you start making mistakes and before you know it the fight's over you ready all right we'll see how it goes here in this next round a high number of kicks landed there in the previous round and at some point these are going to really start to take their time they do start to take in effect whenever you're taking kick after kick after kick and watching him fight with that knowledge and that patience shows his fight iq he's very tricky when he throws that body kick come on man i need more punches let's go those oh what punches head kick throws the right hand there lee's punch to the body there doesn't get there nice job by the defense to block the shot right to the target let's see if his opponent can survive i cannot believe he is still standing after taking that point looked like he might have landed there instead a swing and a miss by lee well place kick there by lee well he keeps going back to the well with that left hand just out of range oh tags him with the left that is an educated left hand educated left hand he's throwing it so fast all right so he lands another punch there and he smells blood in the water going right back at that cup absolutely the opponent has a lot of scar tissue around the eyes he was able to cut it open and now he's just touching it over and over again under three minutes now to go on the round he's throwing every part of himself into these big leg kicks well not sure if he's lighter on his feet or what it is but these last couple of rounds he's been far more aggressive a lot more primitive and now his opponent in a world of trouble such a sneaky head kick he did not recognize that he's coming high and now he's got him hurt bad oh man this guy kicks like a mule so hard he kicks so hard every time you can see him drive his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into his opponent look at how he turns his hip into that leg kick just missed with the straight left hand oh he's got it going now nice connection there dc another punch landing and both fighters exchange in the pocket that right hand hurt him a little bit look at him working at trying to shut the liver down 90 seconds now remain in the round straight punch lance much improved defensively as he blocks the shot oh big left hand there wow look at him jumping in to try to get the finish oh nice right hand john rtc half guard position here you've done a lot of good work in this spot in your career oh man i love this position and you see this fighter today loves it too it is the most secure position in fighting you get an underhook on one side you keep a half guard on the other and then you just go to work it's the safest position especially for a wrestler oh you gotta like the output here so aggressive with the strikes he continues to light him up got to be careful here not to gas out of course but you gotta like the offense we're seeing from him especially in this round liver kick if you take those kicks it's going to shut your body up and both guys really throwing with authority there's the horn signifying the end of the round a stunner there with the head strike midway through nearly got him out of there for good almost got him out of there he hurt him badly he had his opponent hurt real bad now his opponent's walking back to his corner everybody looks confused they don't know what they're supposed to do to try to change the way that this fight is going all right the action continues here and now as our next round gets underway and man these guys still look fresh as if they haven't even started fighting tonight both of them have a huge reputation for being fit fighters and it shows in the way they're approaching round number two punches in bunches and he hasn't really shown any signs of slowing down here tonight i'm not sure how much more his opponent can take oh that's a nice strike oh nice knee to the body very nice beautiful kick well pinpoint execution on that punch there and again he's got a huge reach advantage over the opposition he might as well use it he did so effectively there big leg kick lands big shot lands big knee to the body trying to land the elbow there to no avail very nice leg kick there by league to mix it up going to the head mixing in some body shots kick to the body by luke oh superman punch is good you can tell he's been working on that whoa what a fantastic strike to throw at the exact right moment he deserves this moment go finish his fight punch there nice connection oh nice land all right well time is the enemy now dc and he's really running out of it if he's going to get his hand raised tonight he's got to go forward he's got to destroy everything's at his opponent to try and find that punch or that kick that's gonna end the fight there is no time for strategy oh that right hand is on point going back to his patented kicks here but unable to find the target there oh now he stuns him beautifully with the left hand the left hand is so accurate he's so educated he's so able to fight from both fighting stances and just inches away from landing one of those big right hands missed with that mean he's cutting attempt the size with these beautiful leg kicks big kick lands nice body kick right under the elbow out of range with that one how's his opponent still standing i mean i have no idea this fight is supposed to be over and it might not be over now but it's going to be over very soon 45 seconds remain in the round good punch 30 seconds now to go on the fight oh it's a hell of a kick right there he told oh serve him up go get him he lands with the left what a fight all right so the fighters go the distance here tonight but it went a whole lot better for one of them than the other talk us through the replays champ some decisions are different than others and his striking really did separate him from the competition he fought so well in the stand-up game that he should get a very easy decision official decision now in the buff hazard ladies and gentlemen after five rounds we go to the jungle scorecards for decision all three judges for this contest 50 45 for the winner by unanimous decision bruce all right nice job i'm there as he is your winner via unanimous decision and sometimes i would think it's easier said than done to just leave the judges out of it dominant performance and he gets his handwritten yeah and if you got to go to the judges leave no question right be the person that is so dominant that you know you're getting your hand raised he did exactly that tonight and you get

- New Foster Family Arrested For Abusing The Turpin Siblings | Turpin Family House of Horrors: {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatViewerEngagementMessageRenderer": {"id": "CiMKIVJFUExBWV9WRU0yMDI2LzA0LzI3LTAwOjI5OjEyLjQwNw%3D%3D", "timestampUsec": "1777274952407965", "icon": {"iconType": "YOUTUBE_ROUND"}, "message": {"runs": [{"text": "Live chat replay is on. Messages that appeared during the Premiere will show up here."}]}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I love watching Jordan on tiktok. Shes such a light! All those kids deserve the world!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amberchambers5422"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ksYBHuuFjDZniRbAIB_DBrrEdAO3qq-AOl57OZki_gbwo=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ksYBHuuFjDZniRbAIB_DBrrEdAO3qq-AOl57OZki_gbwo=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRZV0d0aGFXaHFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExOXdTRlpoTUhwWk5VdHpkalZaVkdKWVNuSnhVMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLWFhrYWloalBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649688701070297", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC_pHVa0zY5Ksv5YTbXJrqSg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-38:31"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKXXkaihjPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wow ! This world is so cruel them poor kids. Excited to hear about this update "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Heather-q3e"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/-yvYPIlQ__e5JD-vzyARAjTPFMGmuSW8AyNZboEWo8ii3oHeROPw8XXZTERNX_hWWKhpl9Rr9Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/-yvYPIlQ__e5JD-vzyARAjTPFMGmuSW8AyNZboEWo8ii3oHeROPw8XXZTERNX_hWWKhpl9Rr9Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhRVlY5ZmFXaHFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTnRSM2RLVTBNelV6UkNOV2hRU1RoVllpMXFjVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMUFVfX2loalBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649688870644315", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCsmGwJSC3S4B5hPI8Ub-jqQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-35:41"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLPU__ihjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Want to talk more true crime with Annie? Join our 10 to LIFE group chat by going to www.Patreon.com/annieelise "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@RandomGrump"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHA1VG5SWk1tbHFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSkJPVGx5Wm5CS1ZHWjJUbEZmZFUwdFdGbEJPV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKeU50WTJpalBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649688913469596", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "MODERATOR"}, "tooltip": "Moderator", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Moderator"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrA99rfpJTfvNQ_uM-XYA9g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-34:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJyNtY2ijPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧡", "shortcuts": [":orange_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["orange", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9e1/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧡"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hsk2909"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2y44fb0eP6TmABOCOniJzkhXjMZEr9OolX-pLfTDvVPMliJeknwUELg5OwNTnsZu22N35e39=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2y44fb0eP6TmABOCOniJzkhXjMZEr9OolX-pLfTDvVPMliJeknwUELg5OwNTnsZu22N35e39=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF0T0c1TllXbHFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExWkdjRVZYUVZKM2NXcHFja1UwTlZGMlFtcEtUMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNbThuTWFpalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649689032597130", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCVFpEWARwqjjrE45QvBjJOA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-32:59"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMm8nMaijPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Can't wait for this one! From my fav crime channel at that. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hsk2909"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2y44fb0eP6TmABOCOniJzkhXjMZEr9OolX-pLfTDvVPMliJeknwUELg5OwNTnsZu22N35e39=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2y44fb0eP6TmABOCOniJzkhXjMZEr9OolX-pLfTDvVPMliJeknwUELg5OwNTnsZu22N35e39=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQxV25WUFEybHFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExWkdjRVZYUVZKM2NXcHFja1UwTlZGMlFtcEtUMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLdVp1T0NpalBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649689087577300", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCVFpEWARwqjjrE45QvBjJOA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-32:04"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKuZuOCijPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These poor kids can’t catch a break… disgusting world we live in "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😖", "shortcuts": [":confounded_face:", ":confounded:", ":S", ":-S", "=S", ":s", ":-s", "=s"], "searchTerms": ["confounded", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f616/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😖"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Littlefaewitch"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Iaqb1RroNnV8XzCxbq-P8EsMcLT283V4HjYqNLxizqSlxj_mAaRONv3IaYrgXux1VNwh8k9zCQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Iaqb1RroNnV8XzCxbq-P8EsMcLT283V4HjYqNLxizqSlxj_mAaRONv3IaYrgXux1VNwh8k9zCQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDAzWlhrMVMycHFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEycHVPRlZFT0d0ZlFrTjRWMHczUms1RlUzaHhiV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNN2V5NUtqalBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649689192755060", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCjn8UD8k_BCxWL7FNESxqmg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-30:19"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CM7ey5KjjPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg thank God!!! these poor children, after being abused, to then get revictimized, is horrific"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@elizabethgregory"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFQVXpjM2RXcHFVR05EUmxoTFdEVlJZMlJSTVhkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZObUUyWmxvNGRVcFZXbU40Um5ZME1tUk1iMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNT1M3N3VqalBjQ0ZYS1g1UWNkUTF3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649689279318373", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPE6a6fZ8uJUZcxFv42dLog", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-28:53"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMOS77ujjPcCFXKX5QcdQ1wMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wtf. I can’t with this case as it was, NOW THIS? Those poor kids! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@CherryPi314"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rPPzdIGpwWujOODNiyMqXtvacufQnB-EDsHR7XollW0riE76CEUWS30qiA5cwb4ux0c6cTeN=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rPPzdIGpwWujOODNiyMqXtvacufQnB-EDsHR7XollW0riE76CEUWS30qiA5cwb4ux0c6cTeN=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1TXpOUFpXcHFVR05EUmxOQlNERm5RV1IyTFc5TGJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTklWR0paYldzeFZVUjBZV1J0ZWtOdVdVazFWWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMbjMzT2VqalBjQ0ZTQUgxZ0Fkdi1vS253", "timestampUsec": "1649689371294705", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCsHTbYmk1UDtadmzCnYI5Uw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-27:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLn33OejjPcCFSAH1gAdv-oKnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "unbelievable"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@meganb2295"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB1WnpaZlEycHFVR05EUmxkamNISlJXV1JsWjFGTmNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVnNRM1p6ZW5GS1RpMDBkMlJVTVhoNVlXUjVUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKbmc2X0NqalBjQ0ZXY3ByUVlkZWdRTXBR", "timestampUsec": "1649689390411855", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCelCvszqJN-4wdT1xyadyLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-27:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJng6_CjjPcCFWcprQYdegQMpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Please tell me this isn’t true, I have so many questions!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@colleenadam4124"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lZL4LQtcTZOSoFBCH2tSQGK-e1eMEMHcWpwIeNtVfg37hH=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lZL4LQtcTZOSoFBCH2tSQGK-e1eMEMHcWpwIeNtVfg37hH=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJZTkdsMlYycHFVR05EUmxGTlN6Rm5RV1J1YjAxTlFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyMUJXakUyWDJ4WE5YRlVkbk5PTm5scFNWWkRkRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQWDRpdldqalBjQ0ZRTUsxZ0Fkbm9NTUFR", "timestampUsec": "1649689399311526", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCmAZ16_lW5qTvsN6yiIVCtA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-26:53"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPX4ivWjjPcCFQMK1gAdnoMMAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "why cant these wonderful people catch a break "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}, {"text": " "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😫", "shortcuts": [":tired_face:"], "searchTerms": ["tired", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😫"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@meganb2295"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR0Ym5kUU1tcHFVR05EUm1KUmFISlJXV1JtWWpoRlRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVnNRM1p6ZW5GS1RpMDBkMlJVTVhoNVlXUjVUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOLW53UDJqalBjQ0ZiUWhyUVlkZmI4RU1R", "timestampUsec": "1649689416963128", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCelCvszqJN-4wdT1xyadyLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-26:35"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CN-nwP2jjPcCFbQhrQYdfb8EMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "breaks my heart "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@meganb2295"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHMyT0RkWmFXdHFVR05EUm1KTlZXWlJiMlJVWTBGQlZWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVnNRM1p6ZW5GS1RpMDBkMlJVTVhoNVlXUjVUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLNjg3WWlralBjQ0ZiTVVmUW9kVGNBQVVR", "timestampUsec": "1649689440771687", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCelCvszqJN-4wdT1xyadyLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-26:11"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CK687YikjPcCFbMUfQodTcAAUQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "people meaning kids and the adult kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@meganb2295"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR1TTNSYVpXdHFVR05EUmxRMFVuSlJXV1JmWmxWTFVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVnNRM1p6ZW5GS1RpMDBkMlJVTVhoNVlXUjVUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLbjN0WmVralBjQ0ZUNFJyUVlkX2ZVS1FB", "timestampUsec": "1649689471318994", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCelCvszqJN-4wdT1xyadyLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-25:41"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKn3tZekjPcCFT4RrQYd_fUKQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Haven’t they been through enough?! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlZT1c1eVMydHFVR05EUmxoTFdEVlJZMlJSTVhkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPWDlucktralBjQ0ZYS1g1UWNkUTF3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649689527566098", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-24:44"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COX9nrKkjPcCFXKX5QcdQ1wMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "No man. This is unbelievable. These children have been through enough already. wtf is wrong with these people? Humans can be despicable"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@shirleystander4200"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nH-WNbVJyeXKvT-db9RAD-gfXe_siaOID2xSoS8fc=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nH-WNbVJyeXKvT-db9RAD-gfXe_siaOID2xSoS8fc=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDV5YVhkTVYydHFVR05EUm1KQlNURm5RV1JUWXpSR05IY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTnFSRlprZW10UExXSktlSE5ZWjFCM1ZYRkJjbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOcml3TFdralBjQ0ZiQUkxZ0FkU2M0RjR3", "timestampUsec": "1649689534411142", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCsjDVdzkO-bJxsXgPwUqArg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-24:37"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNriwLWkjPcCFbAI1gAdSc4F4w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@AmberChambers SAME "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"text": " and Jennifer I can’t believe the Littles are dealing with this on top of everything else"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@CaffeinatedCatLady"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2ak9N_zWsDbcO514R47o-IqJFUKBJGlFR_zhvUiVI87qs7_Lcr05EmoV8Lx_sZO3NX1aoVKX=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2ak9N_zWsDbcO514R47o-IqJFUKBJGlFR_zhvUiVI87qs7_Lcr05EmoV8Lx_sZO3NX1aoVKX=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFEWkRZM1YydHFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyeDBiMjlSWWtsR1NHdHNha2hXZUZWdGN6VkdiVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNQ2Q2N1dralBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649689535106799", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCltooQbIFHkljHVxUms5FmQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-24:37"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMCd67WkjPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "you really excel at content generation using all your platforms blending live, premier and uploads. well done! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "✔", "shortcuts": [":check_mark:", ":heavy_check_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["check", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2714/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "✔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@c.a.t.7424"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/k_c1jzDzOA3Noeq7it4Vzu-46DzOLpySYvD4HG4rb7m_mwVHU7dY0t_IrnFARAHPChDnfLfu3A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/k_c1jzDzOA3Noeq7it4Vzu-46DzOLpySYvD4HG4rb7m_mwVHU7dY0t_IrnFARAHPChDnfLfu3A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRmWkhjdGJXdHFVR05EUmxWWVVXeEJhMlJQVWxGTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRXRUMDFPV0Uxd2RISk9ZMFZKYkdsdVNEZFZlV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLX2R3LW1ralBjQ0ZVWFFsQWtkT1JRTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1649689643511541", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCq-OMNXMptrNcEIlinH7Uyg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-22:48"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CK_dw-mkjPcCFUXQlAkdORQLhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Are you serious this is horrible "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@maryflynn1758"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzwk73fmnfDwFs4aca8l6kkQx6GyTAVAtENSyHlH_Zex_oOyaCVbcQl_w7mzDMX7MLRg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzwk73fmnfDwFs4aca8l6kkQx6GyTAVAtENSyHlH_Zex_oOyaCVbcQl_w7mzDMX7MLRg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFIZUhCZlMydHFVR05EUmxOQlNERm5RV1IyTFc5TGJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExOTRMV2QyYTI0NFFrVnJiaTFPV0dWdlltZDZZMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNR3hwX0tralBjQ0ZTQUgxZ0Fkdi1vS253", "timestampUsec": "1649689661921551", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC_x-gvkn8BEkn-NXeobgzcg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-22:30"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMGxp_KkjPcCFSAH1gAdv-oKnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These kids have been through enough"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@maryflynn1758"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzwk73fmnfDwFs4aca8l6kkQx6GyTAVAtENSyHlH_Zex_oOyaCVbcQl_w7mzDMX7MLRg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mzwk73fmnfDwFs4aca8l6kkQx6GyTAVAtENSyHlH_Zex_oOyaCVbcQl_w7mzDMX7MLRg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ4ZW5KSlIyeHFVR05EUmxGelN6Rm5RV1IyYWxWRU5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExOTRMV2QyYTI0NFFrVnJiaTFPV0dWdlltZDZZMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQcXpySUdsalBjQ0ZRc0sxZ0FkdmpVRDVB", "timestampUsec": "1649689693461039", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC_x-gvkn8BEkn-NXeobgzcg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-21:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPqzrIGljPcCFQsK1gAdvjUD5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Annie I will have to catch the replay as I am working today. Sending you some love. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@JillyBean426"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LFx6v2rS5YcSl2mmtBwyBWM6Gp0ijTFbeBoQFKdRgkKHNMprRz-UmdtWzMpincbq0_qAdiUHhQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LFx6v2rS5YcSl2mmtBwyBWM6Gp0ijTFbeBoQFKdRgkKHNMprRz-UmdtWzMpincbq0_qAdiUHhQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFFVFhCdk5teHFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnNXblpmT1hsblRHOUpVV1psWmpoQlJ6ZEpNWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNRE1wbzZsalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649689720628929", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCclZv_9ygLoIQfef8AG7I1w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-21:31"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMDMpo6ljPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Everything they've endured & they still come across as lovely humans. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"text": " I wish I knew them."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@smoore1112"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nrTQ9HDPQm4RrM9_2TEYvJmie323neVURycAieVX8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nrTQ9HDPQm4RrM9_2TEYvJmie323neVURycAieVX8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxmWlc5d1YyeHFVR05EUmxwSU9VWm5hMlJ1Y2poQ1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWktaMkZtVm5OVWNGSmhOVVpOWlZsaFkxQmZkVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJX2VvcFdsalBjQ0ZaSDlGZ2tkbnI4QkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649689735245650", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfJgafVsTpRa5FMeYacP_uQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-21:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CI_eopWljPcCFZH9Fgkdnr8BAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You're right sam"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@meganb2295"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nML8f_1OLqiOl7ucKUtgViGlshgvE1EvHIBPxvrnAaoFTA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDE2YlhGaWFXeHFVR05EUmxOelZuSlJXV1JMYWpSTVkzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVnNRM1p6ZW5GS1RpMDBkMlJVTVhoNVlXUjVUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNem1xYmlsalBjQ0ZTc1ZyUVlkS2o0TGN3", "timestampUsec": "1649689808761738", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCelCvszqJN-4wdT1xyadyLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-20:03"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMzmqbiljPcCFSsVrQYdKj4Lcw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "so sad"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jamielatham5422"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mLtei49c0Qb7QfpSyE6fLEAORHitVhNE2QGg2lh-Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mLtei49c0Qb7QfpSyE6fLEAORHitVhNE2QGg2lh-Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFFZVdkTkxXeHFVR05EUmxSVVRVWm5hMlJXTFVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVjVaelJpVlVvNVpXaElhblJ1Ym5BNE9FSTRiVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNRHlnTS1salBjQ0ZUVE1GZ2tkVi1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649689856326050", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEyg4bUJ9ehHjtnnp88B8mQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-19:16"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMDygM-ljPcCFTTMFgkdV-ENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "THIS ABSOLUTELY "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💯", "shortcuts": [":hundred_points:", ":100:"], "searchTerms": ["hundred", "points", "100"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f4af/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💯"}}}}}, {"text": " IS NOT OK! EVERYTHING THEY BEEN THREW I REALLLLLLLY WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THEY WOULD HAVE REALLLLLLLY LOOKED AT WHO THEY WERE GIVIN TO!!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MISTY1LUV"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kh7VxOaMgaPcL6MjJUNWzqcvGww1FIAc4q0XDS0Db9ljeH_WFq-i0Wd18e4MhsPxA4CO79FsOQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kh7VxOaMgaPcL6MjJUNWzqcvGww1FIAc4q0XDS0Db9ljeH_WFq-i0Wd18e4MhsPxA4CO79FsOQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhEU3kxSk5tMXFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6ZERjSE0zV1hwaFprbHVTalZrVVZKbFQwNXdSbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMQ0stSTZtalBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649689990399338", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC7Cps7YzafInJ5dQReONpFw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-17:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLCK-I6mjPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is why I refuse to be a member of this species. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kateqaysaneah5979"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSBSegkR5s-I8IydO_4l8qEl4rXxnTaPlSimEjHcM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSBSegkR5s-I8IydO_4l8qEl4rXxnTaPlSimEjHcM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhUVW1keE1tMXFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyNDJMVGxvV2xFd2NVTkVVR1U0VldsWU9YRmtlSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMU1JncTJtalBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649690053478646", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCn6-9hZQ0qCDPe8UiX9qdxw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-15:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLSRgq2mjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is so sad to be victimized by everyone who should care for them. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@btoyou"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/h2GZB5iaQffaJeMOf4VcCzBQ7NY15t_-Af14G0ldBV7jET6Xdnr9prQU17kAelOEjxgIcd0_eA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/h2GZB5iaQffaJeMOf4VcCzBQ7NY15t_-Af14G0ldBV7jET6Xdnr9prQU17kAelOEjxgIcd0_eA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVsYUhOTExXMXFVR05EUm1aVGJqVlJZMlJZY1c5Q01rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwZGhURmcyWkVwbVpXZGZaVFYxYldSTlFWUjBhM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZWhzSy1talBjQ0ZmU241UWNkWHFvQjJB", "timestampUsec": "1649690058428668", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCGaLX6dJfeg_e5umdMATtkw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-15:53"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNehsK-mjPcCFfSn5QcdXqoB2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wow...I didn't know about this case."}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"text": " I will have to watch the previous one Annie did on it. Will watch this after the first one"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX_jtLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_CAUGHT:", ":CAUGHT:"], "searchTerms": ["_CAUGHT", "CAUGHT"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/Ju_T3XlOJXx3g7JDLtggeLbHLgjqnsHgmo7BRsYJiWfZThoLRb1baTjpbLMI6z3eiYM0jKWuig=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/Ju_T3XlOJXx3g7JDLtggeLbHLgjqnsHgmo7BRsYJiWfZThoLRb1baTjpbLMI6z3eiYM0jKWuig=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "CAUGHT"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/GX2HX9DJENPn-gPcibeIBw", "shortcuts": [":_FLAG:", ":FLAG:"], "searchTerms": ["_FLAG", "FLAG"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/7oenkDcZwBxCbUYbsca_dBMcBimr8Tkiu2IDROe4_OZ4AWnjIoZhoh-uMvC-GTXopn8_Fd5I=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/7oenkDcZwBxCbUYbsca_dBMcBimr8Tkiu2IDROe4_OZ4AWnjIoZhoh-uMvC-GTXopn8_Fd5I=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "FLAG"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/yTx_X6eKIpGS-gOR95yIDQ", "shortcuts": [":_JAIL:", ":JAIL:"], "searchTerms": ["_JAIL", "JAIL"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/j15XGq8kvc_z5_4bniBeUI075xOkEUBk3IeNYi-53LhnuONLJl0XLTntVGLViblZiGUJRMlmuQ=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/j15XGq8kvc_z5_4bniBeUI075xOkEUBk3IeNYi-53LhnuONLJl0XLTntVGLViblZiGUJRMlmuQ=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "JAIL"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX-rsLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_10TOLIFER:", ":10TOLIFER:"], "searchTerms": ["_10TOLIFER", "10TOLIFER"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "10TOLIFER"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sashamaclean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ijbqcfkw6rlGz0Q-xjn_HcTTGa4SLQF9npJ3erTr9rWlWHURMEjFl-E7EE8mMf38fiEBBYXTgbM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ijbqcfkw6rlGz0Q-xjn_HcTTGa4SLQF9npJ3erTr9rWlWHURMEjFl-E7EE8mMf38fiEBBYXTgbM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHN0TW5oMlpXMXFVR05EUmxGelN6Rm5RV1IyYWxWRU5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF5MTJjRmxJTTB4UFgzWTRWRWRTTkRoQ2NsYzBTWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLLTJ4dmVtalBjQ0ZRc0sxZ0FkdmpVRDVB", "timestampUsec": "1649690209786724", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC-vpYH3LO_v8TGR48BrW4Iw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-13:22"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CK-2xvemjPcCFQsK1gAdvjUD5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatMembershipItemRenderer": {"id": "Ci8KLUNONktzSXVmaV9jQ0ZTclVsQWtkWEdrTDdBLUxveU1lc0lELTMyOTkzODA0Ng%3D%3D", "timestampUsec": "1649690230285294", "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-13:02"}, "authorExternalChannelId": "UCc53vM_ld-hzn9GMwvOcDtw", "headerPrimaryText": {"runs": [{"text": "Member for 1 month"}]}, "headerSubtext": {"simpleText": "10 to LIFER!"}, "message": {"runs": [{"text": "good morning everyone ! this is just heart wrenching , after all they have been thru"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@angelapatterson321"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/YinW9wvZMsZEHXow2pR3ZeKiP2YuV6cgl6VdGsFo3tgilLJmaUEnI71KAx87Hf9-nIv1hjBO368xcwed=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/YinW9wvZMsZEHXow2pR3ZeKiP2YuV6cgl6VdGsFo3tgilLJmaUEnI71KAx87Hf9-nIv1hjBO368xcwed=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CB0Q4f0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2pFS0x3b3RRMDQyUzNOSmRXWnBYMk5EUmxOeVZXeEJhMlJZUjJ0TU4wRXRURzk1VFdWelNVUXRNekk1T1RNNE1EUTJHaWtxSndvWVZVTlBTekJtV2tGVmVEZ3ljR3h1VEdoVVMxcFhObkZuRWdzdE5YWnhUREZhUmxCTmR5QUJLQUV5R2dvWVZVTmpOVE4yVFY5c1pDMW9lbTQ1UjAxM2RrOWpSSFIzT0FKSUFWQVg="}}, "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "trackingParams": "CB0Q4f0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CN6KsIufi_cCFSrUlAkdXGkL7A-LoyMesID-329938046"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addLiveChatTickerItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTickerSponsorItemRenderer": {"id": "Ci8KLUNONktzSXVmaV9jQ0ZTclVsQWtkWEdrTDdBLUxveU1lc0lELTMyOTkzODA0Ng%3D%3D", "detailText": {"accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "1 month"}}, "simpleText": "1 mth"}, "detailTextColor": 4294967295, "startBackgroundColor": 4279213400, "endBackgroundColor": 4278943811, "sponsorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "durationSec": 120, "showItemEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CBoQ4_0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "showLiveChatItemEndpoint": {"renderer": {"liveChatMembershipItemRenderer": {"id": "Ci8KLUNONktzSXVmaV9jQ0ZTclVsQWtkWEdrTDdBLUxveU1lc0lELTMyOTkzODA0Ng%3D%3D", "timestampUsec": "1649690230285294", "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-13:02"}, "authorExternalChannelId": "UCc53vM_ld-hzn9GMwvOcDtw", "headerPrimaryText": {"runs": [{"text": "Member for 1 month"}]}, "headerSubtext": {"simpleText": "10 to LIFER!"}, "message": {"runs": [{"text": "good morning everyone ! this is just heart wrenching , after all they have been thru"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@angelapatterson321"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nxi5O0McD4vUrT4vkc140AC5hCA9WnQyBuprIV7vtfrDyA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/YinW9wvZMsZEHXow2pR3ZeKiP2YuV6cgl6VdGsFo3tgilLJmaUEnI71KAx87Hf9-nIv1hjBO368xcwed=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/YinW9wvZMsZEHXow2pR3ZeKiP2YuV6cgl6VdGsFo3tgilLJmaUEnI71KAx87Hf9-nIv1hjBO368xcwed=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CBwQ4f0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2pFS0x3b3RRMDQyUzNOSmRXWnBYMk5EUmxOeVZXeEJhMlJZUjJ0TU4wRXRURzk1VFdWelNVUXRNekk1T1RNNE1EUTJHaWtxSndvWVZVTlBTekJtV2tGVmVEZ3ljR3h1VEdoVVMxcFhObkZuRWdzdE5YWnhUREZhUmxCTmR5QUJLQUV5R2dvWVZVTmpOVE4yVFY5c1pDMW9lbTQ1UjAxM2RrOWpSSFIzT0FKSUFWQVg="}}, "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "trackingParams": "CBwQ4f0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "trackingParams": "CBsQjtEGIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "authorExternalChannelId": "UCc53vM_ld-hzn9GMwvOcDtw", "fullDurationSec": 120, "trackingParams": "CBoQ4_0GIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "durationSec": "120"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "wow"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cicada1987"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx5Y2pnMU5tNXFVR05EUm1GTVVteEJhMlJMVUZWTFZHY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSlpjV0pZUlZWdFNtSTBlV2RaWVVoR1lVUXpZa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJcnI4NTZualBjQ0ZhTFJsQWtkS1BVS1Rn", "timestampUsec": "1649690292319669", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrYqbXEUmJb4ygYaHFaD3bA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-12:00"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIrr856njPcCFaLRlAkdKPUKTg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Child “PROTECTION” services my ass!"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😡", "shortcuts": [":pouting_face:", ":rage:", ">:(", ">:-(", ">=("], "searchTerms": ["pouting", "face", "rage"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f621/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😡"}}}}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRRTkRkaVUyNXFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLUDQ3YlNualBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649690338360406", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-11:14"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKP47bSnjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This just makes me sad because they have already gone through hell & now this"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mj3026"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mZf5GR1nG0WRGlMMVMiTJ4krHCciqW-mrnm94X37h2upI=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mZf5GR1nG0WRGlMMVMiTJ4krHCciqW-mrnm94X37h2upI=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFRVTIxMVlXNXFVR05EUm1aelRERm5RV1I1TmsxRGNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExSkNNSG8xVGpOV1gxTTVTRTlvUXkxU1dEVjJNR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNUFNtdWFualBjQ0Zmc0wxZ0FkeTZNQ3BR", "timestampUsec": "1649690441853299", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCRB0z5N3V_S9HOhC-RX5v0g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-9:30"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMPSmuanjPcCFfsL1gAdy6MCpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Seriously?! I want more info about these kids, I feel so sad they’ve all been separated; I feel like they should all have been kept together at least for awhile! Ughhh after their own parents abuse,"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR4ZVhGUGNXNXFVR05EUm1STkxYTjNRV1JqY1ZGUWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcXlxT3FualBjQ0ZkTS1zd0FkY3FRUHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649690450467152", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-9:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKqyqOqnjPcCFdM-swAdcqQPsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "to finally get out to just be put right back into an abusive environment I mean seriously can these poor babies catch a break?! God be with them please, I can’t even imagine "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💚", "shortcuts": [":green_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["green", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💚"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😓", "shortcuts": [":downcast_face_with_sweat:", ":sweat:", "o_o;"], "searchTerms": ["downcast", "face", "with", "sweat"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f613/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😓"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDQyWm1kWlEyOXFVR05EUmxjelVteEJhMlJwTjAxQ2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNONmZnWUNvalBjQ0ZXM1JsQWtkaTdNQnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649690495963182", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-8:36"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CN6fgYCojPcCFW3RlAkdi7MBzg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "holy moly. these poor children"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Lady.B0420"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nwix37GT7Oylaop4abrfZXUnz0-ELleoJ8QZNwJJY6wkM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nwix37GT7Oylaop4abrfZXUnz0-ELleoJ8QZNwJJY6wkM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBJWm5NMFQyOXFVR05EUmxGSlMzSlJXV1JQZDNkQ04wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyMXhkMjAzYlhkWWJsSnZibWd4YmtvMlVuVXdhMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKSGZzNE9valBjQ0ZRSUtyUVlkT3d3QjdB", "timestampUsec": "1649690503081919", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCmqwm7mwXnRonh1nJ6Ru0kA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-8:29"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJHfs4OojPcCFQIKrQYdOwwB7A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "And it’s wrong that people are putting it on Jordan to rescue her siblings just because she is older. She saved them the first time. She shouldn’t have to be responsible for all those kids. It’s sad."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Authenticallyapril_"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFJZUROaGFXOXFVR05EUm1KUmFISlJXV1JtWWpoRlRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WlJSSGxJYm1KbWMyNDRWbXhhWkZWaVYwdEpRVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNSHgzYWlvalBjQ0ZiUWhyUVlkZmI4RU1R", "timestampUsec": "1649690581367031", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6QDyHnbfsn8VlZdUbWKIAQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-7:11"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMHx3aiojPcCFbQhrQYdfb8EMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Is it true Jordan and the other older sister are homeless?? And what about the other adult children? Anyone know if they’re ok or how they’re doing? "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHd5WkhRMmNXOXFVR05EUmxZd05uTjNRV1JrWVVsT1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMMmR0NnFvalBjQ0ZWMDZzd0FkZGFJTlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649690584927977", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-7:07"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CL2dt6qojPcCFV06swAddaINSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Phillip Deform I’ve not seen anyone putting anything on Jordan? She’s not the oldest sibling either. I do wonder if the adult children want to get their minor aged siblings?? I think they should all "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJQVW14akxXOXFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQT1JsYy1valBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649690661964065", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-5:50"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPORlc-ojPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Their story is heartbreaking "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Iridescentunicornfarts"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AYJMrkvQh-GYm9vRg8WFOfsyqjG7W0rY1v-fPR-cLBQMMlA8eZYfS4MzMFbhV_VT7N1f_N21ig=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AYJMrkvQh-GYm9vRg8WFOfsyqjG7W0rY1v-fPR-cLBQMMlA8eZYfS4MzMFbhV_VT7N1f_N21ig=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt0TjE5MFlXOXFVR05EUm1aSlIyWlJiMlF6ZG5OUWVXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyMVhiemx2YWpSc1dYbG1YMUpJWTNsbGVUbFhkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJLTdfdGFvalBjQ0ZmSUdmUW9kM3ZzUHln", "timestampUsec": "1649690678369727", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCmWo9oj4lYyf_RHcyey9Wvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-5:34"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CI-7_taojPcCFfIGfQod3vsPyg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "be together if that’s what they want. I just hope they all can find happiness and love, poor babies they’ve been through enough "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRIYldoa2VXOXFVR05EUmxOUVRXeEJhMlE0V0hOUFUzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLR21oZHlvalBjQ0ZTUE1sQWtkOFhzT1N3", "timestampUsec": "1649690688967512", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-5:23"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKGmhdyojPcCFSPMlAkd8XsOSw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Jeez. I can’t believe this"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB5T0dwT01tOXFVR05EUm1aRFdqVlJZMlE1ZWsxQ1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcjhqTjJvalBjQ0ZmQ1o1UWNkOXpNQmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649690691190351", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-5:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJr8jN2ojPcCFfCZ5Qcd9zMBbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@Jessica Wilson it’s all over her tik tok comments. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Authenticallyapril_"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHA2YUhObFYyOXFVR05EUmxsVmNISlJXV1JIYmxGSmFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WlJSSGxJYm1KbWMyNDRWbXhhWkZWaVYwdEpRVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKemhzZVdvalBjQ0ZZVXByUVlkR25RSWh3", "timestampUsec": "1649690708570311", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6QDyHnbfsn8VlZdUbWKIAQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-5:03"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJzhseWojPcCFYUprQYdGnQIhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "What will happen to them now?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@charleyfebery1685"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k2MBvG9XLwRN9If4YzA0VF87BhAwOctBy8L32dSbG-AmH722OkziMXKiHaJkuGXf4ZlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k2MBvG9XLwRN9If4YzA0VF87BhAwOctBy8L32dSbG-AmH722OkziMXKiHaJkuGXf4ZlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR5YkY5bExXOXFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WmZSUzFhZVdGTFUzbEhPVWRsVG5WUllrRnJWbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOMmxfZS1valBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649690730779410", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6_E-ZyaKSyG9GeNuQbAkVg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-4:41"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CN2l_e-ojPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@phillipdeform ohhh I don’t have TikTok so that’s why I’ve not seen those. What are people saying? "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRsWDJoZmJXOXFVR05EUmxSUVRteEJhMlJPWmxsTWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZV9oX21valBjQ0ZUUE5sQWtkTmZZTHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649690749820873", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-4:22"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKe_h_mojPcCFTPNlAkdNfYLsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this case is so sad"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😔", "shortcuts": [":pensive_face:", ":pensive:", "u_u"], "searchTerms": ["pensive", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f614/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@katheriner.423"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUEzTXpOS2RYQnFVR05EUm1VM1RteEJhMlJwUW1OTk1FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwY3dNMHRhV0Y5d09XSlJWMU5EUTIxM1FUYzVaSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQNzMzSnVwalBjQ0ZlN05sQWtkaUJjTTBB", "timestampUsec": "1649690822523961", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCG03KZX_p9bQWSCCmwA79dw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-3:09"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CP733JupjPcCFe7NlAkdiBcM0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I mean if I were the adult siblings I’d def want to keep my minor aged siblings with me especially after all they’d been through.. maybe they’re different idk has Jordan said anything about wanting "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxsV2paaFEzQnFVR05EUm1STVlteEJhMlF3ZHpoR1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJZVo2YUNwalBjQ0ZkTGJsQWtkMHc4RlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649690833210556", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-2:59"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIeZ6aCpjPcCFdLblAkd0w8FSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "to adopt the minor aged siblings? "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJNYjJnMllYQnFVR05EUm1GTVVteEJhMlJMVUZWTFZHY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQTG9oNmFwalBjQ0ZhTFJsQWtkS1BVS1Rn", "timestampUsec": "1649690844198081", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-2:48"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPLoh6apjPcCFaLRlAkdKPUKTg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg not those poor kids. after everything they already went through"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sherrillsmootpoint"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1k7jAmSm2H0m96omrCOM0Wi9ZyDQ9xkti-3jMVIkNRw1_WB9guRaBjkTkaOZ9aRGz5JbQWNZ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1k7jAmSm2H0m96omrCOM0Wi9ZyDQ9xkti-3jMVIkNRw1_WB9guRaBjkTkaOZ9aRGz5JbQWNZ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsTlhGTVEzQnFVR05EUm1KRGJ6VlJZMlJOVUhOSGMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwc3lTV0ZNUkUxMlFqTjVRMDQyT1dGM2VuaHFibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZTVxTENwalBjQ0ZiQ281UWNkTVBzR3NR", "timestampUsec": "1649690865704180", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCK2IaLDMvB3yCN69awzxjnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-2:26"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLe5qLCpjPcCFbCo5QcdMPsGsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hate that they’re all split up:/ All they ever had was each other during all the abuse/trauma their whole lives; I can’t imagine being separated. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB4TnkxTk1uQnFVR05EUm1aM04zTjNRV1ExY0VGTmJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcTctTTJwalBjQ0Zmdzdzd0FkNXBBTW53", "timestampUsec": "1649690927832519", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-1:24"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJq7-M2pjPcCFfw7swAd5pAMnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WOW! these kids have been through so much already "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@melissajeannefoster9381"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/FauPWuhrw-Hk3ASjsxNYDw2w0uXjIbQSiGWDj5VmTyCXzu6UBXorghyBGsfc_7nAAld7rYp_DQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/FauPWuhrw-Hk3ASjsxNYDw2w0uXjIbQSiGWDj5VmTyCXzu6UBXorghyBGsfc_7nAAld7rYp_DQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRtWDJkbFUzQnFVR05EUm1WelpYSlJXV1JIVkRCR09FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyeElVMnB3YzJGd1VWTlZXSFpPU21KaVYxWkNSM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZl9nZVNwalBjQ0Zlc2VyUVlkR1QwRjhB", "timestampUsec": "1649690974126053", "authorExternalChannelId": "UClHSjpsapQSUXvNJbbWVBGw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-0:38"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKf_geSpjPcCFeserQYdGT0F8A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Phillip what’s Jordans TikTok name? I may have to get it just so I can keep up with her cause I’m so curious about how all of them are doing! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDl4UXpndExYQnFVR05EUmxadVIyeEJhMlJYZG5ORWRIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPcUM4LS1walBjQ0ZWbkdsQWtkV3ZzRHR3", "timestampUsec": "1649690999046558", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "-0:13"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COqC8--pjPcCFVnGlAkdWvsDtw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "0"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hey Annie and chat"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@DLan_DemiDems"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/iXyxzsGs_ALibup6yv9pS8RWfOwgUGkmZ24Imy613bz-hfa8yh5hpYoDun-yjldfwCcni7gyC8Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/iXyxzsGs_ALibup6yv9pS8RWfOwgUGkmZ24Imy613bz-hfa8yh5hpYoDun-yjldfwCcni7gyC8Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBxVmpnMkxYRnFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOTRMV3R1UTNwM2FrUjVPR0ZHWkRRd2NtMWZNbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKalY4Ni1xalBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691133274843", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOx-knCzwjDy8aFd40rm_2g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:02"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJjV86-qjPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "2576"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I remember when I was sentenced to 15 to life It’s better watching it !!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@blueboxer701"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nJ6jshlNDKqhciPkjGD9KR4tOUAj7tpqCNFue-vygozps=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nJ6jshlNDKqhciPkjGD9KR4tOUAj7tpqCNFue-vygozps=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDgzTjJ0aVEzRnFVR05EUmxOUlNURm5RV1JEYWsxRldFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRk1VakprT0V3eU1FcGxWa2x0Y1V0a1QxWlZTa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPNzdrYkNxalBjQ0ZTUUkxZ0FkQ2pNRVhB", "timestampUsec": "1649691133771304", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQLR2d8L20JeVImqKdOVUJA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:03"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CO77kbCqjPcCFSQI1gAdCjMEXA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "3239"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDl1ZG0xaVEzRnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPbnZtYkNxalBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649691133900833", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:03"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COnvmbCqjPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "3411"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good afternoon from Nottingham "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🇬🇧", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f1ec_1f1e7/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🇬🇧"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mandyrobinson6262"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n56-P6XsFhEbN9C8IfCIhY8049Z3o-cwWiv33uBsyLIxm9=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n56-P6XsFhEbN9C8IfCIhY8049Z3o-cwWiv33uBsyLIxm9=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRwVDIxaVIzRnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcGtjWGhMUm05R1kzRjRVR3gxWVdkZlZFVmZNR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLaU9tYkdxalBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649691135985501", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZdqxKFoFcqxPluag_TE_0g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:05"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKiOmbGqjPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "5465"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hi welsh"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@xlipsyalicex"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lEyqDOrRchEqYX581CrlwwLuE2afb9tWrRW_YRHZpU2Uo=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lEyqDOrRchEqYX581CrlwwLuE2afb9tWrRW_YRHZpU2Uo=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRFT0hFM1MzRnFVR05EUmxSSlNqRm5RV1JwUm5kT1ltY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzUk1YMlJ2Tmt0ZmMydHpXRTVaYVZneFUzSjVTSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLRDhxN0txalBjQ0ZUSUoxZ0FkaUZ3TmJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691138391616", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCtL_do6K_sksXNYiX1SryHw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:07"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKD8q7KqjPcCFTIJ1gAdiFwNbg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "7218"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hi, annie! appreciate you uploading!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@heatherdontcare"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlZYVhsTVQzRnFVR05EUm1aRVJIZG5VV1IyV0hkS01FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaG5aRkV4TkZGMGVuQTNkVWxuVTJZMWVHMHlTVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPWGl5TE9xalBjQ0ZmRER3Z1Fkdlh3SjBB", "timestampUsec": "1649691140960684", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChgdQ14Qtzp7uIgSf5xm2IQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:10"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COXiyLOqjPcCFfDDwgQdvXwJ0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "10490"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good morning from Kansas!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tarrahschuessler3297"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxsTnpOeVQzRnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkROVGx1ZVZkbU5EQldNWEV4U0VNeGRVRXRUV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJZTczck9xalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691141316020", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUC59nyWf40V1q1HC1uA-Mg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:10"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIe73rOqjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "10837"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hola "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👋", "shortcuts": [":waving_hand:", ":wave:"], "searchTerms": ["waving", "hand", "wave"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👋"}}}, "variantIds": ["👋", "👋🏻", "👋🏼", "👋🏽", "👋🏾", "👋🏿"]}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MrsCree8tive"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nRxOq0Pd9-S0FMFccx7xErg5lfoyj3JRXBahAP3hU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nRxOq0Pd9-S0FMFccx7xErg5lfoyj3JRXBahAP3hU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhoTTNkTVUzRnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVTJiWEpLTnkweVVrZFVkV1Y0WTI5MGJXTnhaVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMYTN3TFNxalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691142921191", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCE6mrJ7-2RGTuexcotmcqeA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLa3wLSqjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "12453"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "👏", "shortcuts": [":clapping_hands:", ":clap:"], "searchTerms": ["clapping", "hands", "clap"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👏"}}}, "variantIds": ["👏", "👏🏻", "👏🏼", "👏🏽", "👏🏾", "👏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👏", "shortcuts": [":clapping_hands:", ":clap:"], "searchTerms": ["clapping", "hands", "clap"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👏"}}}, "variantIds": ["👏", "👏🏻", "👏🏼", "👏🏽", "👏🏾", "👏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😊", "shortcuts": [":smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:", ":blush:"], "searchTerms": ["smiling", "face", "with", "eyes", "blush"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f60a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😊"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💛", "shortcuts": [":yellow_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["yellow", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💛"}}}}}, {"text": " Mobile Al "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🍋", "shortcuts": [":lemon:"], "searchTerms": ["lemon"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f34b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🍋"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😁", "shortcuts": [":beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:", ":grin:"], "searchTerms": ["beaming", "face", "with", "smiling", "eyes", "grin"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f601/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😁"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "♥", "shortcuts": [":heart_suit:", ":hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["heart", "suit", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2665/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "♥"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😁", "shortcuts": [":beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:", ":grin:"], "searchTerms": ["beaming", "face", "with", "smiling", "eyes", "grin"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f601/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😁"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😊", "shortcuts": [":smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:", ":blush:"], "searchTerms": ["smiling", "face", "with", "eyes", "blush"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f60a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😊"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👏", "shortcuts": [":clapping_hands:", ":clap:"], "searchTerms": ["clapping", "hands", "clap"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👏"}}}, "variantIds": ["👏", "👏🏻", "👏🏼", "👏🏽", "👏🏾", "👏🏿"]}}, {"text": " Angel s of the Lord "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"text": " Amen "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"text": " Heavnly blessed wealth health love peace hopes dreams are yours and family "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"text": " Amen "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"text": " Blessed By The Best Blessed Everyone "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🌹", "shortcuts": [":rose:"], "searchTerms": ["rose"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f339/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🌹"}}}}}, {"text": " Amen "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🎉", "shortcuts": [":party_popper:", ":tada:"], "searchTerms": ["party", "popper", "tada"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f389/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🎉"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sandramcdowell6725"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/e95ILZ44AQ09AYwzugSE6o7MpnqFK99pdjfLJl4mEJxpaRazS_NoqnGDaErqlWaVimZV5bh8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/e95ILZ44AQ09AYwzugSE6o7MpnqFK99pdjfLJl4mEJxpaRazS_NoqnGDaErqlWaVimZV5bh8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUI1YUhvM1lYRnFVR05EUm1aM04zTjNRV1ExY0VGTmJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExaDFOMFJ0TldOUU4yUmhRM2x0TVRjdE5Vd3hZa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQeWh6N2FxalBjQ0Zmdzdzd0FkNXBBTW53", "timestampUsec": "1649691147358487", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCXu7Dm5cP7daCym17-5L1bA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPyhz7aqjPcCFfw7swAd5pAMnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "17558"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hello to all and Anne"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@roseduvall966"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lawf9yWTQpDKE0MLo3587nhlwH_ppxDQse0Bw_-WWV25kHUsQnoRSTBnBBFdxj69wZBg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lawf9yWTQpDKE0MLo3587nhlwH_ppxDQse0Bw_-WWV25kHUsQnoRSTBnBBFdxj69wZBg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGw2UWpFM1lYRnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF5MUxWaTFrVFRaWmJXMWFNbEozTW5WdWFHbHZkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJekIxN2FxalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691147493601", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC-KV-dM6YmmZ2Rw2unhiovw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIzB17aqjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "17680"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hello everyone"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Teresa-mf2nx"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFmWVdoTVpYRnFVR05EUmxoVVRXeEJhMlJNWmpCUFUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZ3RXWFk0VUd4eVdraGhZVmRxTm1FeVYxRm5Ua0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNX2FoTGVxalBjQ0ZYVE1sQWtkTGYwT1NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691148234109", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "New member", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "New member"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCx-Yv8PlrZHaaWj6a2WQgNA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:18"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CM_ahLeqjPcCFXTMlAkdLf0OSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "18367"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi Annie "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💕", "shortcuts": [":two_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["two", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f495/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💕"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💕", "shortcuts": [":two_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["two", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f495/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💕"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kendallrafalo4556"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/QxpxDmhWMlwU4K8IE_wMPvq7VQBaHzSuKWHhKpzD87JjJOZFBggnwSydh1uwSJPd6ZyBj_H5EXU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/QxpxDmhWMlwU4K8IE_wMPvq7VQBaHzSuKWHhKpzD87JjJOZFBggnwSydh1uwSJPd6ZyBj_H5EXU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHAxVDJ4aVpYRnFVR05EUmxWRlNISlJXV1JuYzNkUE5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6bERXakp0YUVSR05XZHVlRzgxYmpGT1UwNWFUMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKdU9sYmVxalBjQ0ZVRUhyUVlkZ3N3TzVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691148502884", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC9CZ2mhDF5gnxo5n1NSNZOg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:18"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJuOlbeqjPcCFUEHrQYdgswO5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "18698"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Watching from KY"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bethanyreynolds7575"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kFeQL8mycUc3zgX-mY6btVqUctVMEesFH2GBegJi4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kFeQL8mycUc3zgX-mY6btVqUctVMEesFH2GBegJi4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxsTkRkaVpYRnFVR05EUm1SMldXeEJhMlJPTlVWQmNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRjRVRlIyWXpkdFlrNVpUR2s0VUU1VlRrMW1aSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJZTQ3YmVxalBjQ0ZkdllsQWtkTjVFQXJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691149950014", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQxPTvc7mbNYLi8PNUNMfdw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:20"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIe47beqjPcCFdvYlAkdN5EArw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "20138"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi everyone!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@laurarose7770"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/s1Tydm73KBq_FGPP4hQAlun9Nxf_KrvFHMYA42jJK1hOGOrSOBc2vP8HkUaGunloPl6jS5ym3w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/s1Tydm73KBq_FGPP4hQAlun9Nxf_KrvFHMYA42jJK1hOGOrSOBc2vP8HkUaGunloPl6jS5ym3w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDE1VW1vM2FYRnFVR05EUm1ObVpuZFJiMlJXUWpoQk1XY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTTJaVWg0Tm1wMGVsZFZaSG8yUVU1T1FtTkZTM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNeVJqN2lxalBjQ0ZjZmZ3UW9kVkI4QTFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691150502142", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCc6eHx6jtzWUdz6ANNBcEKw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:20"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMyRj7iqjPcCFcffwQodVB8A1g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "20400"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi From Michigan this so sad."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@joyceyoung3417"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kNUmtS8n9mHxbS1o5GqySBv9dhbj2Y5MmZUB3UtLI=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kNUmtS8n9mHxbS1o5GqySBv9dhbj2Y5MmZUB3UtLI=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRQYVROeWJYRnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkdiRGhLUkZKZlpVdHhkMjVEVkRGSGFreHphVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLT2kzcm1xalBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691153895764", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPFl8JDR_eKqwnCT1GjLsiA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:23"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKOi3rmqjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "23797"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hello from Texas! Good morning! I am crocheting Easter dresses and was so happy to have you to listen to"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@michellegross1293"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBIYXpkTWJYRnFVR05EUmxkUFpqVlJZMlJVTFdORWVuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRm9SblU1TkRKQ1QxaHZlRTVDTmxWM1gydGhRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKR2s3TG1xalBjQ0ZXT2Y1UWNkVC1jRHp3", "timestampUsec": "1649691154125365", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCahFu942BOXoxNB6Uw_kaCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:23"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJGk7LmqjPcCFWOf5QcdT-cDzw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "23997"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good morning from canada"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@lindasplace2727"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_leFFe8KMeL6dviJz4lflNtiouNm3lwAszN8UUFbfSwdMLOPurEgsecMSCzM5JDe-AUAA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_leFFe8KMeL6dviJz4lflNtiouNm3lwAszN8UUFbfSwdMLOPurEgsecMSCzM5JDe-AUAA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1V2pKTWNYRnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwb3RlR3hyVFRnNVkxZERWa2R4WVRocGFIUkhTMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMbloyTHFxalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691155901663", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCJ-xlkM89cWCVGqa8ihtGKA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLnZ2LqqjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "25467"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I freaking LOVE your shirt!!!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF5WmpVM2NYRnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcmY1N3FxalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691156148220", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMrf57qqjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "25672"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi Annie Elise... from South Africa"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🌻", "shortcuts": [":sunflower:"], "searchTerms": ["sunflower"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f33b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🌻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🌻", "shortcuts": [":sunflower:"], "searchTerms": ["sunflower"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f33b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🌻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🌻", "shortcuts": [":sunflower:"], "searchTerms": ["sunflower"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f33b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🌻"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LidaLive"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ks9keDAv1UD4GiMDBV4NlLSCB9iduN1yZ9F9XIWB1c91A4NMvXZ1MhiiEq_mMm-TKC8jixBxIQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ks9keDAv1UD4GiMDBV4NlLSCB9iduN1yZ9F9XIWB1c91A4NMvXZ1MhiiEq_mMm-TKC8jixBxIQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFJUW5CaWRYRnFVR05EUmxaM1N6Rm5RV1ExYnpSRVZYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVnRhbE0zV1dWalpsWkJhV3hIZWs1dlpVeEdVbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNSEJwYnVxalBjQ0ZWd0sxZ0FkNW80RFV3", "timestampUsec": "1649691157160193", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCumjS7YecfVAilGzNoeLFRw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:26"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMHBpbuqjPcCFVwK1gAd5o4DUw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "26710"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'll Foster them here in Ohio. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💁‍♀", "shortcuts": [":woman_tipping_hand:"], "searchTerms": ["woman", "tipping", "hand"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f481_200d_2640/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💁‍♀"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@smoore1112"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nrTQ9HDPQm4RrM9_2TEYvJmie323neVURycAieVX8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nrTQ9HDPQm4RrM9_2TEYvJmie323neVURycAieVX8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF5WVRaTWVYRnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWktaMkZtVm5OVWNGSmhOVVpOWlZsaFkxQmZkVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQMmE2THlxalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691160350118", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfJgafVsTpRa5FMeYacP_uQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:29"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CP2a6LyqjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "29928"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg where is that shirt from Annie?????"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ashleyklover"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVFVDNweU1uRnFVR05EUmxWTVMzZFJiMlJUYkRoSk5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyNUxXbXBWZG05cVh5MVJYMmd3ZFZaaFdsOVFRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNORE96cjJxalBjQ0ZVTEt3UW9kU2w4STVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691162027908", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCnKZjUvoj_-Q_h0uVaZ_PCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:31"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNDOzr2qjPcCFULKwQodSl8I5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "31125"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is horrible. These kids have been through so much already. I can not imagine how they are feeling right now. Did these people think they would not get caught"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@constancehadley3091"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k1Xp3OrktpqNwGhtbo6zA1N8xZfM2-ivxM7ptxl7Dd_E2Ehrne9RE1y1nc08gin6WZJg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k1Xp3OrktpqNwGhtbo6zA1N8xZfM2-ivxM7ptxl7Dd_E2Ehrne9RE1y1nc08gin6WZJg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBoV25BNFEzRnFVR05EUmxwVFlUVlJZMlJKY0hkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnpWbE00VFVkdlEwdExVMFF4U21wUVFVZE9XbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKYVpwOENxalBjQ0ZaU2E1UWNkSXB3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691167673540", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAsVS8MGoCKKSD1JjPAGNZw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:36"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJaZp8CqjPcCFZSa5QcdIpwMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "36583"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You look LOVELY! That color is stunning on you girl!!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💖", "shortcuts": [":sparkling_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["sparkling", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f496/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💖"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFZVTNkelEzRnFVR05EUm1aMmFUUjNZMlF0WjNkSFRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNWFN3c0NxalBjQ0Zmdmk0d2NkLWd3R01R", "timestampUsec": "1649691168123272", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:37"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMXSwsCqjPcCFfvi4wcd-gwGMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "37017"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "girl I love that shirt on you!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bobbirae3379"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Eo69CoaCbNUGSOcMJvI0WD_bztwvVKbZPHPiIAD3Uq5VdWp6ocGNL0D1KQXVyMALKczYoIk67w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Eo69CoaCbNUGSOcMJvI0WD_bztwvVKbZPHPiIAD3Uq5VdWp6ocGNL0D1KQXVyMALKczYoIk67w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUIxTUhSelMzRnFVR05EUmxSVVRVWm5hMlJXTFVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwUnVVRkl0YURKUFdrZHlSV3RFV0dJNVQwMU5WR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQdTB0c0txalBjQ0ZUVE1GZ2tkVi1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691172117192", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCDnPR-h2OZGrEkDXb9OMMTg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:41"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPu0tsKqjPcCFTTMFgkdV-ENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "41211"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Just saw this pop up here from Illinois "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlmVWpsalQzRnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPX1I5Y09xalBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691175250210", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:44"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CO_R9cOqjPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "44367"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Horrible what happened to those kids!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tarrahschuessler3297"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJQV0dsalUzRnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkROVGx1ZVZkbU5EQldNWEV4U0VNeGRVRXRUV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQT1hpY1NxalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691175570457", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUC59nyWf40V1q1HC1uA-Mg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:44"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPOXicSqjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "44593"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I’m in shock , those poor kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@emjayc9584"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/um0KPs36VytAfFRpypr0-_Zh2zesVK66bqxwflRF_lvcjseU4bueXbbR3xL6SPPDn2vbm828=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/um0KPs36VytAfFRpypr0-_Zh2zesVK66bqxwflRF_lvcjseU4bueXbbR3xL6SPPDn2vbm828=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFYTURKallYRnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VlhaRGh6Y0VoaVNubHNOREJWYjBOd1pVWllWSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNVzAyY2FxalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691181079152", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5Wd8spHbJyl40UoCpeFXTw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:51"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMW02caqjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "51253"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good Morning from Ontario Canada"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ASunflowerday"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lO1bg78qyz0HR_ZIH8s5qeSfzYr9fVSd1DukOaqgMnQ42rwYpPYWufcdbL9Z9Zby0O7g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lO1bg78qyz0HR_ZIH8s5qeSfzYr9fVSd1DukOaqgMnQ42rwYpPYWufcdbL9Z9Zby0O7g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF1TW1vNFpYRnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEybG9WVGhRZFU5RFdIWlhaMDlYV21acE1GVTBWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNbjJqOGVxalBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691181972347", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCihU8PuOCXvWgOWZfi0U4WQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:52"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMn2j8eqjPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "52178"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Annie, thank you for everything you do"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TheAngrysmurfette"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB1ZDIxTmJYRnFVR05EUmxGTlN6Rm5RV1J1YjAxTlFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSnRXRFpuTmtadmVWbFJSV0ZNUjNsd1lXbEVjMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKbndtTW1xalBjQ0ZRTUsxZ0Fkbm9NTUFR", "timestampUsec": "1649691186313302", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrmX6g6FoyYQEaLGypaiDsQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CJnwmMmqjPcCFQMK1gAdnoMMAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "55670"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Finally get to watch one live! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💗", "shortcuts": [":growing_heart:", ":heartpulse:"], "searchTerms": ["growing", "heart", "heartpulse"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f497/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💗"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Helloskyyt321"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFUT0RWemFYRnFVR05EUmxwVFlUVlJZMlJKY0hkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwbFJTMVF0UVY5clQyWk5MVkZyTUZJNFoxOTViRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNUzg1c2lxalBjQ0ZaU2E1UWNkSXB3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691185487493", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCIQKT-A_kOfM-Qk0R8g_ylA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMS85siqjPcCFZSa5QcdIpwMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "55737"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I love her shirt too"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlmV1RrNGFYRnFVR05EUmxGNWRUVlJZMlE0VFVsR01sRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPX1k5OGlxalBjQ0ZReXU1UWNkOE1JRjJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691185769653", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "0:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CO_Y98iqjPcCFQyu5Qcd8MIF2Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "55970"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "that shirt is "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥰", "shortcuts": [":smiling_face_with_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["smiling", "face", "with", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f970/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥰"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFVTUhSTmRYRnFVR05EUm1ObVpuZFJiMlJXUWpoQk1XY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNVDB0TXVxalBjQ0ZjZmZ3UW9kVkI4QTFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691190966906", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:00"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMT0tMuqjPcCFcffwQodVB8A1g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "60333"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "awful case :("}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxoZDNwMFEzRnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJYXd6dENxalBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691201869884", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:11"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CIawztCqjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "71113"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@Ashley... agree... beautiful top"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧡", "shortcuts": [":orange_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["orange", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9e1/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧡"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧡", "shortcuts": [":orange_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["orange", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9e1/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧡"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧡", "shortcuts": [":orange_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["orange", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9e1/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧡"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LidaLive"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ks9keDAv1UD4GiMDBV4NlLSCB9iduN1yZ9F9XIWB1c91A4NMvXZ1MhiiEq_mMm-TKC8jixBxIQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ks9keDAv1UD4GiMDBV4NlLSCB9iduN1yZ9F9XIWB1c91A4NMvXZ1MhiiEq_mMm-TKC8jixBxIQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDV0U0drNVIzRnFVR05EUm1WelNERm5RV1JFT1dOR1ZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVnRhbE0zV1dWalpsWkJhV3hIZWs1dlpVeEdVbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNObUhpOUdxalBjQ0Zlc0gxZ0FkRDljRlZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691202864137", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCumjS7YecfVAilGzNoeLFRw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNmHi9GqjPcCFesH1gAdD9cFVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "72229"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I freaking LOVE your shirt!!!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUI1VmpnNVUzRnFVR05EUmxSdFp6VlJZMlJQZUdkTllrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQeVY4OVNxalBjQ0ZUbWc1UWNkT3hnTWJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691210861353", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:20"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPyV89SqjPcCFTmg5QcdOxgMbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "80707"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hey from NH USA"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TheAngrysmurfette"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVoY0cwNVlYRnFVR05EUmxGWlN6Rm5RV1I2WVVsQ2NYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSnRXRFpuTmtadmVWbFJSV0ZNUjNsd1lXbEVjMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYXBtOWFxalBjQ0ZRWUsxZ0FkemFJQnF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691213616390", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrmX6g6FoyYQEaLGypaiDsQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:23"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNapm9aqjPcCFQYK1gAdzaIBqw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "83446"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg so saaaddd ughhhh those babies"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@katheriner.423"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRwWVRZNVlYRnFVR05EUmxZd05uTjNRV1JrWVVsT1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwY3dNMHRhV0Y5d09XSlJWMU5EUTIxM1FUYzVaSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLaWE2OWFxalBjQ0ZWMDZzd0FkZGFJTlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691214925131", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCG03KZX_p9bQWSCCmwA79dw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:24"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKia69aqjPcCFV06swAddaINSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "84763"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Your shirt rocks! You need a butterfly crochet top! You would look adorable in it !"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@michellegross1293"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlIUVhkMGFYRnFVR05EUm1KRGJ6VlJZMlJOVUhOSGMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRm9SblU1TkRKQ1QxaHZlRTVDTmxWM1gydGhRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPR0F3dGlxalBjQ0ZiQ281UWNkTVBzR3NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691218444444", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCahFu942BOXoxNB6Uw_kaCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:27"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COGAwtiqjPcCFbCo5QcdMPsGsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "87869"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Greetings from Eagle River, Alaska"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kalena7126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lZp-_8BSU9yuwiQW3Qf6m6KI4uM06p54UVur0rhMDqjhI=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lZp-_8BSU9yuwiQW3Qf6m6KI4uM06p54UVur0rhMDqjhI=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDgyZW1kMVlYRnFVR05EUm1aalRuSlJXV1JIVDJ0SlUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SnhTRWhZUzJ0SFZGWlJVbXhVWnpCU00wTjZVV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPNnpndWFxalBjQ0ZmY05yUVlkR09rSVNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691246762546", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC2qHHXKkGTVQRlTg0R3CzQg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:56"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CO6zguaqjPcCFfcNrQYdGOkISA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "116624"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tvcat3665"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSE4NyJlKZ7ezVPluynEQsSLpMXGvk_fpci97jsu5NeQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSE4NyJlKZ7ezVPluynEQsSLpMXGvk_fpci97jsu5NeQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh5ZFRkbFlYRnFVR05EUmxkUFpqVlJZMlJVTFdORWVuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWXRiMlpxV25Zd2VYa3RNVlp2YjB0dFJtVk5TMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMcnU3ZWFxalBjQ0ZXT2Y1UWNkVC1jRHp3", "timestampUsec": "1649691248523086", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCf-ofjZv0yy-1VooKmFeMKg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "1:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLru7eaqjPcCFWOf5QcdT-cDzw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "118412"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG, YA’LL…. I LITERALLY CANNOT WITH THIS CASE.. it makes me physically iLL "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@melodypruitt993"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/gSHO9m0BWvjWCdrNdEfb0HkBpyYxHeXgYF-ge8vvuHwDrVcbWqe7JoajetZB8bca4YGDWPJM8g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/gSHO9m0BWvjWCdrNdEfb0HkBpyYxHeXgYF-ge8vvuHwDrVcbWqe7JoajetZB8bca4YGDWPJM8g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFQZEdsbGVYRnFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUnlTRkJHTFdkbFVtaEdVVWxJTVZKMmQweHJZVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNT3RpZXlxalBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691259459311", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdrHPF-geRhFQIH1RvwLkaQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:08"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CMOtieyqjPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "128583"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Everyone’s LOVING on your Shirt girl! Looks beautiful "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MJeanJellyBean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJRVFRobGVYRnFVR05EUmxoVVRXeEJhMlJNWmpCUFUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UmxNbUZxVVRsMk1rVm9UVXhyTWtwbGFVTmhkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQUE04ZXlxalBjQ0ZYVE1sQWtkTGYwT1NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691261167283", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4e2ajQ9v2EhMLk2JeiCavw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:10"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPPM8eyqjPcCFXTMlAkdLf0OSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "130291"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNMZi0zTzJxalBjQ0ZiQUkxZ0FkU2M0RjR3", "timestampUsec": "1649691262926675"}}, "clientId": "CLf-3O2qjPcCFbAI1gAdSc4F4w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "132046"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thank you guys so much! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDl0V0hkbExYRnFVR05EUmxGSlMzSlJXV1JQZDNkQ04wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPbVh3ZS1xalBjQ0ZRSUtyUVlkT3d3QjdB", "timestampUsec": "1649691266683676", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:16"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COmXwe-qjPcCFQIKrQYdOwwB7A", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "136767"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "how can they be put with a family like this"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@orlalolo4585"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDk2Y25SZlEzRnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUjVaVVF6UlV0M1ZFUTVRMUp5ZEVkNU5rbGxlR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPenJ0X0NxalBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691268609575", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdyeD3EKwTD9CRrtGy6Iexg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:18"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COzrt_CqjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "138673"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You are looking hot!! That shirt..."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJxWnpWMlEzRnFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQamc1dkNxalBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649691269378215", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:19"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CPjg5vCqjPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "139403"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So sad how they were failed by the state!!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tarrahschuessler3297"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nfn94afe_Nia1wgQ6ebO_XpGf3hKS54S-cMPf0Ekr6Aqo=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlsYmpSMlIzRnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkROVGx1ZVZkbU5EQldNWEV4U0VNeGRVRXRUV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPZW40dkdxalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691271402511", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUC59nyWf40V1q1HC1uA-Mg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:20"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "COen4vGqjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "140312"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg that's horrific! the foster home too :("}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVRU0c5UVMzRnFVR05EUm1OdlNERm5RV1JYTVVsS1UxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOUEhvUEtxalBjQ0Zjb0gxZ0FkVzFJSlNR", "timestampUsec": "1649691272422407", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CNPHoPKqjPcCFcoH1gAdW1IJSQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "141355"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is just awful! Those poor kids!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@michellegross1293"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhUY25OZlMzRnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRm9SblU1TkRKQ1QxaHZlRTVDTmxWM1gydGhRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMU3JzX0txalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691272730073", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCahFu942BOXoxNB6Uw_kaCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CLSrs_KqjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "141668"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "not to mention the siblings that were of age the were forced to survive and find somewhere to live with no help"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@katheriner.423"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04ygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRwY0MxMlYzRnFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwY3dNMHRhV0Y5d09XSlJWMU5EUTIxM1FUYzVaSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLaXAtdldxalBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649691280184505", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCG03KZX_p9bQWSCCmwA79dw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:29"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI1cjIkcGNlAMVibRjBh3nog04"}}, "clientId": "CKip-vWqjPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "149818"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "these poor kids will never trust anyone"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SoloMCFC-82"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVsVG5KMmFYRnFVR05EUm1OdlNERm5RV1JYTVVsS1UxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnRVRmhaZHpFME9UVmZTV3RNUWxkalRWbHNjWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZU5ydmlxalBjQ0Zjb0gxZ0FkVzFJSlNR", "timestampUsec": "1649691285227265", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcmPXYw1495_IkLBWcMYlqw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:33"}}}, "clientId": "CNeNrviqjPcCFcoH1gAdW1IJSQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "153933"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I’m like wtf…"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥺", "shortcuts": [":pleading_face:"], "searchTerms": ["pleading", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f97a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥺"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😶", "shortcuts": [":face_without_mouth:", ":no_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "without", "mouth", "no"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f636/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😶"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😔", "shortcuts": [":pensive_face:", ":pensive:", "u_u"], "searchTerms": ["pensive", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f614/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😞", "shortcuts": [":disappointed_face:", ":disappointed:", ":(", ":-(", "=("], "searchTerms": ["disappointed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f61e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😞"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"text": " These poor kids go through this abuse AGAIN BY A NEW FAMILY!!!???? "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😣", "shortcuts": [":persevering_face:", ":persevere:"], "searchTerms": ["persevering", "face", "persevere"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f623/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😣"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥺", "shortcuts": [":pleading_face:"], "searchTerms": ["pleading", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f97a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥺"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧐", "shortcuts": [":face_with_monocle:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "monocle"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9d0/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧐"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlsVlhaMmJYRnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPZVV2dm1xalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691287587468", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:36"}}}, "clientId": "COeUvvmqjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "156737"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This makes me sick!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxNWVhGUWNYRnFVR05EUmxZd05uTjNRV1JrWVVsT1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJTGFxUHFxalBjQ0ZWMDZzd0FkZGFJTlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691289333087", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:38"}}}, "clientId": "CILaqPqqjPcCFV06swAddaINSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "158396"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg! chains wtf "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ashleyklover"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhVTkRaZkxYRnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyNUxXbXBWZG05cVh5MVJYMmd3ZFZaaFdsOVFRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMVDQ2Xy1xalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691300920483", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCnKZjUvoj_-Q_h0uVaZ_PCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:50"}}}, "clientId": "CLT46_-qjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "170767"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Those poor children "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😞", "shortcuts": [":disappointed_face:", ":disappointed:", ":(", ":-(", "=("], "searchTerms": ["disappointed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f61e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😞"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@staceyjohnson2929"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n8N5iVpuC8jcnbesCW1utjKA1RDfqdwMOgXgYicnY=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n8N5iVpuC8jcnbesCW1utjKA1RDfqdwMOgXgYicnY=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlMVTNKdlEzSnFVR05EUmxaeFdEVlJZMlJGVnpoRlZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcHFabWhtZDFNMlYxcERZMmxpZEU1Sk0zQndjSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPS1Nyb0NyalBjQ0ZWcVg1UWNkRVc4RVVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691302005137", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzjfhfwS6WZCcibtNI3pppw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:51"}}}, "clientId": "COKSroCrjPcCFVqX5QcdEW8EUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "171809"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Off topic but cute shirt Annie "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@back2good474"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/8Qa6HoxCvEft1tQGxh3kLrQyFROAf3c7Qb_svXsPlX_fG_CMoY4-_yS4QcmAkPbvIBbM3RL_0g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/8Qa6HoxCvEft1tQGxh3kLrQyFROAf3c7Qb_svXsPlX_fG_CMoY4-_yS4QcmAkPbvIBbM3RL_0g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR0YWprMFIzSnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WndWM2xUUlhKTlFrUmxWbmRwVEUwMmVXY3lia0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLbWo5NEdyalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691305300454", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6pWySErMBDeVwiLM6yg2nA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:55"}}}, "clientId": "CKmj94GrjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "175167"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "failed by state 2 times now"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@orlalolo4585"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxEYWw5dlMzSnFVR05EUm1GdVdYZFJiMlJ6TW05RFpGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUjVaVVF6UlV0M1ZFUTVRMUp5ZEVkNU5rbGxlR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJQ2pfb0tyalBjQ0Zhbll3UW9kczJvQ2RR", "timestampUsec": "1649691307512239", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdyeD3EKwTD9CRrtGy6Iexg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:56"}}}, "clientId": "CICj_oKrjPcCFanYwQods2oCdQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "176770"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Our state agencies keep failing kids all over the United States."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@michellegross1293"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt6T0hrMFQzSnFVR05EUmxwSU9VWm5hMlJ1Y2poQ1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRm9SblU1TkRKQ1QxaHZlRTVDTmxWM1gydGhRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJMzh5NE9yalBjQ0ZaSDlGZ2tkbnI4QkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691308785239", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCahFu942BOXoxNB6Uw_kaCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "2:58"}}}, "clientId": "CI38y4OrjPcCFZH9Fgkdnr8BAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "178160"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😥", "shortcuts": [":sad_but_relieved_face:", ":disappointed_relieved:"], "searchTerms": ["sad", "but", "relieved", "face", "disappointed"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f625/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😥"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlIWlRrMGRYSnFVR05EUmxWQlNqRm5RV1J4U2poUFZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPR2U5NHVyalBjQ0ZVQUoxZ0FkcUo4T1Z3", "timestampUsec": "1649691326271395", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:16"}}}, "clientId": "COGe94urjPcCFUAJ1gAdqJ8OVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "196541"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Alexandra Samonds "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@stephanieinCanada"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRoY0c1WmVYSnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbDBMVTUyYzFFNWFHSlhVMFJ5TmpSV1VHaGxWbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLYXBuWXlyalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691326895363", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYt-NvsQ9hbWSDr64VPheVg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:17"}}}, "clientId": "CKapnYyrjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "197163"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Imagine waking up from this nightmare, thinking you will be saved, only to be out back into a nightmare. My heart ACHES for these babies "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG8yWjNSWk5uSnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKNmd0WTZyalBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691331481683", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:21"}}}, "clientId": "CJ6gtY6rjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "201477"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "i hope she’s crying for the kids … psh "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ashleyklover"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/whPBgzS8lubDSwZY6twM-j9NCwvAwf1cdFd17cOK0By0LOnvxXF2_xK3XPKMM2-UdCBWSmKw3w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDEyUlRaWkxYSnFVR05EUmxaelNURm5RV1JWZFRCS1dGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyNUxXbXBWZG05cVh5MVJYMmd3ZFZaaFdsOVFRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNdkU2WS1yalBjQ0ZWc0kxZ0FkVXUwSlhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691334435476", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCnKZjUvoj_-Q_h0uVaZ_PCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:24"}}}, "clientId": "CMvE6Y-rjPcCFVsI1gAdUu0JXQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "204429"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "If you haven’t watched the first video I linked it in the description box too. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1YmpnMExYSnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMbm44NC1yalBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691334657735", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:24"}}}, "clientId": "CLnn84-rjPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "204757"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'm begging you please do a video about Elijah Lewis, it's so similar to harmony Montgomery's case"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TheAngrysmurfette"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUIyVEhKYVEzSnFVR05EUm1OdlNERm5RV1JYTVVsS1UxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSnRXRFpuTmtadmVWbFJSV0ZNUjNsd1lXbEVjMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQdkxyWkNyalBjQ0Zjb0gxZ0FkVzFJSlNR", "timestampUsec": "1649691335550504", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrmX6g6FoyYQEaLGypaiDsQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:25"}}}, "clientId": "CPvLrZCrjPcCFcoH1gAdW1IJSQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "205456"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This one hurts "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@CaffeinatedCatLady"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2ak9N_zWsDbcO514R47o-IqJFUKBJGlFR_zhvUiVI87qs7_Lcr05EmoV8Lx_sZO3NX1aoVKX=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/2ak9N_zWsDbcO514R47o-IqJFUKBJGlFR_zhvUiVI87qs7_Lcr05EmoV8Lx_sZO3NX1aoVKX=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHMyTVhCd1UzSnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyeDBiMjlSWWtsR1NHdHNha2hXZUZWdGN6VkdiVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLNjFwcFNyalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691343821523", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCltooQbIFHkljHVxUms5FmQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:32"}}}, "clientId": "CK61ppSrjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "212625"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is a crazy story"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@junesays4123"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFKsVUhxlIhLCYGngKbeGFG-wK5mLZe-egS3YbIKinRw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFKsVUhxlIhLCYGngKbeGFG-wK5mLZe-egS3YbIKinRw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFEUnpOd1pYSnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF5MDJiREkyVkRKalVEaEdTMHN6YUVaQmFIUnBNa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNQ0czcGVyalBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691351024501", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC-6l26T2cP8FKK3hFAhti2A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:40"}}}, "clientId": "CMCG3perjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "220703"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "did the police really say do you have pictures"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cynthiaaleman5284"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHREY2kwMVpYSnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWk5VME5KT0hoeE9UWkxSWE5KUkRoV04wNVBaMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLQ3ItNWVyalBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691351504344", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfMSCI8xq96KEsID8V7NOgA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:41"}}}, "clientId": "CKCr-5erjPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "221147"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I just got here. is that the house of horrors ppl?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG8zWjJoS2FYSnFVR05EUmxoVVRXeEJhMlJNWmpCUFUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKN2doSmlyalBjQ0ZYVE1sQWtkTGYwT1NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691351658580", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:41"}}}, "clientId": "CJ7ghJirjPcCFXTMlAkdLf0OSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "221278"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'm sure I heard some of the older kids were homeless???"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SoloMCFC-82"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF5ZUROS2JYSnFVR05EUmxOQlNERm5RV1IyTFc5TGJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnRVRmhaZHpFME9UVmZTV3RNUWxkalRWbHNjWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcngzSm1yalBjQ0ZTQUgxZ0Fkdi1vS253", "timestampUsec": "1649691355199758", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcmPXYw1495_IkLBWcMYlqw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:44"}}}, "clientId": "CMrx3JmrjPcCFSAH1gAdv-oKnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "224837"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "failed by parents ,state and foster carers...these poor children/adults will they ever be able to trust anyone? x"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVwZVc5YWVYSnFVR05EUm1GdVdYZFJiMlJ6TW05RFpGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOaXlvWnlyalBjQ0Zhbll3UW9kczJvQ2RR", "timestampUsec": "1649691360516500", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:50"}}}, "clientId": "CNiyoZyrjPcCFanYwQods2oCdQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "230735"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sdeneice1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nkHMdD8-iph0EM_9XXOHFTX5yr1_08Pyl5RsRmTC8NcKJnWauEhfigEgk72JRwumN-OA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nkHMdD8-iph0EM_9XXOHFTX5yr1_08Pyl5RsRmTC8NcKJnWauEhfigEgk72JRwumN-OA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHczYjJsS05uSnFVR05EUmxSSlNqRm5RV1JwUm5kT1ltY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwbGlVSEZmY1RSamFFMDFRMGhzWVZCeWEyVkxZV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMN29pSjZyalBjQ0ZUSUoxZ0FkaUZ3TmJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691364308088", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCIbPq_q4chM5CHlaPrkeKag", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "3:54"}}}, "clientId": "CL7oiJ6rjPcCFTIJ1gAdiFwNbg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "234511"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "He did Cynthia. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤦🏼‍♀", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f926_1f3fc_200d_2640/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤦🏼‍♀"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MJeanJellyBean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVUV205eGFYSnFVR05EUm1GbVRXeEJhMlJSVFhOSGVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UmxNbUZxVVRsMk1rVm9UVXhyTWtwbGFVTmhkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOU1pvcWlyalBjQ0ZhZk1sQWtkUU1zR3lB", "timestampUsec": "1649691385695516", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4e2ajQ9v2EhMLk2JeiCavw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:15"}}}, "clientId": "CNSZoqirjPcCFafMlAkdQMsGyA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "255370"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Yes house of horrors children "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQ1Y0hCaGFYSnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLeXBwYWlyalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691385746643", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:15"}}}, "clientId": "CKyppairjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "255472"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So sad"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cathynewell"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kyKu5wu15gE_csJKnD3un7FeNx1OIJubBO4Ey7SpC85Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kyKu5wu15gE_csJKnD3un7FeNx1OIJubBO4Ey7SpC85Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVJYlRSTGJYSnFVR05EUm1WelNERm5RV1JFT1dOR1ZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExaHdVR3RWTVVKeWFGcHFkRTEwTFZZNFVXUkZVa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOSG00S21yalBjQ0Zlc0gxZ0FkRDljRlZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691388818300", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCXpPkU1BrhZjtMt-V8QdERA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:18"}}}, "clientId": "CNHm4KmrjPcCFesH1gAdD9cFVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "258502"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@Solo MCFC I’ve heard the same:/"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxEY21waGNYSnFVR05EUm1GbVRXeEJhMlJSVFhOSGVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJQ3JqYXFyalBjQ0ZhZk1sQWtkUU1zR3lB", "timestampUsec": "1649691389547995", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:19"}}}, "clientId": "CICrjaqrjPcCFafMlAkdQMsGyA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "259255"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Absolutely awful! These poor children! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Helloskyyt321"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHgxU1hoTGVYSnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwbFJTMVF0UVY5clQyWk5MVkZyTUZJNFoxOTViRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMdUl4S3lyalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691394638952", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCIQKT-A_kOfM-Qk0R8g_ylA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:24"}}}, "clientId": "CLuIxKyrjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "264082"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNQZUVfNjJyalBjQ0ZjSUgxZ0FkaFRjRnVn", "timestampUsec": "1649691397702301"}}, "clientId": "CPeE_62rjPcCFcIH1gAdhTcFug"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "266900"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "disgusting"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@elizabethgregory"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBUUjNkeE5uSnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZObUUyWmxvNGRVcFZXbU40Um5ZME1tUk1iMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKU0d3cTZyalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691398800180", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPE6a6fZ8uJUZcxFv42dLog", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:27"}}}, "clientId": "CJSGwq6rjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "267953"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Just unreal! How does this keep happening to these kids! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@michellegross1293"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LXV3ZhpHZdMT7LGaStEm2h51jOm8V5TRYxpwbg02cwulaVY9gZuWiS_JPTHyKVOZ4vY8kS6UI64=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhmYUhOTVEzSnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRm9SblU1TkRKQ1QxaHZlRTVDTmxWM1gydGhRMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMX2hzTENyalBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649691402711278", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCahFu942BOXoxNB6Uw_kaCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:31"}}}, "clientId": "CL_hsLCrjPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "271792"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "way to go DHS. i mean of all the cases to ignore or let slide, you honestly screwed the pooch on this one"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@shellyseats5630"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mnjW8YK9lETOMtB6BqWSZYA94_4tfhy2UjsGJQi4CM0Qs=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mnjW8YK9lETOMtB6BqWSZYA94_4tfhy2UjsGJQi4CM0Qs=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVIVGkwM1EzSnFVR05EUm1OSlNERm5RV1JvVkdOR2RXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyY3RjRUpGTjA1UVFUZFZMVkJWZEZkVFR6WTBTWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOR04tN0NyalBjQ0ZjSUgxZ0FkaFRjRnVn", "timestampUsec": "1649691403929353", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCg-pBE7NPA7U-PUtWSO64Iw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:32"}}}, "clientId": "CNGN-7CrjPcCFcIH1gAdhTcFug"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "272884"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "thanks Angela"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😘", "shortcuts": [":face_blowing_a_kiss:", ":kissing_heart:", ";*", ";-*"], "searchTerms": ["face", "blowing", "a", "kiss", "kissing", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f618/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😘"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxmVm01TVMzSnFVR05EUmxadVIyeEJhMlJYZG5ORWRIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJX1ZuTEtyalBjQ0ZWbkdsQWtkV3ZzRHR3", "timestampUsec": "1649691406576331", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:35"}}}, "clientId": "CI_VnLKrjPcCFVnGlAkdWvsDtw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "275929"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg these poor kids!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jillybean7011"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDh6V0RkeVUzSnFVR05EUmxGTlN6Rm5RV1J1YjAxTlFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEybG5NREpDZG1ONmJuRjJhRkp5YzBOSmFYUlBhM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPM1g3clNyalBjQ0ZRTUsxZ0Fkbm9NTUFR", "timestampUsec": "1649691412114459", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCig02BvcznqvhRrsCIitOkw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:41"}}}, "clientId": "CO3X7rSrjPcCFQMK1gAdnoMMAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "281044"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is horrible, depressing to say the least. I hope they perps get justice."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ionlyemergeafterdark"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Pgk0O_-cRLWnq7Nk2n_YPswajWhF10X8MMka5Cg4ddztM-4D7S4mDAttGGJ7gUowoQTqkpteyQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Pgk0O_-cRLWnq7Nk2n_YPswajWhF10X8MMka5Cg4ddztM-4D7S4mDAttGGJ7gUowoQTqkpteyQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJsYkdkTVpYSnFVR05EUm1KQlNURm5RV1JUWXpSR05IY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdGFiMjVZTFhSeGQwRkJRMlZXZURjd2NHTnBaVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQZWxnTGVyalBjQ0ZiQUkxZ0FkU2M0RjR3", "timestampUsec": "1649691416597288", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKZonX-tqwAACeVx70pcieQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:46"}}}, "clientId": "CPelgLerjPcCFbAI1gAdSc4F4w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "286310"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi friends! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@melissam00ndr0psburst4"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BAwdnmAxUFbkJjBe-SuOfEO3Zwi1pJDAGcUhFut4r4ul_43n8nNsi-9s9ygWa5t0yOn8uJvnqg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BAwdnmAxUFbkJjBe-SuOfEO3Zwi1pJDAGcUhFut4r4ul_43n8nNsi-9s9ygWa5t0yOn8uJvnqg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBUTVc1TWJYSnFVR05EUm1aRFdqVlJZMlE1ZWsxQ1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyYzFUVXRWWkZCRmVuUlZaMWh1VDFaeFRISjFWRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKUzFuTG1yalBjQ0ZmQ1o1UWNkOXpNQmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691421252317", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCg5MKUdPEztUgXnOVqLruTQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:50"}}}, "clientId": "CJS1nLmrjPcCFfCZ5Qcd9zMBbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "290832"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "She needs to be fired"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG90YUhJM2JYSnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKLWhyN21yalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691421561048", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:51"}}}, "clientId": "CJ-hr7mrjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "291091"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Honestly at this "}, {"text": "point"}, {"text": " can"}, {"text": " the 2"}, {"text": "1-year-"}, {"text": "old"}, {"text": "s or older siblings or can the sister of their biological mother "}, {"text": "adopt"}, {"text": " "}, {"text": "all of "}, {"text": "th"}, {"text": "e kids "}, {"text": "and"}, {"text": " they can "}, {"text": "all live "}, {"text": "together"}, {"text": "? "}, {"text": "They "}, {"text": "were ultimately"}, {"text": " "}, {"text": "failed"}, {"text": " "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😥", "shortcuts": [":sad_but_relieved_face:", ":disappointed_relieved:"], "searchTerms": ["sad", "but", "relieved", "face", "disappointed"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f625/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😥"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUI2VGpkTWJYSnFVR05EUmxkUFpqVlJZMlJVTFdORWVuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQek43TG1yalBjQ0ZXT2Y1UWNkVC1jRHp3", "timestampUsec": "1649691422566182", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:52"}}}, "clientId": "CPzN7LmrjPcCFWOf5QcdT-cDzw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "292122"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Beautiful top and color Annie "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💕", "shortcuts": [":two_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["two", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f495/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💕"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jaytheog8435"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kg1vQ0BT01UAi0M1ZojpjeJPVSw_UJRnTPDEqQT-2nbvfI_UPswpg2iTYbb5Au6DSYbqgWB3bOA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/kg1vQ0BT01UAi0M1ZojpjeJPVSw_UJRnTPDEqQT-2nbvfI_UPswpg2iTYbb5Au6DSYbqgWB3bOA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhtWlcwM2RYSnFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SkpWRUU1VlRWSWQyNUxlVVpQVmtSMFRXdHZjMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZmVtN3VyalBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691425435497", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC2ITA9U5HwnKyFOVDtMkosg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "4:55"}}}, "clientId": "CLfem7urjPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "295008"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I thought they were doing pretty good considering. and didn't the 2 girls do a Interview?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVZVW1wTlEzSnFVR05EUm1aelRERm5RV1I1TmsxRGNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOWFJqTUNyalBjQ0Zmc0wxZ0FkeTZNQ3BR", "timestampUsec": "1649691435673939", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:05"}}}, "clientId": "CNXRjMCrjPcCFfsL1gAdy6MCpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "305189"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "heartbreaking they thought they'd be safe but wasn't "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@keaghlancaffee6070"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mKs9phc2rWOFOweVE4cs5q_F1tSQDHPUVOSIoC3e4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mKs9phc2rWOFOweVE4cs5q_F1tSQDHPUVOSIoC3e4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJQTUhjNFEzSnFVR05EUmxWWVVXeEJhMlJQVWxGTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVlBWazAwZVhWSldYcGhPVzVPYTB4VmRuQkNTR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQTzB3OENyalBjQ0ZVWFFsQWtkT1JRTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1649691436571370", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEOVM4yuIYza9nNkLUvpBHg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:05"}}}, "clientId": "CPO0w8CrjPcCFUXQlAkdORQLhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "305945"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg i saw the title and was like omg wth those poor kids have been through hell and back"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHN5TUhOTlMzSnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLMjBzTUtyalBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649691440454245", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:09"}}}, "clientId": "CK20sMKrjPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "309850"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Happy Monday ! Red Oak, Texas"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@donnamadrid837"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l88VvqmfCWNUDMs8DQCcBuMIGUR6yjhaqAog6weM4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l88VvqmfCWNUDMs8DQCcBuMIGUR6yjhaqAog6weM4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlFZFdoalpYSnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEycE9TRWhmTUZCMFltMW5XWEZXUTFsMlExVjJOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPRHVoY2VyalBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691450242954", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCjNHH_0PtbmgYqVCYvCUv4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:20"}}}, "clientId": "CODuhcerjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "320260"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The new foster dad has been charged with SA the younger girls over 50x"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFwYURrNGNYSnFVR05EUmxKdlluSlJXV1JFYkVWRmMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNaWg5OHFyalBjQ0ZSb2JyUVlkRGxFRXNR", "timestampUsec": "1649691458458183", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:28"}}}, "clientId": "CMih98qrjPcCFRobrQYdDlEEsQ", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "328679"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is so sad :("}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mayag8469"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/MgDZImgMyaB4Lbb-NqDChh1aFWucMm2WY3UI-S0HcNr894tiuP9xvqvpn9OXu2fMMhtaD9WqpUc=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/MgDZImgMyaB4Lbb-NqDChh1aFWucMm2WY3UI-S0HcNr894tiuP9xvqvpn9OXu2fMMhtaD9WqpUc=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBxUm5oamRYSnFVR05EUm1STlVYSlJXV1IyVTBWTmJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwZEpkM1oxZVRSQ2RsaHBiVXBXYlhGWmVteHFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKakZ4Y3VyalBjQ0ZkTVFyUVlkdlNFTW5R", "timestampUsec": "1649691459674842", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCGIwvuy4BvXimJVmqYzljBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:29"}}}, "clientId": "CJjFxcurjPcCFdMQrQYdvSEMnQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "329963"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "They were set up to fail from the beginning it’s so sad "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TabithaaLynnn"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVtYWpsTmRYSnFVR05EUm1WdVRVWm5hMlIwZEZsTVRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SjZSRTQyY1RoRFdGWmFNQzAxUmsxRmExQkhjVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZmo5TXVyalBjQ0Zlbk1GZ2tkdHRZTExR", "timestampUsec": "1649691460448771", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC2zDN6q8CXVZ0-5FMEkPGqA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:30"}}}, "clientId": "CNfj9MurjPcCFenMFgkdttYLLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "330808"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is heartbreaking"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhpYjNaek1uSnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMYm92czJyalBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691463758958", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:34"}}}, "clientId": "CLbovs2rjPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "334118"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFJWjNsT1MzSnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNSGd5TktyalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691474407539", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:43"}}}, "clientId": "CMHgyNKrjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "343364"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good morning from Long Beach, CA "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "⛱", "shortcuts": [":umbrella_on_ground:"], "searchTerms": ["umbrella", "on", "ground"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/26f1/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "⛱"}}}}}, {"text": " "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😎", "shortcuts": [":smiling_face_with_sunglasses:", ":sunglasses:", "B)", "B-)", "8)", "8-)"], "searchTerms": ["smiling", "face", "with", "sunglasses"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f60e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😎"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh4WHpjNVMzSnFVR05EUmxwVFlUVlJZMlJKY0hkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMcV83OUtyalBjQ0ZaU2E1UWNkSXB3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691475042292", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:43"}}}, "clientId": "CLq_79KrjPcCFZSa5QcdIpwMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "343906"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "oh nooooo"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFxUm1jNVUzSnFVR05EUm1VM1RteEJhMlJwUW1OTk1FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNakZnOVNyalBjQ0ZlN05sQWtkaUJjTTBB", "timestampUsec": "1649691477467918", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:47"}}}, "clientId": "CMjFg9SrjPcCFe7NlAkdiBcM0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "347219"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The new foster dad should endure everything he put these girls through "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFtY3pOMGFYSnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNZnMzdGlyalBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691487352434", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "5:56"}}}, "clientId": "CMfs3tirjPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "356844"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "😲", "shortcuts": [":astonished_face:", ":astonished:", ":O", ":-O", "=O", ":o", ":-o", "=o", "O_O", "o_o", "O.O"], "searchTerms": ["astonished", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f632/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😲"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDAyTkhOa2VYSnFVR05EUmxvM1UyeEJhMlEyY1ZsSGRrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNNjRzZHlyalBjQ0ZaN1NsQWtkNnFZR3ZB", "timestampUsec": "1649691494997117", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:04"}}}, "clientId": "CM64sdyrjPcCFZ7SlAkd6qYGvA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "364858"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "50x’s !?!? OMGOOODNESSs"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MJeanJellyBean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR4UTNoT2VYSnFVR05EUm1STkxYTjNRV1JqY1ZGUWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UmxNbUZxVVRsMk1rVm9UVXhyTWtwbGFVTmhkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcUN4TnlyalBjQ0ZkTS1zd0FkY3FRUHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691495301458", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4e2ajQ9v2EhMLk2JeiCavw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:05"}}}, "clientId": "CKqCxNyrjPcCFdM-swAdcqQPsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "365155"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hey "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👋", "shortcuts": [":waving_hand:", ":wave:"], "searchTerms": ["waving", "hand", "wave"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44b/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👋"}}}, "variantIds": ["👋", "👋🏻", "👋🏼", "👋🏽", "👋🏾", "👋🏿"]}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hipe4191"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFxWkhnNWVYSnFVR05EUmxGTlN6Rm5RV1J1YjAxTlFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1VVzFKVUZkS1luVnZWbWRTYkZnME5XUTRWRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNamR4OXlyalBjQ0ZRTUsxZ0Fkbm9NTUFR", "timestampUsec": "1649691495362313", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfQmIPWJbuoVgRlX45d8TA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:05"}}}, "clientId": "CMjdx9yrjPcCFQMK1gAdnoMMAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "365278"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So sad"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR4ZVRFNWVYSnFVR05EUmxGSlMzSlJXV1JQZDNkQ04wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcXkxOXlyalBjQ0ZRSUtyUVlkT3d3QjdB", "timestampUsec": "1649691495618920", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:05"}}}, "clientId": "CKqy19yrjPcCFQIKrQYdOwwB7A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "365561"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "UNBELIEVABLE "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBmV2poT01uSnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKX1o4TjJyalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691498130634", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:07"}}}, "clientId": "CJ_Z8N2rjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "367408"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg that's so sad"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessdelea4005"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJxVFMwNU5uSnFVR05EUm1GTVVteEJhMlJMVUZWTFZHY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcGxXRlpwT0haTlZtbzBUR2x5V1haTWRuQkJOVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQak0tOTZyalBjQ0ZhTFJsQWtkS1BVS1Rn", "timestampUsec": "1649691500406475", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzeXVi8vMVj4LirYvLvpA5A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:10"}}}, "clientId": "CPjM-96rjPcCFaLRlAkdKPUKTg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "370152"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@stephanieinCanada"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFRVlhWT0xYSnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbDBMVTUyYzFFNWFHSlhVMFJ5TmpSV1VHaGxWbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNUFV1Ti1yalBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649691501406837", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYt-NvsQ9hbWSDr64VPheVg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:11"}}}, "clientId": "CMPUuN-rjPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "371166"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg this is unreal, someone would have to be a monster omg those poor kids i cannot believe this, monsters"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDgyVFcxMVQzSnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPNk1tdU9yalBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649691509294752", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:19"}}}, "clientId": "CO6MmuOrjPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "379292"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cinder526"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJtVUdrdFUzSnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkJabTlEY21wWU5VaG1ObWRxZWxSUU9YRTFOMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQZlBpLVNyalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691511154742", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUAfoCrjX5Hf6gjzTP9q57Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:20"}}}, "clientId": "CPfPi-SrjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "380354"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "It's snowing here in the Pacific Northwest"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ0VlhaMVUzSnFVR05EUm1KUmFISlJXV1JtWWpoRlRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQbVV2dVNyalBjQ0ZiUWhyUVlkZmI4RU1R", "timestampUsec": "1649691511982805", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:21"}}}, "clientId": "CPmUvuSrjPcCFbQhrQYdfb8EMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "381141"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMFG "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😔", "shortcuts": [":pensive_face:", ":pensive:", "u_u"], "searchTerms": ["pensive", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f614/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥺", "shortcuts": [":pleading_face:"], "searchTerms": ["pleading", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f97a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥺"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😞", "shortcuts": [":disappointed_face:", ":disappointed:", ":(", ":-(", "=("], "searchTerms": ["disappointed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f61e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😞"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlFVFRndFYzSnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPRE04LVdyalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691514955449", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:24"}}}, "clientId": "CODM8-WrjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "384130"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is horrible "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlJZW13dFlYSnFVR05EUmxKTFdEVlJZMlJOY0hOSWNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPSHpsLWFyalBjQ0ZSS1g1UWNkTXBzSHJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691515550229", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:24"}}}, "clientId": "COHzl-arjPcCFRKX5QcdMpsHrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "384614"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I had a feeling this was coming after watching 20/20"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bethanyreynolds7575"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kFeQL8mycUc3zgX-mY6btVqUctVMEesFH2GBegJi4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kFeQL8mycUc3zgX-mY6btVqUctVMEesFH2GBegJi4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVVU0c1MVpYSnFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRjRVRlIyWXpkdFlrNVpUR2s0VUU1VlRrMW1aSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOVEhudWVyalBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691517756411", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQxPTvc7mbNYLi8PNUNMfdw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:26"}}}, "clientId": "CNTHnuerjPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "386842"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Please don’t forget to like this video and subscribe (it’s free!) to show support to the channel! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@RandomGrump"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt0VVhCMWJYSnFVR05EUmxKTVJYZG5VV1JWTmxGRlVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSkJPVGx5Wm5CS1ZHWjJUbEZmZFUwdFdGbEJPV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJLVFwdW1yalBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691522102421", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "MODERATOR"}, "tooltip": "Moderator", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Moderator"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrA99rfpJTfvNQ_uM-XYA9g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:31"}}}, "clientId": "CI-QpumrjPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "391570"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Over 50 times?! WtHELL is wrong with people?!!?!! This is just beyond heartbreaking:/ This world just needs to end, Jesus we NEED You!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😓", "shortcuts": [":downcast_face_with_sweat:", ":sweat:", "o_o;"], "searchTerms": ["downcast", "face", "with", "sweat"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f613/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😓"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFUTVRFdGVYSnFVR05EUm1GbVRXeEJhMlJSVFhOSGVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNUzExLXlyalBjQ0ZhZk1sQWtkUU1zR3lB", "timestampUsec": "1649691529173758", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:38"}}}, "clientId": "CMS11-yrjPcCFafMlAkdQMsGyA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "398359"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I have to watch previous one @10 to Life "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX-rsLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_10TOLIFER:", ":10TOLIFER:"], "searchTerms": ["_10TOLIFER", "10TOLIFER"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "10TOLIFER"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX-HuLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_EVIDENCE:", ":EVIDENCE:"], "searchTerms": ["_EVIDENCE", "EVIDENCE"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/NU0Gnq3mxUMO7v4m2fzQZgc8bhWzJSKszs5e9HHSs5_eO2KiQIGvyWaGWFlmbYAj9EjgPLEs7w=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/NU0Gnq3mxUMO7v4m2fzQZgc8bhWzJSKszs5e9HHSs5_eO2KiQIGvyWaGWFlmbYAj9EjgPLEs7w=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "EVIDENCE"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"text": ". Thank you Annie for all your hard work and love "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💕", "shortcuts": [":two_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["two", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f495/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💕"}}}}}, {"text": " your Patreon as well "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤗", "shortcuts": [":hugging_face:"], "searchTerms": ["hugging", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f917/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sashamaclean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ijbqcfkw6rlGz0Q-xjn_HcTTGa4SLQF9npJ3erTr9rWlWHURMEjFl-E7EE8mMf38fiEBBYXTgbM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ijbqcfkw6rlGz0Q-xjn_HcTTGa4SLQF9npJ3erTr9rWlWHURMEjFl-E7EE8mMf38fiEBBYXTgbM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDkxWVRsbE1uSnFVR05EUm1ObVpuZFJiMlJXUWpoQk1XY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF5MTJjRmxJTTB4UFgzWTRWRWRTTkRoQ2NsYzBTWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPdWE5ZTJyalBjQ0ZjZmZ3UW9kVkI4QTFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691531759011", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC-vpYH3LO_v8TGR48BrW4Iw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:40"}}}, "clientId": "COua9e2rjPcCFcffwQodVB8A1g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "400708"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I am sure they feel like who can we trust this is so sad"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cynthiaaleman5284"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG8zVld3dExYSnFVR05EUm1WdVRVWm5hMlIwZEZsTVRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWk5VME5KT0hoeE9UWkxSWE5KUkRoV04wNVBaMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKN1VsLS1yalBjQ0Zlbk1GZ2tkdHRZTExR", "timestampUsec": "1649691534420564", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfMSCI8xq96KEsID8V7NOgA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:43"}}}, "clientId": "CJ7Ul--rjPcCFenMFgkdttYLLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "403457"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is minddddd blowing!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@styleszee2890"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lKLc1F90KZFoIzXLksvFr_ot_jhDQuWBgbEx03VvCOy3iSeSakR3rodFATvo7yZ7LV3Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lKLc1F90KZFoIzXLksvFr_ot_jhDQuWBgbEx03VvCOy3iSeSakR3rodFATvo7yZ7LV3Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVUUkhkMlEzSnFVR05EUmxWWVVXeEJhMlJQVWxGTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UXlXbWRVWmxORlYycFVia1ZpVEhKVVlqQmFUR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOU0R3dkNyalBjQ0ZVWFFsQWtkT1JRTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1649691537211927", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC42ZgTfSEWjTnEbLrTb0ZLg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:46"}}}, "clientId": "CNSDwvCrjPcCFUXQlAkdORQLhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "406861"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Omg "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF5ZWkxUVEzSnFVR05EUmxSVVRVWm5hMlJXTFVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcnotUENyalBjQ0ZUVE1GZ2tkVi1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691538110983", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:47"}}}, "clientId": "CMrz-PCrjPcCFTTMFgkdV-ENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "407727"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVYTW1wZlIzSnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOVzJqX0dyalBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691538479994", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:48"}}}, "clientId": "CNW2j_GrjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "408100"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Unacceptable "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hipe4191"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlMWkd4ZlIzSnFVR05EUmxWUlNURm5RV1JTZW5OQ00wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1VVzFKVUZkS1luVnZWbWRTYkZnME5XUTRWRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPS2RsX0dyalBjQ0ZVUUkxZ0FkUnpzQjNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691538607893", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfQmIPWJbuoVgRlX45d8TA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "6:48"}}}, "clientId": "COKdl_GrjPcCFUQI1gAdRzsB3A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "408267"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNMVFExdkdyalBjQ0ZTUUkxZ0FkQ2pNRVhB", "timestampUsec": "1649691539646595"}}, "clientId": "CLTQ1vGrjPcCFSQI1gAdCjMEXA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "409283"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "THANK GOD. I couldn't believe they were rescued and thrown in to almost as bad."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhmY1c1ZmJYSnFVR05EUmxwSlJXWlJiMlJWUjBWUFMzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMX3FuX21yalBjQ0ZaSUVmUW9kVUdFT0t3", "timestampUsec": "1649691555526031", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:04"}}}, "clientId": "CL_qn_mrjPcCFZIEfQodUGEOKw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "424427"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Like these poor children have not been abused enough! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😵‍💫", "shortcuts": [":face_with_spiral_eyes:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "spiral", "eyes"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f635_200d_1f4ab/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😵‍💫"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏻"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxMY25SZmJYSnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJS3J0X21yalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691555911094", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:04"}}}, "clientId": "CIKrt_mrjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "424850"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "All of these kids have been through so much, it's disgusting this has happened"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SoloMCFC-82"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JoAZTQ2oWmhmqPwsiKMapVrovgI156F29Xph-OFquFRfR2rnJQewemUStxFO8G15XVh2ZlORjA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsZGpSUWJYSnFVR05EUmxWUlNURm5RV1JTZW5OQ00wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnRVRmhaZHpFME9UVmZTV3RNUWxkalRWbHNjWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZXY0UG1yalBjQ0ZVUUkxZ0FkUnpzQjNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691556583398", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcmPXYw1495_IkLBWcMYlqw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:05"}}}, "clientId": "CLev4PmrjPcCFUQI1gAdRzsB3A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "425532"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How!!???…. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😶", "shortcuts": [":face_without_mouth:", ":no_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "without", "mouth", "no"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f636/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😶"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhVZUhSMmVYSnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMVHh0dnlyalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691562195169", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:11"}}}, "clientId": "CLTxtvyrjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "431009"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I lived in Riverside, Ca alot goes on that gets overlooked"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDltYUhOUU5uSnFVR05EUm1STlVYSlJXV1IyVTBWTmJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPZmhzUDZyalBjQ0ZkTVFyUVlkdlNFTW5R", "timestampUsec": "1649691566289200", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:16"}}}, "clientId": "COfhsP6rjPcCFdMQrQYdvSEMnQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "436017"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Love from Ontario Canada. Thanks for sharing these cases and opening eyes! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amazon411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVtU0Y5bUxYSnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaGhXbGRZUTJwTWFtZDNjWEJqU21Rd09GOWZiRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZkhfZi1yalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691569644546", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChaZWXCjLjgwqpcJd08__lQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:19"}}}, "clientId": "CNfH_f-rjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "439391"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "shamefull"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@soybean1989"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQyTVhNMFIzTnFVR05EUm1aTlJqVjNiMlF4TVRoTVVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjBOVTFpUWpBelRGSjZTbWwxVERGbVZtNUxOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLdjFzNEdzalBjQ0ZmTUY1d29kMTE4TFFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691572632277", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCat5MbB03LRzJiuL1fVnK4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:22"}}}, "clientId": "CKv1s4GsjPcCFfMF5wod118LQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "442353"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I "}, {"text": "need to be hell but"}, {"text": " "}, {"text": "now they have to"}, {"text": " go through this"}, {"text": " A SECOND TIME "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRUU1dzMFUzTnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLU0lrNFNzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691578385493", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:27"}}}, "clientId": "CKSIk4SsjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "447674"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "my god can you imagine getting away from those parents and then.....this.....omg"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDQyUkRGdllYTnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNONkQxb2FzalBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691583676935", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:33"}}}, "clientId": "CN6D1oasjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "453180"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So very sad those children have been so abused!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😥", "shortcuts": [":sad_but_relieved_face:", ":disappointed_relieved:"], "searchTerms": ["sad", "but", "relieved", "face", "disappointed"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f625/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😥"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😥", "shortcuts": [":sad_but_relieved_face:", ":disappointed_relieved:"], "searchTerms": ["sad", "but", "relieved", "face", "disappointed"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f625/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😥"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bbe3034"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF4VW5kWlpYTnFVR05EUm1aRFdqVlJZMlE1ZWsxQ1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UlVWMXAwTTBsRWNVSjZaRzFsZERsVGFrMHRaWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcVJ3WWVzalBjQ0ZmQ1o1UWNkOXpNQmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691585431818", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4TWZt3IDqBzdmet9SjM-ew", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:34"}}}, "clientId": "CMqRwYesjPcCFfCZ5Qcd9zMBbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "454880"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "absolutely disgraceful"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@aprilmeza6208"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx0VTNZMFpYTnFVR05EUm1SVldISlJXV1JVVGsxT2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbGlWSG8xY1daRmVrMU9ZVXRGZVRSSE1tWjNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJbVN2NGVzalBjQ0ZkVVhyUVlkVE5NTnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649691585399103", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCybTz5qfEzMNaKEy4G2fwnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:34"}}}, "clientId": "CImSv4esjPcCFdUXrQYdTNMNzg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "454898"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "the government is to blame, they stole the $600k."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ionlyemergeafterdark"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Pgk0O_-cRLWnq7Nk2n_YPswajWhF10X8MMka5Cg4ddztM-4D7S4mDAttGGJ7gUowoQTqkpteyQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Pgk0O_-cRLWnq7Nk2n_YPswajWhF10X8MMka5Cg4ddztM-4D7S4mDAttGGJ7gUowoQTqkpteyQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxxVW5sdmFYTnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdGFiMjVZTFhSeGQwRkJRMlZXZURjd2NHTnBaVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJalJ5b2lzalBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691587684543", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKZonX-tqwAACeVx70pcieQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:36"}}}, "clientId": "CIjRyoisjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "456464"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "well no Sh*t ...... how do they suppose to know how to function in society unless they are taught. these ppl are the worst worst. jeez bring me them poor kids"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJRYld0WmVYTnFVR05EUm1GTVVteEJhMlJMVUZWTFZHY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQUG1rWXlzalBjQ0ZhTFJsQWtkS1BVS1Rn", "timestampUsec": "1649691595142053", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:45"}}}, "clientId": "CPPmkYysjPcCFaLRlAkdKPUKTg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "465552"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Amazon411- I’m from Ontario too! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🇨🇦", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f1e8_1f1e6/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🇨🇦"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlQVnpnMGVYTnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPT1c4NHlzalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691596737414", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:47"}}}, "clientId": "COOW84ysjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "467183"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is so awful. These poor kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chasityhicks8217"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1PCSRtLBN14UdwpaEIXRQitoj0eY_65vGaMMg-6b44FC7k0quSYW5n20HOkb-6ryiOb9GTgwrj0=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1PCSRtLBN14UdwpaEIXRQitoj0eY_65vGaMMg-6b44FC7k0quSYW5n20HOkb-6ryiOb9GTgwrj0=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF0VVdoYVMzTnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTk1ZMk40VTFoalZuSTVSVzF4TlhCQ00ybHRPR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQLVFoWktzalBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691607517366", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcLccxSXcVr9Emq5pB3im8g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:57"}}}, "clientId": "CP-QhZKsjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "477175"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cinder526"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDQyZFd0d1MzTnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkJabTlEY21wWU5VaG1ObWRxZWxSUU9YRTFOMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNONnVrcEtzalBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691607734205", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUAfoCrjX5Hf6gjzTP9q57Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:57"}}}, "clientId": "CN6ukpKsjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "477427"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "*I understand but now they have to go through this H a second time, stupid auto correct "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVIYW5ad1MzTnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOR2p2cEtzalBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691608453649", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "7:58"}}}, "clientId": "CNGjvpKsjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "478111"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Good God!!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😡", "shortcuts": [":pouting_face:", ":rage:", ">:(", ">:-(", ">=("], "searchTerms": ["pouting", "face", "rage"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f621/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😡"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBmYnpjMVQzTnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKX283NU9zalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691611362369", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:00"}}}, "clientId": "CJ_o75OsjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "480432"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WTF! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😮", "shortcuts": [":face_with_open_mouth:", ":open_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "open", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😮"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@stephanieinCanada"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBsWnkwMVQzTnFVR05EUm1aelRERm5RV1I1TmsxRGNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbDBMVTUyYzFFNWFHSlhVMFJ5TmpSV1VHaGxWbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKZWctNU9zalBjQ0Zmc0wxZ0FkeTZNQ3BR", "timestampUsec": "1649691611549834", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYt-NvsQ9hbWSDr64VPheVg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:00"}}}, "clientId": "CJeg-5OsjPcCFfsL1gAdy6MCpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "480601"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "first world country with 3rd world problems wtf"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@soybean1989"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGw2U213MVYzTnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjBOVTFpUWpBelRGSjZTbWwxVERGbVZtNUxOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJekpsNVdzalBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691614110923", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCat5MbB03LRzJiuL1fVnK4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:03"}}}, "clientId": "CIzJl5WsjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "483185"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Public hanging imo"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxJVjJwd1pYTnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJSFdqcGVzalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691618159429", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:06"}}}, "clientId": "CIHWjpesjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "486941"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVJTUhOYWFYTnFVR05EUm1aVGJqVlJZMlJZY1c5Q01rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOSDBzWmlzalBjQ0ZmU241UWNkWHFvQjJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691620833910", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:09"}}}, "clientId": "CNH0sZisjPcCFfSn5QcdXqoB2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "489600"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Just wow. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MJeanJellyBean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDloTUhFMWNYTnFVR05EUm1aZlUyeEJhMlF0VEhkSE4xRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UmxNbUZxVVRsMk1rVm9UVXhyTWtwbGFVTmhkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPYTBxNXFzalBjQ0ZmX1NsQWtkLUx3RzdR", "timestampUsec": "1649691624921787", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4e2ajQ9v2EhMLk2JeiCavw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:14"}}}, "clientId": "COa0q5qsjPcCFf_SlAkd-LwG7Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "494049"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I dont think any of those kids will ever be ok"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlUVTNaYWRYTnFVR05EUmxoSmNuSlJXV1JPU1RSS2RuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPU1N2WnVzalBjQ0ZYSXJyUVlkTkk0SnZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691627309476", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:17"}}}, "clientId": "COSSvZusjPcCFXIrrQYdNI4Jvw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "497494"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Kyla Bella: Ontario here as well"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ASunflowerday"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lO1bg78qyz0HR_ZIH8s5qeSfzYr9fVSd1DukOaqgMnQ42rwYpPYWufcdbL9Z9Zby0O7g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lO1bg78qyz0HR_ZIH8s5qeSfzYr9fVSd1DukOaqgMnQ42rwYpPYWufcdbL9Z9Zby0O7g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHd0TFROd2RYTnFVR05EUmxwVFlUVlJZMlJKY0hkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEybG9WVGhRZFU5RFdIWlhaMDlYV21acE1GVTBWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMLS0zcHVzalBjQ0ZaU2E1UWNkSXB3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691627855729", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCihU8PuOCXvWgOWZfi0U4WQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:18"}}}, "clientId": "CL--3pusjPcCFZSa5QcdIpwMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "498043"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wow!!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🧐", "shortcuts": [":face_with_monocle:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "monocle"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f9d0/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🧐"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥺", "shortcuts": [":pleading_face:"], "searchTerms": ["pleading", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f97a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥺"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVYVW1sS2VYTnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOV1JpSnlzalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691628538106", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:18"}}}, "clientId": "CNWRiJysjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "498675"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "who are the children with now I hope not another family"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@cynthiaaleman5284"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kIAncjqiITPbJZ8fjn0pgd3F28nEzUv0rfRFbULOsBndpi=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1YVc5d0xYTnFVR05EUmxSdFp6VlJZMlJQZUdkTllrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWk5VME5KT0hoeE9UWkxSWE5KUkRoV04wNVBaMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMbmlvcC1zalBjQ0ZUbWc1UWNkT3hnTWJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691635265905", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfMSCI8xq96KEsID8V7NOgA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:25"}}}, "clientId": "CLniop-sjPcCFTmg5QcdOxgMbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "505796"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Jordan Turpin for the W again. She rescued them all both times. She is a super hero"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUEzYldzMlMzTnFVR05EUmxOelZuSlJXV1JMYWpSTVkzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQN21rNktzalBjQ0ZTc1ZyUVlkS2o0TGN3", "timestampUsec": "1649691641312195", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:31"}}}, "clientId": "CP7mk6KsjPcCFSsVrQYdKj4Lcw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "511097"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "god at what point are these agencies really going to be held accountable my god, how many kids need to go through this before they fix the system"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVsWVhnMlMzTnFVR05EUmxkcFZ6VlJZMlJqVUhkT1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZWF4NktzalBjQ0ZXaVc1UWNkY1B3TmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691642154393", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:31"}}}, "clientId": "CNeax6KsjPcCFWiW5QcdcPwNbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "511973"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@Soy Bean- you said it girl "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF0Wm5CeFUzTnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQLWZwcVNzalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691645808681", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:36"}}}, "clientId": "CP-fpqSsjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "516536"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "ontario here as well"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFYUzJ0aFpYTnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNV0trYWVzalBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691651753320", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:40"}}}, "clientId": "CMWKkaesjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "520721"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "don't these ppl know how damaging this is for their entire life? hope to God none of these kids turn out to be serial killers"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bobbirose6075"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_d7nPhEBSlYr4xD-VNrl6l5GPOohn8T0r-SEWCIH4ViFHaGb2XDNPG0KwryTVnBt5jjFSaRmjZk=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_d7nPhEBSlYr4xD-VNrl6l5GPOohn8T0r-SEWCIH4ViFHaGb2XDNPG0KwryTVnBt5jjFSaRmjZk=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDloVFhrMmFYTnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwNUtNMjV6WlhjMmNtRkVNRzFSWkVsQ2FUQXljbEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPYU15NmlzalBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691654801062", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCNJ3nsew6raD0mQdIBi02rQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:43"}}}, "clientId": "COaMy6isjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "523792"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Big in Ontario!! Hey guys! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amazon411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB5Y0doeGJYTnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaGhXbGRZUTJwTWFtZDNjWEJqU21Rd09GOWZiRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcnBocW1zalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691655779522", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChaZWXCjLjgwqpcJd08__lQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:44"}}}, "clientId": "CJrphqmsjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "524740"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "😟", "shortcuts": [":worried_face:", ":worried:"], "searchTerms": ["worried", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f61f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😟"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sherrillsmootpoint"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1k7jAmSm2H0m96omrCOM0Wi9ZyDQ9xkti-3jMVIkNRw1_WB9guRaBjkTkaOZ9aRGz5JbQWNZ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1k7jAmSm2H0m96omrCOM0Wi9ZyDQ9xkti-3jMVIkNRw1_WB9guRaBjkTkaOZ9aRGz5JbQWNZ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlFTkdkaE1uTnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwc3lTV0ZNUkUxMlFqTjVRMDQyT1dGM2VuaHFibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPRDRnYTJzalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691664088213", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCK2IaLDMvB3yCN69awzxjnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:53"}}}, "clientId": "COD4ga2sjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "533871"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Ontario here too!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@icecream_andcookies"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/aRlpVDX6btXrGGQF_H3fvNZ32-1XW2Tku4015qC7SlOc2iv6NGcWBQRPuh0MmfzKTTJ1K4JNQZ8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/aRlpVDX6btXrGGQF_H3fvNZ32-1XW2Tku4015qC7SlOc2iv6NGcWBQRPuh0MmfzKTTJ1K4JNQZ8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHAxVERGaE1uTnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwNVZjR0ZPWWswM05sTTRkMUI0WTNOc01VNHlXVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKdUwxYTJzalBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691665450461", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCNUpaNbM76S8wPxcsl1N2YA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "8:55"}}}, "clientId": "CJuL1a2sjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "535198"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🇨🇦", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f1e8_1f1e6/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🇨🇦"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@aprilmeza6208"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDU2VFRjM1EzTnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbGlWSG8xY1daRmVrMU9ZVXRGZVRSSE1tWjNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOek03N0NzalBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691672176276", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCybTz5qfEzMNaKEy4G2fwnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:01"}}}, "clientId": "CNzM77CsjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "541205"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "They just said they safe in a new home and happy"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MJeanJellyBean"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/zTarJZgtWi6jerI9GU6nAbPQp_lDKeTaN-ZiJFT-wc2xmibAWSbbMqp0gHfT_H6vhvhWbOy5_Q=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRMV0RCaVQzTnFVR05EUm1aMmFUUjNZMlF0WjNkSFRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UmxNbUZxVVRsMk1rVm9UVXhyTWtwbGFVTmhkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLS1gwYk9zalBjQ0Zmdmk0d2NkLWd3R01R", "timestampUsec": "1649691677969381", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4e2ajQ9v2EhMLk2JeiCavw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:08"}}}, "clientId": "CKKX0bOsjPcCFfvi4wcd-gwGMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "548354"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'd like to throw her a party Matt "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😈", "shortcuts": [":smiling_face_with_horns:", ":smiling_imp:", "}:)", "}:-)", "}=)"], "searchTerms": ["smiling", "face", "with", "horns", "imp"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f608/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😈"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDV5TVhGaVYzTnFVR05EUmxvM1UyeEJhMlEyY1ZsSGRrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOcjFxYldzalBjQ0ZaN1NsQWtkNnFZR3ZB", "timestampUsec": "1649691681520388", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:10"}}}, "clientId": "CNr1qbWsjPcCFZ7SlAkd6qYGvA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "550691"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WTF is in the water there????"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@peggys5244"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlITFhkTVlYTnFVR05EUm1aRVJIZG5VV1IyV0hkS01FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6Vm5jbVpsWkhsUGJtMUhhbXRXWTJKQ1VIQnJPWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPRy13TGFzalBjQ0ZmRER3Z1Fkdlh3SjBB", "timestampUsec": "1649691683987335", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5grfedyOnmGjkVcbBPpk9w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:13"}}}, "clientId": "COG-wLasjPcCFfDDwgQdvXwJ0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "553236"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These poor children "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@RandomGrump"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG90Y0c0M1pYTnFVR05EUm1KWlNISlJXV1JITVVGSGNYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSkJPVGx5Wm5CS1ZHWjJUbEZmZFUwdFdGbEJPV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKLXBuN2VzalBjQ0ZiWUhyUVlkRzFBR3F3", "timestampUsec": "1649691685554290", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "MODERATOR"}, "tooltip": "Moderator", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Moderator"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrA99rfpJTfvNQ_uM-XYA9g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:15"}}}, "clientId": "CJ-pn7esjPcCFbYHrQYdG1AGqw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "555746"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "wow go Ontario woooot"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@SandiFischer"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7IOSABh_OA3ps5OQJKNZEvK8ozitDAttm_zzzW7RfpbALykqheHTE62A0UrxXMDQRfYyyF80=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh5UjJoaWFYTnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzQnJibWx5VUd0c00zaG9TMko1UjJORmVHTnpPVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMckdoYmlzalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691687215968", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCpknirPkl3xhKbyGcExcs9A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:17"}}}, "clientId": "CLrGhbisjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "557397"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This kills me. I cannot understand how this keeps happening again and again. To the same children. The abuse ticks me off. Then their $$ is withheld, as well? Still? What’s been done to help them?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bluedaisies1090"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRYVWw5TWJYTnFVR05EUmxWQlNqRm5RV1J4U2poUFZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZZWFpvYlVGTFJHbHhUVTlqTmxOQmRrcE1hV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLV1JfTG1zalBjQ0ZVQUoxZ0FkcUo4T1Z3", "timestampUsec": "1649691691256041", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPEavhmAKDiqMOc6SAvJLig", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:20"}}}, "clientId": "CKWR_LmsjPcCFUAJ1gAdqJ8OVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "560894"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I can barely take care of myself. but I would have taken better care of them"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TheAngrysmurfette"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJsY1hKTWNYTnFVR05EUmxaelNURm5RV1JWZFRCS1dGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSnRXRFpuTmtadmVWbFJSV0ZNUjNsd1lXbEVjMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQZXFyTHFzalBjQ0ZWc0kxZ0FkVXUwSlhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691692045754", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrmX6g6FoyYQEaLGypaiDsQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:21"}}}, "clientId": "CPeqrLqsjPcCFVsI1gAdUu0JXQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "561629"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WTF!!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRxTm0xeWRYTnFVR05EUmxKRVMzZFJiMlJtUjAxUFVXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLajZtcnVzalBjQ0ZSREt3UW9kZkdNT1Fn", "timestampUsec": "1649691693858146", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:23"}}}, "clientId": "CKj6mrusjPcCFRDKwQodfGMOQg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "563471"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNNS0Z2N3VzalBjQ0ZUSUoxZ0FkaUZ3TmJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691694449392"}}, "clientId": "CMKFv7usjPcCFTIJ1gAdiFwNbg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "564034"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNLNmQyc0NzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691705380577"}}, "clientId": "CK6d2sCsjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "576525"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Woohoo Ontario! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"text": " lol "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJEVTNSelIzTnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQQ1N0c0dzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691706886562", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:38"}}}, "clientId": "CPCStsGsjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "578087"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WTAF MAN!! What is wrong with people?? How the hell could this happen again? These poor bloody kids, how are they EVER going to trust anyone & feel safe & loved. My heart breaks for these poor kids "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@traceycolebrook1083"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/F-qjRKrgwxuNd_KSgJasUuFybmSP7Ncvc6YbA0lg06me_awjvuD_8GHEQZloLrSxSEXaNBRESg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/F-qjRKrgwxuNd_KSgJasUuFybmSP7Ncvc6YbA0lg06me_awjvuD_8GHEQZloLrSxSEXaNBRESg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsTVdnNFUzTnFVR05EUmxaUlJXWlJiMlEyYVZGTGMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEydDRNMmRTVTJKVllqWTRibnBpV2xwNGJqaHRPVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZTFoOFNzalBjQ0ZWUUVmUW9kNmlRS3NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691712412405", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCkx3gRSbUb68nzbZZxn8m9Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:43"}}}, "clientId": "CLe1h8SsjPcCFVQEfQod6iQKsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "583193"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Castration "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG90ZURkelUzTnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKLXg3c1NzalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691714099401", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:44"}}}, "clientId": "CJ-x7sSsjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "584900"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "They shouldn’t have to “learn to get by”"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Calimax91"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lRI1JkoN-4rBjVEAunhQWlTo_CiI1NzXUVoHMrlaylB-Y=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lRI1JkoN-4rBjVEAunhQWlTo_CiI1NzXUVoHMrlaylB-Y=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDgzY25OTlYzTnFVR05EUm1WdVRVWm5hMlIwZEZsTVRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVmhNamxvZEhKSmVrUnBja2RLZGs0dFFuSXdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPN3JzTVdzalBjQ0Zlbk1GZ2tkdHRZTExR", "timestampUsec": "1649691715188268", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCea29htrIzDirGJvN-Br0wg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:45"}}}, "clientId": "CO7rsMWsjPcCFenMFgkdttYLLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "585932"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You go Jordan. Your amazing and an Angel to your siblings . "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tammiherren6737"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mGrjYVerGJFfj8oGy1uuxgDQyFDlt6reTnTkmJotw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mGrjYVerGJFfj8oGy1uuxgDQyFDlt6reTnTkmJotw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVZT1RKellYTnFVR05EUmxkbmFuSlJXV1F0WlVGRGVFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwUkZjbXRZTmtkellrUjFlbTUyVm1Ka2QwSXhaWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOWDkyc2FzalBjQ0ZXZ2pyUVlkLWVBQ3hB", "timestampUsec": "1649691717975800", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCDErkX6GsbDuznvVbdwB1ew", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:47"}}}, "clientId": "CNX92sasjPcCFWgjrQYd-eACxA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "587762"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How many times can these children be failed "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😔", "shortcuts": [":pensive_face:", ":pensive:", "u_u"], "searchTerms": ["pensive", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f614/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@decoystars"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kqSi0JCZV9Zk74FH3pt77ZFuZFMHzfiLbToM34IhGdrg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kqSi0JCZV9Zk74FH3pt77ZFuZFMHzfiLbToM34IhGdrg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhEWVRVNFlYTnFVR05EUm1WelNqRm5RV1JmVm5ORFgzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRllkWE00ZFV4emFHOVFkbHBaVFRKRVZubDVkRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMQ2E1OGFzalBjQ0Zlc0oxZ0FkX1ZzQ193", "timestampUsec": "1649691718176104", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCaXus8uLshoPvZYM2DVyytA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:47"}}}, "clientId": "CLCa58asjPcCFesJ1gAd_VsC_w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "587884"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "it is disgusting that these kids thought they were finally safe only to be put into a worse situation. how does this go on for so long?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalammons7907"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHg2Y1RWTllYTnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VmlTMFF4UkRWQlJsTjRUalZLY0dGWmFWTm9TRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMenE1TWFzalBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649691718137190", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5bKD1D5AFSxN5JpaYiShHA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:47"}}}, "clientId": "CLzq5MasjPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "587885"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤮", "shortcuts": [":face_vomiting:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "vomiting"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤮"}}}}}, {"text": " They belong under the jail "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hardtohandle740"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/6MPumxpdqKIXcMErDlqpdaQgSD60RwGTnzcXr7vZ8sv8DS8YyQamYxphG81TNZERVZQvyJ4o-Ec=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/6MPumxpdqKIXcMErDlqpdaQgSD60RwGTnzcXr7vZ8sv8DS8YyQamYxphG81TNZERVZQvyJ4o-Ec=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVVVG1kalpYTnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6bElORGhoVUdOYVNucDZMWGxyV1RSRE5VZ3pjMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOVE5nY2VzalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691718608646", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC9H48aPcZJzz-ykY4C5H3sA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:48"}}}, "clientId": "CNTNgcesjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "588396"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I feel the same Blue Daisy "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💙", "shortcuts": [":blue_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["blue", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f499/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💙"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ4WkRZNFpYTnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQcWQ2OGVzalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691720339749", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:50"}}}, "clientId": "CPqd68esjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "590389"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🇨🇦", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f1e8_1f1e6/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🇨🇦"}}}}}, {"text": " have a great day friends"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amazon411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRtYzJ4TmFYTnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaGhXbGRZUTJwTWFtZDNjWEJqU21Rd09GOWZiRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZnNsTWlzalBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691721021022", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChaZWXCjLjgwqpcJd08__lQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:51"}}}, "clientId": "CKfslMisjPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "591056"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "sick F"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVsWm5oTmNYTnFVR05EUm1aMmFUUjNZMlF0WjNkSFRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZWZ4TXFzalBjQ0Zmdmk0d2NkLWd3R01R", "timestampUsec": "1649691725991986", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:56"}}}, "clientId": "CNefxMqsjPcCFfvi4wcd-gwGMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "596006"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Charge all of them! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TabithaaLynnn"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFIVkRCamRYTnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SjZSRTQyY1RoRFdGWmFNQzAxUmsxRmExQkhjVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNR1QwY3VzalBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691728300548", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC2zDN6q8CXVZ0-5FMEkPGqA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:58"}}}, "clientId": "CMGT0cusjPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "598380"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@recklessgrace1906"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rz-ANuat85P6Rszgydcus1dACoIh3gXiO7ugIybSWlYhvMBqSpfaMBg9pWQvZxJXyM2xb_YO=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rz-ANuat85P6Rszgydcus1dACoIh3gXiO7ugIybSWlYhvMBqSpfaMBg9pWQvZxJXyM2xb_YO=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh4Y0RCTmRYTnFVR05EUmxKTVJYZG5VV1JWTmxGRlVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyeGhVR2RwU21ac09HcG5NRmRJZW1OSldGWkNNM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMcXAwTXVzalBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691728286986", "authorExternalChannelId": "UClaPgiJfl8jg0WHzcIXVB3w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "9:58"}}}, "clientId": "CLqp0MusjPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "598397"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg those poor babies"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@roxannehalfe5450"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LzHIzVP7rWCtC81rhifSq3wT7_oZN_N7UBtcLZVwKi4XU7pntjVvs-dGQzqY4IcLqnfYn3gN=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LzHIzVP7rWCtC81rhifSq3wT7_oZN_N7UBtcLZVwKi4XU7pntjVvs-dGQzqY4IcLqnfYn3gN=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHgxYTNWamVYTnFVR05EUm1WelpYSlJXV1JIVkRCR09FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWTRTbFZXYTJOUWRGTnpSV2xSZWpKMk1tNWtVWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMdWt1Y3lzalBjQ0Zlc2VyUVlkR1QwRjhB", "timestampUsec": "1649691730006639", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCf8JUVkcPtSsEiQz2v2ndQw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:00"}}}, "clientId": "CLukucysjPcCFeserQYdGT0F8A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "600090"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Angela Gallagher- agreed while hanging "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJpUkRkTk5uTnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQYkQ3TTZzalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691735040540", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:04"}}}, "clientId": "CPbD7M6sjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "604750"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "They are scared for life"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mitch5077"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUI1Ym5JNVEzTnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVmhTR0ZPUzE5MlgxRmZUR3BMTW05UlEwRktZbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQeW5yOUNzalBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649691738231865", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCeaHaNK_v_Q_LjK2oQCAJbw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:08"}}}, "clientId": "CPynr9CsjPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "608721"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Gag"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhJWVRJNVEzTnFVR05EUmxkdVlteEJhMlEwYVUxS1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMSGEyOUNzalBjQ0ZXbmJsQWtkNGlNSlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691738959197", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:09"}}}, "clientId": "CLHa29CsjPcCFWnblAkd4iMJSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "609407"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is why I trust nobody with my kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalammons7907"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGwxU0RJNVEzTnFVR05EUmxaTWQzZFJiMlJXTlhkS2RFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VmlTMFF4UkRWQlJsTjRUalZLY0dGWmFWTm9TRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJdUgyOUNzalBjQ0ZWTHd3UW9kVjV3SnRB", "timestampUsec": "1649691738948553", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5bKD1D5AFSxN5JpaYiShHA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:09"}}}, "clientId": "CIuH29CsjPcCFVLwwQodV5wJtA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "609430"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "SUPER CREEP"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQyWDNKa1UzTnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLdl9yZFNzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691746598877", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:17"}}}, "clientId": "CKv_rdSsjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "617412"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "What is the vetting process for foster families? How the hell do these people get thru the system?!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@deb21660"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m-ITf1P5-gf4cBqP3HYdmTKHJShNXq-RsVO415Y0JJAg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m-ITf1P5-gf4cBqP3HYdmTKHJShNXq-RsVO415Y0JJAg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt5Wm5JNVUzTnFVR05EUmxkUFpqVlJZMlJVTFdORWVuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwNDVTakYzT0VZM1oxSndObkJQZWtoMlozYzNNbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJMmZyOVNzalBjQ0ZXT2Y1UWNkVC1jRHp3", "timestampUsec": "1649691746619368", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCN9J1w8F7gRp6pOzHvgw72g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:17"}}}, "clientId": "CI2fr9SsjPcCFWOf5QcdT-cDzw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "617412"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤮", "shortcuts": [":face_vomiting:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "vomiting"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤮"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤮", "shortcuts": [":face_vomiting:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "vomiting"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤮"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤮", "shortcuts": [":face_vomiting:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "vomiting"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤮"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF0T1hRNVUzTnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNbTl0OVNzalBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691746754295", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:17"}}}, "clientId": "CMm9t9SsjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "617509"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These poor kids have been failed and failed again. They have no idea what a \"normal\" family life looks like. And they don't know that this is not normal behavior."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jillybean7011"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRmYUdjNVYzTnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEybG5NREpDZG1ONmJuRjJhRkp5YzBOSmFYUlBhM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLX2hnOVdzalBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649691748004089", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCig02BvcznqvhRrsCIitOkw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:18"}}}, "clientId": "CK_hg9WsjPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "618827"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "sadly thats all too common in foster homes. Many see it as a pay check and free house staff"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBQTTNCa1lYTnFVR05EUm1KWlNISlJXV1JITVVGSGNYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKTzNwZGFzalBjQ0ZiWUhyUVlkRzFBR3F3", "timestampUsec": "1649691750652889", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:20"}}}, "clientId": "CJO3pdasjPcCFbYHrQYdG1AGqw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "620195"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "aww"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Tina-hy8jt"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lVfo1u_MwMXJHf0ZXkhEPWgofl3fH6EDnDytirdlAM47U=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lVfo1u_MwMXJHf0ZXkhEPWgofl3fH6EDnDytirdlAM47U=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFRWHpVNVYzTnFVR05EUmxoTFdEVlJZMlJSTVhkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZDNTVmR3UjNBd1dFNXRUMEk0WDFneFlWZzVNbEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNUF81OVdzalBjQ0ZYS1g1UWNkUTF3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691749646316", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCgwIWpGp0XNmOB8_X1aX92Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:20"}}}, "clientId": "CMP_59WsjPcCFXKX5QcdQ1wMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "620469"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "What is in the "}, {"text": "air "}, {"text": "t"}, {"text": "hat these horrid people breathe??? "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJmZWpsMFlYTnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQX3o5dGFzalBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691751987760", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:21"}}}, "clientId": "CP_z9tasjPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "621541"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤮", "shortcuts": [":face_vomiting:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "vomiting"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤮"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@roxannehalfe5450"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LzHIzVP7rWCtC81rhifSq3wT7_oZN_N7UBtcLZVwKi4XU7pntjVvs-dGQzqY4IcLqnfYn3gN=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/LzHIzVP7rWCtC81rhifSq3wT7_oZN_N7UBtcLZVwKi4XU7pntjVvs-dGQzqY4IcLqnfYn3gN=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR5ZEhaa2NYTnFVR05EUmxwSlJXWlJiMlJWUjBWUFMzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWTRTbFZXYTJOUWRGTnpSV2xSZWpKMk1tNWtVWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcnR2ZHFzalBjQ0ZaSUVmUW9kVUdFT0t3", "timestampUsec": "1649691759441631", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCf8JUVkcPtSsEiQz2v2ndQw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:28"}}}, "clientId": "CKrtvdqsjPcCFZIEfQodUGEOKw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "628923"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": ":("}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVMTnpsa2RYTnFVR05EUmxWTVMzZFJiMlJUYkRoSk5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOSzc5ZHVzalBjQ0ZVTEt3UW9kU2w4STVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691762449942", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:31"}}}, "clientId": "CNK79dusjPcCFULKwQodSl8I5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "631753"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💉", "shortcuts": [":syringe:"], "searchTerms": ["syringe"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f489/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💉"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💉", "shortcuts": [":syringe:"], "searchTerms": ["syringe"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f489/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💉"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💉", "shortcuts": [":syringe:"], "searchTerms": ["syringe"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f489/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💉"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBwZEhWMGVYTnFVR05EUmxaTWQzZFJiMlJXTlhkS2RFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKaXR1dHlzalBjQ0ZWTHd3UW9kVjV3SnRB", "timestampUsec": "1649691763578578", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:32"}}}, "clientId": "CJitutysjPcCFVLwwQodV5wJtA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "632889"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Those animals, adopt children for money!! OMG. Throw them in prison and throw away the key! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bbe3034"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDgyVG5FNU1uTnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UlVWMXAwTTBsRWNVSjZaRzFsZERsVGFrMHRaWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPNk5xOTJzalBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691765425946", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4TWZt3IDqBzdmet9SjM-ew", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:35"}}}, "clientId": "CO6Nq92sjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "635380"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "that's FD UPPPPP"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHN0UVhZNU5uTnFVR05EUm1OMlRXeEJhMlJOYjBsTVRuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLLUF2OTZzalBjQ0Zjdk1sQWtkTW9JTE53", "timestampUsec": "1649691767849112", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:37"}}}, "clientId": "CK-Av96sjPcCFcvMlAkdMoILNw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "637752"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi Annie + everybody, from southern Minnesota"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bettywith2girls"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBRZW5rNUxYTnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjZVVGRxZWpGMWJVbFdlbXRuZEcxMlVXRjZjSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKUHp5OS1zalBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691770157495", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCazQ7jz1umIVzkgtmvQazpw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:40"}}}, "clientId": "CJPzy9-sjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "640090"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Sadistic "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hipe4191"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nck4tTs4FIPm8acUagz0t5KKhYR-sEN4_TI7ChBTDUhG8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBZUVRWMVEzTnFVR05EUmxOUlNURm5RV1JEYWsxRldFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1VVzFKVUZkS1luVnZWbWRTYkZnME5XUTRWRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKWEE1dUNzalBjQ0ZTUUkxZ0FkQ2pNRVhB", "timestampUsec": "1649691772690521", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfQmIPWJbuoVgRlX45d8TA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:41"}}}, "clientId": "CJXA5uCsjPcCFSQI1gAdCjMEXA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "641670"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Karmageddon will catch them…. Or castration hopefully "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amazon411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHd0YVdkbFIzTnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaGhXbGRZUTJwTWFtZDNjWEJqU21Rd09GOWZiRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMLWlnZUdzalBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691773129067", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChaZWXCjLjgwqpcJd08__lQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:42"}}}, "clientId": "CL-igeGsjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "642404"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Annie you look extraordinary as always!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chefbetsy9094"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lI5aDxWDIVwQWn2Dun0faVxVMFYeD0rw9iq9KQ0ltN2dR9pCPWY0WuJ6rPOPQusko1-w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lI5aDxWDIVwQWn2Dun0faVxVMFYeD0rw9iq9KQ0ltN2dR9pCPWY0WuJ6rPOPQusko1-w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR0UkRKUFIzTnFVR05EUmxGelN6Rm5RV1IyYWxWRU5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRlFlVWhGVjJORVJHNDVjblZaYUROaFlsZFdiR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOLUQyT0dzalBjQ0ZRc0sxZ0FkdmpVRDVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691774550539", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQPyHEWcDDn9ruYh3abWVlg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:43"}}}, "clientId": "CN-D2OGsjPcCFQsK1gAdvjUD5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "643544"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "we have too many people crowding this planet. People who sa children need to be removed permanently"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@soybean1989"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1ZGpJdFMzTnFVR05EUmxwSlJXWlJiMlJWUjBWUFMzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjBOVTFpUWpBelRGSjZTbWwxVERGbVZtNUxOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMbnYyLUtzalBjQ0ZaSUVmUW9kVUdFT0t3", "timestampUsec": "1649691776710634", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCat5MbB03LRzJiuL1fVnK4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:46"}}}, "clientId": "CLnv2-KsjPcCFZIEfQodUGEOKw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "646429"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Another system failure "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😣", "shortcuts": [":persevering_face:", ":persevere:"], "searchTerms": ["persevering", "face", "persevere"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f623/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😣"}}}}}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVMV1RGMVUzTnFVR05EUm1WdVRVWm5hMlIwZEZsTVRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOS1kxdVNzalBjQ0Zlbk1GZ2tkdHRZTExR", "timestampUsec": "1649691780811927", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:50"}}}, "clientId": "CNKY1uSsjPcCFenMFgkdttYLLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "650579"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I agree @Matt Bond"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJFZEhKbFYzTnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQRHRyZVdzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691782248215", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:52"}}}, "clientId": "CPDtreWsjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "652006"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤢", "shortcuts": [":nauseated_face:"], "searchTerms": ["nauseated", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f922/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤢"}}}}}, {"text": " so many emotions with this one"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cinder526"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WpBUTGFdo0uFlqHbNeYO_xKubYYyhSVCJEWzdroH6q2MRif1zVB43YbCuP-AqSbovWKK28_WCZg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJpYzNaUFlYTnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVkJabTlEY21wWU5VaG1ObWRxZWxSUU9YRTFOMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQYnN2T2FzalBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691784591013", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUAfoCrjX5Hf6gjzTP9q57Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:54"}}}, "clientId": "CPbsvOasjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "654347"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Fetish "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙅🏽‍♀", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f645_1f3fd_200d_2640/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙅🏽‍♀"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TabithaaLynnn"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BN7eLQhYcnKjC0efUiZrQ4k9XZ-HU7FKeiO9TCIGyCcN35GXq_k8Z17l8vm1WupVXV78uSopyw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFtYTIwdGFYTnFVR05EUmxoeFdUVlJZMlJxYlVsUVVGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6SjZSRTQyY1RoRFdGWmFNQzAxUmsxRmExQkhjVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNZmttLWlzalBjQ0ZYcVk1UWNkam1JUFBR", "timestampUsec": "1649691788243590", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC2zDN6q8CXVZ0-5FMEkPGqA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:57"}}}, "clientId": "CMfkm-isjPcCFXqY5QcdjmIPPQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "657620"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "omg wtffff"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@katheriner.423"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/rb7uSxAIrSLjAd2vARXfXT_MO_Ebor-PYX0VU041bHBEIYgUmbLQSNvFKb_0EAXul76AaEBxp44=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxZVTI1MWFYTnFVR05EUmxWWVVXeEJhMlJQVWxGTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwY3dNMHRhV0Y5d09XSlJWMU5EUTIxM1FUYzVaSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJWFNudWlzalBjQ0ZVWFFsQWtkT1JRTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1649691788290379", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCG03KZX_p9bQWSCCmwA79dw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "10:57"}}}, "clientId": "CIXSnuisjPcCFUXQlAkdORQLhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "657662"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Awful"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@aprilmeza6208"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJRWTI5UGNYTnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbGlWSG8xY1daRmVrMU9ZVXRGZVRSSE1tWjNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQUGNvT3FzalBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691792518829", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCybTz5qfEzMNaKEy4G2fwnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:04"}}}, "clientId": "CPPcoOqsjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "664175"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNJX2V6dXFzalBjQ0ZmU241UWNkWHFvQjJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691793272633"}}, "clientId": "CI_ezuqsjPcCFfSn5QcdXqoB2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "664951"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I didn't think I could be more disgusted but I am. these poor children. I can't."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@AmandaPaige71"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFFV0hWUGVYTnFVR05EUm1aM04zTjNRV1ExY0VGTmJuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbHVaRU5oTFhrMlkwMTBZelZxWnpCS1RWaHdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNRFh1T3lzalBjQ0Zmdzdzd0FkNXBBTW53", "timestampUsec": "1649691797105649", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCyndCa-y6cMtc5jg0JMXpwg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:06"}}}, "clientId": "CMDXuOysjPcCFfw7swAd5pAMnw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "666013"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "making them relive that crap"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😤", "shortcuts": [":face_with_steam_from_nose:", ":triumph:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "steam", "from", "nose", "triumph"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f624/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVpTFcwdGRYTnFVR05EUmxvM1UyeEJhMlEyY1ZsSGRrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYi1tLXVzalBjQ0ZaN1NsQWtkNnFZR3ZB", "timestampUsec": "1649691794538383", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:06"}}}, "clientId": "CNb-m-usjPcCFZ7SlAkd6qYGvA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "666168"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@hardtohandle740"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/6MPumxpdqKIXcMErDlqpdaQgSD60RwGTnzcXr7vZ8sv8DS8YyQamYxphG81TNZERVZQvyJ4o-Ec=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/6MPumxpdqKIXcMErDlqpdaQgSD60RwGTnzcXr7vZ8sv8DS8YyQamYxphG81TNZERVZQvyJ4o-Ec=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR5YTNvdE1uTnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6bElORGhoVUdOYVNucDZMWGxyV1RSRE5VZ3pjMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcmt6LTJzalBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691799581278", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC9H48aPcZJzz-ykY4C5H3sA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:08"}}}, "clientId": "CKrkz-2sjPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "668538"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Agree @Soy Bean!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRRWDJkUVIzTnFVR05EUmxSUVRteEJhMlJPWmxsTWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLUF9nUEdzalBjQ0ZUUE5sQWtkTmZZTHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691806678989", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:16"}}}, "clientId": "CKP_gPGsjPcCFTPNlAkdNfYLsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "676336"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNMSF94ZkdzalBjQ0ZRWUsxZ0FkemFJQnF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691807809519"}}, "clientId": "CLH_xfGsjPcCFQYK1gAdzaIBqw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "677422"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "If you SA a child once your life should be taken point blank period!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalammons7907"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBxTW5KZlQzTnFVR05EUm1OSlNERm5RV1JvVkdOR2RXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VmlTMFF4UkRWQlJsTjRUalZLY0dGWmFWTm9TRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKajJyX09zalBjQ0ZjSUgxZ0FkaFRjRnVn", "timestampUsec": "1649691811642184", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5bKD1D5AFSxN5JpaYiShHA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:22"}}}, "clientId": "CJj2r_OsjPcCFcIH1gAdhTcFug"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "682045"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "sickening"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@keaghlancaffee6070"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mKs9phc2rWOFOweVE4cs5q_F1tSQDHPUVOSIoC3e4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mKs9phc2rWOFOweVE4cs5q_F1tSQDHPUVOSIoC3e4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVZZUY5MlUzTnFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVlBWazAwZVhWSldYcGhPVzVPYTB4VmRuQkNTR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOWHhfdlNzalBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691815033089", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEOVM4yuIYza9nNkLUvpBHg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:25"}}}, "clientId": "CNXx_vSsjPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "685424"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This pisses me off I donated why don’t they have access to the funds ppl donated?? This infuriates me! Which is why I don’t normally donate because all the so called “charities” are scams!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Helloskyyt321"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/N8AW9OCa9dXBp8x9C8OIqJ_SIFMGe6r5owxoMfHCo9TMJyxuuDaSHjGzmWVUXhA8D9sXv-m5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVRTm5abVYzTnFVR05EUm1aRFdqVlJZMlE1ZWsxQ1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwbFJTMVF0UVY5clQyWk5MVkZyTUZJNFoxOTViRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOUDZ2ZldzalBjQ0ZmQ1o1UWNkOXpNQmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691816066450", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCIQKT-A_kOfM-Qk0R8g_ylA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:26"}}}, "clientId": "CNP6vfWsjPcCFfCZ5Qcd9zMBbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "686155"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@soy bean, I agree! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bbe3034"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDk1ZEROZlYzTnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UlVWMXAwTTBsRWNVSjZaRzFsZERsVGFrMHRaWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPeXQzX1dzalBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691816613660", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4TWZt3IDqBzdmet9SjM-ew", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:26"}}}, "clientId": "COyt3_WsjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "686614"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'm late, I'm starting at the beginning. Good wishes All"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@janetcw9808"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/GUx0c7-qSlgoRn5EztjwT9CdM1nHrBxd5GazQiBBZ3Cyads-B3Z54CYARjVa16YFq5mfKsXhlw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/GUx0c7-qSlgoRn5EztjwT9CdM1nHrBxd5GazQiBBZ3Cyads-B3Z54CYARjVa16YFq5mfKsXhlw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR0Vmw5ZlpYTnFVR05EUm1SdlNERm5RV1JXUmtsQlQwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExZGhPRFJ4UkVKTlMzbElUV1JRVFhSeU55MXRkM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOLVZfX2VzalBjQ0Zkb0gxZ0FkVkZJQU9B", "timestampUsec": "1649691821329238", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCWa84qDBMKyHMdPMtr7-mww", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:30"}}}, "clientId": "CN-V__esjPcCFdoH1gAdVFIAOA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "690923"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hit the "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"text": "for Annie "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😀", "shortcuts": [":grinning_face:", ":grinning:", ":D", ":-D", "=D"], "searchTerms": ["grinning", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f600/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😀"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQyVG14ZmFYTnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLdk5sX2lzalBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691821729496", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:31"}}}, "clientId": "CKvNl_isjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "691310"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The family that these children were placed with should have been EXTREMELY screened and actually should have been professionals with experience in severe trauma. This is so disgusting. These poor kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chelseamunroe"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVmUTNOZmFYTnFVR05EUm1WTVFXeEJhMlI0YkdkQ2RtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZHNjV3ByUVRCMVgzVndTSHBJZUhKeFdYQkViWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOX0NzX2lzalBjQ0ZlTEFsQWtkeGxnQnZn", "timestampUsec": "1649691822186906", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCglqjkA0u_upHzHxrqYpDmw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:31"}}}, "clientId": "CN_Cs_isjPcCFeLAlAkdxlgBvg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "691782"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'm sick"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@CannaKris22"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/188NYy7s4AK-OFMB5SXG5sZIqz22BY_3u54W0riSeWPohxXxYrHN_A6p0VkFiEE7pcwB7P9r=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/188NYy7s4AK-OFMB5SXG5sZIqz22BY_3u54W0riSeWPohxXxYrHN_A6p0VkFiEE7pcwB7P9r=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ4UkRKbWRYTnFVR05EUmxSdFp6VlJZMlJQZUdkTllrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVXlVelp6V1daYWVtVkRjWHBVTWtST2RTMUdjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQcUQyZnVzalBjQ0ZUbWc1UWNkT3hnTWJB", "timestampUsec": "1649691829092937", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCe2S6sYfZzeCqzT2DNu-Fqg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:39"}}}, "clientId": "CPqD2fusjPcCFTmg5QcdOxgMbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "699690"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Ugh how can this story ever get ANY WORSE?! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@DaughterOfTheK1ng1991"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/UvPXRfsC19jdqfATf-iKK9s53KsgoPHSq36cJSWakMfcLn8NOb_hh3QwHCSP6Iq-snL3s5HwyQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/UvPXRfsC19jdqfATf-iKK9s53KsgoPHSq36cJSWakMfcLn8NOb_hh3QwHCSP6Iq-snL3s5HwyQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDUxTm5SMk1uTnFVR05EUm1WelNERm5RV1JFT1dOR1ZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwaGpSSG95WjNoMFNtTTJlWGhFVld4R0xWSkJjRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOdTZ0djJzalBjQ0Zlc0gxZ0FkRDljRlZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691832720779", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCHcDz2gxtJc6yxDUlF-RApA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:41"}}}, "clientId": "CNu6tv2sjPcCFesH1gAdD9cFVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "701868"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is making me feel physically ill. Lock these horrible monsters up. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@lisaswanson7442"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ktaANRx1MF2FD16ftWvK4lvId1arm6IBY_8yqbBkE=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ktaANRx1MF2FD16ftWvK4lvId1arm6IBY_8yqbBkE=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDloT1hsMk1uTnFVR05EUmxKdlluSlJXV1JFYkVWRmMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzWjZjMUpKYkZNd01teEViblZHU0VsVU0wczNORkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPYTl5djJzalBjQ0ZSb2JyUVlkRGxFRXNR", "timestampUsec": "1649691833048860", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCvzsRIlS02lDnuFHIT3K74Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:42"}}}, "clientId": "COa9yv2sjPcCFRobrQYdDlEEsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "702227"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Yes "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@pochitamexicana"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7tpF9nG0aDGbcLC1ZPnwcyMozOUC1Gozf5Lb24d-V8E6dAmKKPUAFMhY_I1rdWIxfWYJ3SMV=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7tpF9nG0aDGbcLC1ZPnwcyMozOUC1Gozf5Lb24d-V8E6dAmKKPUAFMhY_I1rdWIxfWYJ3SMV=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVRYWpWbU1uTnFVR05EUm1WelpYSlJXV1JIVkRCR09FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6RjFWbmxyWTBoNlJuTjBNbmhYZG1kNmQycFBkRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOUGo1ZjJzalBjQ0Zlc2VyUVlkR1QwRjhB", "timestampUsec": "1649691833496078", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC1uVykcHzFst2xWvgzwjOtQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:42"}}}, "clientId": "CNPj5f2sjPcCFeserQYdGT0F8A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "702611"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "To be a used & then Placed in another foster home where you get abused more? Then you go to another foster home and SA’d them multiple times?They KNEW these kids had been abused previously."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bluedaisies1090"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJEYTJ0bU5uTnFVR05EUm1SdlNERm5RV1JXUmtsQlQwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZZWFpvYlVGTFJHbHhUVTlqTmxOQmRrcE1hV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQQ2trZjZzalBjQ0Zkb0gxZ0FkVkZJQU9B", "timestampUsec": "1649691834208938", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPEavhmAKDiqMOc6SAvJLig", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:43"}}}, "clientId": "CPCkkf6sjPcCFdoH1gAdVFIAOA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "703417"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this hurts my "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"text": "so much"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxYZFRGZkxYTnFVR05EUmxSSlNqRm5RV1JwUm5kT1ltY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJV3UxXy1zalBjQ0ZUSUoxZ0FkaUZ3TmJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691837454125", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:47"}}}, "clientId": "CIWu1_-sjPcCFTIJ1gAdiFwNbg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "707550"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Annie how awful and sick this world is coming to!!!"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👎", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_down:", ":-1:", ":thumbsdown:", "(N)", "(n)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "down", "-1", "thumbsdown"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44e/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👎"}}}, "variantIds": ["👎", "👎🏻", "👎🏼", "👎🏽", "👎🏾", "👎🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@deetietz4851"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mMna0eqTxI40bTYxEwnQ3fotkoOzfA5jyFEak676LLhHAOgKlANhBVH3zso3FiQTxzlQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mMna0eqTxI40bTYxEwnQ3fotkoOzfA5jyFEak676LLhHAOgKlANhBVH3zso3FiQTxzlQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFoY21sdlMzUnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEycHRkbmMwY1MxSE9XcFFUVkJmTUhORVZHWldVMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNYXJpb0t0alBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691842483701", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCjmvw4q-G9jPMP_0sDTfVSQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:52"}}}, "clientId": "CMarioKtjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "712299"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This is beyond cruel"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlwTlRCSlQzUnFVR05EUm1SVldISlJXV1JVVGsxT2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPaTUwSU90alBjQ0ZkVVhyUVlkVE5NTnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649691845797282", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "11:56"}}}, "clientId": "COi50IOtjPcCFdUXrQYdTNMNzg", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "716204"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How did they become foster parents "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Calimax91"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lRI1JkoN-4rBjVEAunhQWlTo_CiI1NzXUVoHMrlaylB-Y=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lRI1JkoN-4rBjVEAunhQWlTo_CiI1NzXUVoHMrlaylB-Y=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxxVVRWWlYzUnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVmhNamxvZEhKSmVrUnBja2RLZGs0dFFuSXdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJalE1WVd0alBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691850270801", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCea29htrIzDirGJvN-Br0wg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:00"}}}, "clientId": "CIjQ5YWtjPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "720646"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These horrible people should never see the light of day ever again"}, {"text": " "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@alexandrasamonds2799"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mFnIMgvH8nxo3toY_DYqVXKTYE5_J-xed1aK_7Ylw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVZYUdodlpYUnFVR05EUmxkUFpqVlJZMlJVTFdORWVuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExTnNkMVJ5VFVjeVZFcG9XVzFDYVRkTFRqRkxkbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOWGhob2V0alBjQ0ZXT2Y1UWNkVC1jRHp3", "timestampUsec": "1649691852910862", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCSlwTrMG2TJhYmBi7KN1Kvg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:01"}}}, "clientId": "CNXhhoetjPcCFWOf5QcdT-cDzw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "721766"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I was worried about this"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chefbetsy9094"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lI5aDxWDIVwQWn2Dun0faVxVMFYeD0rw9iq9KQ0ltN2dR9pCPWY0WuJ6rPOPQusko1-w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lI5aDxWDIVwQWn2Dun0faVxVMFYeD0rw9iq9KQ0ltN2dR9pCPWY0WuJ6rPOPQusko1-w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDltT1c5SlpYUnFVR05EUm1GdVdYZFJiMlJ6TW05RFpGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExRlFlVWhGVjJORVJHNDVjblZaYUROaFlsZFdiR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPZjlvSWV0alBjQ0Zhbll3UW9kczJvQ2RR", "timestampUsec": "1649691853340441", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCQPyHEWcDDn9ruYh3abWVlg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:02"}}}, "clientId": "COf9oIetjPcCFanYwQods2oCdQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "722195"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Why would they place children who have already been through so much in a home with adults who hadn’t been trained and experienced with children who have severe trauma "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chelseamunroe"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt5YjIwMGRYUnFVR05EUm1GTVVteEJhMlJMVUZWTFZHY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZHNjV3ByUVRCMVgzVndTSHBJZUhKeFdYQkViWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJMm9tNHV0alBjQ0ZhTFJsQWtkS1BVS1Rn", "timestampUsec": "1649691861636170", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCglqjkA0u_upHzHxrqYpDmw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:11"}}}, "clientId": "CI2om4utjPcCFaLRlAkdKPUKTg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "731162"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "pill's poor baby's"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Tina-hy8jt"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lVfo1u_MwMXJHf0ZXkhEPWgofl3fH6EDnDytirdlAM47U=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lVfo1u_MwMXJHf0ZXkhEPWgofl3fH6EDnDytirdlAM47U=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRJTmpJMGVYUnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZDNTVmR3UjNBd1dFNXRUMEk0WDFneFlWZzVNbEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLSDYyNHl0alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691864792397", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCgwIWpGp0XNmOB8_X1aX92Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:14"}}}, "clientId": "CKH624ytjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "734295"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "so sad "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@dixiegeorge9665"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7wHR_3SJXI7OGlaJ7lpybgZOXP5oZfklK0Y_rNlmS7SSI0kqV4RTWPMzKxTnn5L3ML9h4MFu=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7wHR_3SJXI7OGlaJ7lpybgZOXP5oZfklK0Y_rNlmS7SSI0kqV4RTWPMzKxTnn5L3ML9h4MFu=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDAyWWpSSmVYUnFVR05EUmxSVVRVWm5hMlJXTFVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVXRXVnBEUTNWUVFUQkpTek5zVEhGcFFXUmpVMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNNmI0SXl0alBjQ0ZUVE1GZ2tkVi1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691864862227", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCU-YZCCuPA0IK3lLqiAdcSA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:14"}}}, "clientId": "CM6b4IytjPcCFTTMFgkdV-ENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "734299"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I can't say what I want too without yt getting p**sed"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR0TFRNME1uUnFVR05EUm1aTlJqVjNiMlF4TVRoTVVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLbS0zNDJ0alBjQ0ZmTUY1d29kMTE4TFFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691866947424", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:16"}}}, "clientId": "CKm-342tjPcCFfMF5wod118LQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "736951"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "May Karma find them "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@stephanieinCanada"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NpiZZqDTELQPW7kioqVzyUtWUedWFhAXrwQtU06LQsC1MlnIHkIH4QkcZVAp0fEUCgr-5OwoIe4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGszUVc5Wk5uUnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExbDBMVTUyYzFFNWFHSlhVMFJ5TmpSV1VHaGxWbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJN0FvWTZ0alBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649691868029001", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCYt-NvsQ9hbWSDr64VPheVg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:18"}}}, "clientId": "CI7AoY6tjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "738055"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "nooooo"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@aprilmeza6208"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlYUlc5SkxYUnFVR05EUmxwSlJXWlJiMlJWUjBWUFMzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbGlWSG8xY1daRmVrMU9ZVXRGZVRSSE1tWjNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPV0VvSS10alBjQ0ZaSUVmUW9kVUdFT0t3", "timestampUsec": "1649691870102191", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCybTz5qfEzMNaKEy4G2fwnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:20"}}}, "clientId": "COWEoI-tjPcCFZIEfQodUGEOKw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "740116"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These poor kids don't know that there are good people in the world because bad people are the only people they've been in contact with!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jillybean7011"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kvhHS-j80vltU9od3GZ7ux-NKoe9tzrJ1kUIFIr6MNL54=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlZY0hSdkxYUnFVR05EUmxaelNURm5RV1JWZFRCS1dGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEybG5NREpDZG1ONmJuRjJhRkp5YzBOSmFYUlBhM2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPWHB0by10alBjQ0ZWc0kxZ0FkVXUwSlhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691870475537", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCig02BvcznqvhRrsCIitOkw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:20"}}}, "clientId": "COXpto-tjPcCFVsI1gAdUu0JXQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "740482"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So many dirty evil people"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mitch5077"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFEWkc0MVIzUnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVmhTR0ZPUzE5MlgxRmZUR3BMTW05UlEwRktZbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNQ2RuNUd0alBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649691874283282", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCeaHaNK_v_Q_LjK2oQCAJbw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:23"}}}, "clientId": "CMCdn5GtjPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "743870"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "as someone who wants to be a foster mom or adoptive mom... breaks my spirit"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@TheAngrysmurfette"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/cOXVPBKqk25BEx9k0kBHWR9U5sqo8Wzp4ea8bLtlqyifN7aWvofw-zECugZy6fq8Qf7q73n6S9s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDV0YmpaS1MzUnFVR05EUmxaM1N6Rm5RV1ExYnpSRVZYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSnRXRFpuTmtadmVWbFJSV0ZNUjNsd1lXbEVjMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNObW42Skt0alBjQ0ZWd0sxZ0FkNW80RFV3", "timestampUsec": "1649691877577742", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrmX6g6FoyYQEaLGypaiDsQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:27"}}}, "clientId": "CNmn6JKtjPcCFVwK1gAd5o4DUw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "747259"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRwYURaYVMzUnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLaWg2Wkt0alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691877593308", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:27"}}}, "clientId": "CKih6ZKtjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "747299"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNPZkRfcEt0alBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691877941776"}}, "clientId": "COfD_pKtjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "747623"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "SO DISTURBING "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDEyV204MVUzUnFVR05EUmxGNWRUVlJZMlE0VFVsR01sRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNdlpvNVN0alBjQ0ZReXU1UWNkOE1JRjJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691880647951", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:31"}}}, "clientId": "CMvZo5StjPcCFQyu5Qcd8MIF2Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "751198"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How do they pass screening to become foster parents in the first place."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalammons7907"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJwYW14d1YzUnFVR05EUm1aelRERm5RV1I1TmsxRGNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VmlTMFF4UkRWQlJsTjRUalZLY0dGWmFWTm9TRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQaWpscFd0alBjQ0Zmc0wxZ0FkeTZNQ3BR", "timestampUsec": "1649691882525254", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5bKD1D5AFSxN5JpaYiShHA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:33"}}}, "clientId": "CPijlpWtjPcCFfsL1gAdy6MCpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "753057"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNNN1A5Sld0alBjQ0ZRRFNsQWtkbmlFQV9R", "timestampUsec": "1649691884070947"}}, "clientId": "CM7P9JWtjPcCFQDSlAkdniEA_Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "754567"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WOW!!! heartbreaking af"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@elizabethgregory"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVpU1hWYVlYUnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZObUUyWmxvNGRVcFZXbU40Um5ZME1tUk1iMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYkl1WmF0alBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649691885200518", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPE6a6fZ8uJUZcxFv42dLog", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:35"}}}, "clientId": "CNbIuZatjPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "755689"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNOZUc1WmF0alBjQ0ZTUE1sQWtkOFhzT1N3", "timestampUsec": "1649691885912966"}}, "clientId": "CNeG5ZatjPcCFSPMlAkd8XsOSw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "755808"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "As a foster parent myself this breaks my heart and infuriates me? "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💔", "shortcuts": [":broken_heart:", "</3", "<\\3"], "searchTerms": ["broken", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f494/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💔"}}}}}, {"text": " They should've been in intensive therapy and checked up on regularly. WTF?!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sarahnichols4253"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFwZG5wd1pYUnFVR05EUmxGclgzSlJXV1IyVW05SlMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1aMWRaTld0VWRUZGlhRGRrWjNoMVNFUkhibWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNaXZ6cGV0alBjQ0ZRa19yUVlkdlJvSUtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691887638540", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfgWY5kTu7bh7dgxuHDGng", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:37"}}}, "clientId": "CMivzpetjPcCFQk_rQYdvRoIKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "757462"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "they will be so afraid to trust anyone"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF0VFRGd2FYUnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQLU0xcGl0alBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691889862357", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:39"}}}, "clientId": "CP-M1pitjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "759734"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "nooooo "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😭", "shortcuts": [":loudly_crying_face:", ":sob:", "T_T", ";_;"], "searchTerms": ["loudly", "crying", "face", "sob"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😭"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@AmandaPaige71"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBIU2pkd2JYUnFVR05EUm1KZmFUUjNZMlJCV0VWSmMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbHVaRU5oTFhrMlkwMTBZelZxWnpCS1RWaHdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKR0o3cG10alBjQ0ZiX2k0d2NkQVhFSXNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691892352246", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCyndCa-y6cMtc5jg0JMXpwg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:41"}}}, "clientId": "CJGJ7pmtjPcCFb_i4wcdAXEIsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "761636"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "MONSTERS!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBETlRSd2RYUnFVR05EUmxkcFZ6VlJZMlJqVUhkT1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKQzU0cHV0alBjQ0ZXaVc1UWNkY1B3TmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691896356092", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:46"}}}, "clientId": "CJC54putjPcCFWiW5QcdcPwNbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "766176"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "hopefully karma!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤞🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f91e_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤞🏻"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlQY25CYU5uUnFVR05EUm1KQlNURm5RV1JUWXpSR05IY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPT3JwWjZ0alBjQ0ZiQUkxZ0FkU2M0RjR3", "timestampUsec": "1649691901646348", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:51"}}}, "clientId": "COOrpZ6tjPcCFbAI1gAdSc4F4w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "771907"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Who are these animals????? what kind of system do we have?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@peggys5244"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVpU210S0xYUnFVR05EUm1Zd1gzSlJXV1JvZWtGR2RuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6Vm5jbVpsWkhsUGJtMUhhbXRXWTJKQ1VIQnJPWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYkprSi10alBjQ0ZmMF9yUVlkaHpBRnZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691903403268", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5grfedyOnmGjkVcbBPpk9w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:53"}}}, "clientId": "CNbJkJ-tjPcCFf0_rQYdhzAFvw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "773718"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Why why would anyone do this"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@honeybabie8484"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nsBMqF9UZzfuRBECyjpjPh9A3EVAZsmULOyFOgIzK8ZWQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nsBMqF9UZzfuRBECyjpjPh9A3EVAZsmULOyFOgIzK8ZWQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ0ZG0wMlEzUnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnVkV05NVkdObGJVUjZXbEkwY25ndGEzY3phWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQbXZtNkN0alBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691905677348", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcnucLTcemDzZR4rx-kw3iw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:55"}}}, "clientId": "CPmvm6CtjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "775340"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Why didn’t they screen these foster parents better? Holy crap"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Authenticallyapril_"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J0-hX02Ky3JquLBRcofaawKG2fSnxh85SgVSg5-ChISfFKTmZBsiydI0ulYJjJBMUz6yaxE6rA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFVWDJsTFMzUnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WlJSSGxJYm1KbWMyNDRWbXhhWkZWaVYwdEpRVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNVF9pS0t0alBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649691909570568", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6QDyHnbfsn8VlZdUbWKIAQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:59"}}}, "clientId": "CMT_iKKtjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "779237"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Are you in IG? Post a story of you watching this video and tag Annie @_annieelise to get reposted on her feed. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@RandomGrump"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ZiCFyN7K_Q8SVKbKr5TOqUJvoy_3ouUMy_TXAh4SxhTEf5snwGydfvSSZXsy59OrUBha91yh8A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlQTjJwaFMzUnFVR05EUm1aRVJIZG5VV1IyV0hkS01FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSkJPVGx5Wm5CS1ZHWjJUbEZmZFUwdFdGbEJPV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPTzdqYUt0alBjQ0ZmRER3Z1Fkdlh3SjBB", "timestampUsec": "1649691909655450", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "MODERATOR"}, "tooltip": "Moderator", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Moderator"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrA99rfpJTfvNQ_uM-XYA9g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:59"}}}, "clientId": "COO7jaKtjPcCFfDDwgQdvXwJ0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "779272"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "God is watching "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@dixiegeorge9665"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7wHR_3SJXI7OGlaJ7lpybgZOXP5oZfklK0Y_rNlmS7SSI0kqV4RTWPMzKxTnn5L3ML9h4MFu=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/7wHR_3SJXI7OGlaJ7lpybgZOXP5oZfklK0Y_rNlmS7SSI0kqV4RTWPMzKxTnn5L3ML9h4MFu=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVNVW5GaFMzUnFVR05EUmxoTFdEVlJZMlJSTVhkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVXRXVnBEUTNWUVFUQkpTek5zVEhGcFFXUmpVMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOTFJxYUt0alBjQ0ZYS1g1UWNkUTF3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649691910105352", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCU-YZCCuPA0IK3lLqiAdcSA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "12:59"}}}, "clientId": "CNLRqaKtjPcCFXKX5QcdQ1wMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "779755"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNMR0tpS1N0alBjQ0ZVTEt3UW9kU2w4STVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691913749880"}}, "clientId": "CLGKiKStjPcCFULKwQodSl8I5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "782780"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG. POOR CHILDREN"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxNUkdwTFUzUnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJTERqS1N0alBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691913822647", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:02"}}}, "clientId": "CILDjKStjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "782865"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I can’t even!! My stomach is turning. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBZTm1rMlYzUnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKWDZpNld0alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649691915910470", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:05"}}}, "clientId": "CJX6i6WtjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "785066"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Honestly electric chair "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@ashouriia9466"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/OC6XH6Pio6IIRcWk16p4_92KzpPWrwDxCo5Im58Y5QtjM3_4ixH20-UG1DjBezfMEGIz-U7N=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/OC6XH6Pio6IIRcWk16p4_92KzpPWrwDxCo5Im58Y5QtjM3_4ixH20-UG1DjBezfMEGIz-U7N=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxYVjNkaFpYUnFVR05EUm1OSlNERm5RV1JvVkdOR2RXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6RnJWVTFtVkRSMmEwWkpjaTFKUTBSalJ6WlJlRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJV1d3YWV0alBjQ0ZjSUgxZ0FkaFRjRnVn", "timestampUsec": "1649691920976707", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC1kUMfT4vkFIr-ICDcG6QxA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:11"}}}, "clientId": "CIWWwaetjPcCFcIH1gAdhTcFug"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "791439"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "HEY, CPS // FOSTER CARE SYSTEM "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@melodypruitt993"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/gSHO9m0BWvjWCdrNdEfb0HkBpyYxHeXgYF-ge8vvuHwDrVcbWqe7JoajetZB8bca4YGDWPJM8g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/gSHO9m0BWvjWCdrNdEfb0HkBpyYxHeXgYF-ge8vvuHwDrVcbWqe7JoajetZB8bca4YGDWPJM8g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhJTFc1TGFYUnFVR05EUm1STVlteEJhMlF3ZHpoR1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUnlTRkJHTFdkbFVtaEdVVWxJTVZKMmQweHJZVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMSC1uS2l0alBjQ0ZkTGJsQWtkMHc4RlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691922480994", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdrHPF-geRhFQIH1RvwLkaQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:12"}}}, "clientId": "CLH-nKitjPcCFdLblAkd0w8FSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "792947"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "ABSOLUTELY ENRAGING "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"text": " Where was the case worker "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❓", "shortcuts": [":red_question_mark:", ":question:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "question", "mark"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2753/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❓"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❓", "shortcuts": [":red_question_mark:", ":question:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "question", "mark"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2753/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❓"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❓", "shortcuts": [":red_question_mark:", ":question:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "question", "mark"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2753/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❓"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Candycherry808"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxpVjNoeGFYUnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExZzRSMmR2T1dkMmVHTnFTMDVVT1dGd1MwbEJXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJYld4cWl0alBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691923163958", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCX8Ggo9gvxcjKNT9apKIAYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:13"}}}, "clientId": "CIbWxqitjPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "793610"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "i wish I could foster them and give them love"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessdelea4005"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhmVVRSeGFYUnFVR05EUmxwNlRXeEJhMlJSU21kS2QzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcGxXRlpwT0haTlZtbzBUR2x5V1haTWRuQkJOVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMX1E0cWl0alBjQ0Zaek1sQWtkUUpnSnd3", "timestampUsec": "1649691923622003", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzeXVi8vMVj4LirYvLvpA5A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:14"}}}, "clientId": "CL_Q4qitjPcCFZzMlAkdQJgJww"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "794068"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "me too kyla"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR0V0ROTGVYUnFVR05EUmxWUlNURm5RV1JTZW5OQ00wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOLVgzS3l0alBjQ0ZVUUkxZ0FkUnpzQjNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691931905044", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:21"}}}, "clientId": "CN-X3KytjPcCFUQI1gAdRzsB3A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "801851"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I am angry, so, so angry about the ab*** and SA’s on top of other ab*** after they were placed there after being rescued from house of horrors already. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bluedaisies1090"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lrHWTbFqZoDU9M3ff8W1iLLWIXHPXeSom1GjKU4xvUrnPxLAvT-ZnE0hGd6wW5uxS3EA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJMWm1oTE1uUnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZZWFpvYlVGTFJHbHhUVTlqTmxOQmRrcE1hV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQS2ZoSzJ0alBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691932561444", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPEavhmAKDiqMOc6SAvJLig", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:22"}}}, "clientId": "CPKfhK2tjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "802513"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "These poor children "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@aprilmeza6208"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m302mYU2st24OV29kna6yb6cJnoZPq87-mywdEe30-wjcp=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDAzZG5oeE1uUnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbGlWSG8xY1daRmVrMU9ZVXRGZVRSSE1tWjNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNN3Z4cTJ0alBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691933652991", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCybTz5qfEzMNaKEy4G2fwnw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:23"}}}, "clientId": "CM7vxq2tjPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "803630"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNKTDR2SzZ0alBjQ0ZmUUcxZ0FkYWJBRFh3", "timestampUsec": "1649691935587413"}}, "clientId": "CJL4vK6tjPcCFfQG1gAdabADXw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "805837"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNQNlUzNjZ0alBjQ0ZkTS1zd0FkY3FRUHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691936148138"}}, "clientId": "CP6U366tjPcCFdM-swAdcqQPsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "806396"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "cps foster system is shocking"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHd5Wm01TExYUnFVR05EUmxaelNURm5RV1JWZFRCS1dGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMMmZuSy10alBjQ0ZWc0kxZ0FkVXUwSlhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691937148890", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:27"}}}, "clientId": "CL2fnK-tjPcCFVsI1gAdUu0JXQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "807392"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'm literally crying right now. Lord have mercy!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@AmandaPaige71"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhQU25VMkxYUnFVR05EUm1SMldXeEJhMlJPTlVWQmNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbHVaRU5oTFhrMlkwMTBZelZxWnpCS1RWaHdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMT0p1Ni10alBjQ0ZkdllsQWtkTjVFQXJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691937654019", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCyndCa-y6cMtc5jg0JMXpwg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:27"}}}, "clientId": "CLOJu6-tjPcCFdvYlAkdN5EArw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "807921"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hope their charges are known by the other prisoners"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sarahnichols4253"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx4UTNKaVEzUnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1aMWRaTld0VWRUZGlhRGRrWjNoMVNFUkhibWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJcUNyYkN0alBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649691939520816", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfgWY5kTu7bh7dgxuHDGng", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:29"}}}, "clientId": "CIqCrbCtjPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "809736"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNLM1htTEd0alBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691941284818"}}, "clientId": "CK3XmLGtjPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "810752"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Why is a five year old in diapers?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@noeldee9236"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nlLiD0e2gAcak9XqTUZv8_K3iBXq-pzbqeu8dxGOb6U0A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nlLiD0e2gAcak9XqTUZv8_K3iBXq-pzbqeu8dxGOb6U0A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHd6YXkxaVIzUnFVR05EUmxvM1UyeEJhMlEyY1ZsSGRrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwaDNTbWxEWXpGdU1WazVlVkpmVW1OMmJYWjNjMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMM2stYkd0alBjQ0ZaN1NsQWtkNnFZR3ZB", "timestampUsec": "1649691942875753", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCHwJiCc1n1Y9yR_RcvmvwsA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:32"}}}, "clientId": "CL3k-bGtjPcCFZ7SlAkd6qYGvA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "812347"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "WTH?? These poor kids!!!! That foster family needs to rot in He$%"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Lisa_5591"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mstDReDMqm1bAxVCQvw5T52uNO7QVPISu78xYoo_I=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mstDReDMqm1bAxVCQvw5T52uNO7QVPISu78xYoo_I=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBoV0MxaVMzUnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6bEJNMlpwYWpaS2FuWTNYMEZCYTE5eWJWOW5la0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKYVgtYkt0alBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649691944963053", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC9A3fij6Jjv7_AAk_rm_gzA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:34"}}}, "clientId": "CJaX-bKtjPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "814403"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "dont they vet the fostrr parents? there should b a psych evaluation, background check, all of that"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@soybean1989"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDh5ZVRKeVUzUnFVR05EUm1aRVJIZG5VV1IyV0hkS01FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjBOVTFpUWpBelRGSjZTbWwxVERGbVZtNUxOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPMnkyclN0alBjQ0ZmRER3Z1Fkdlh3SjBB", "timestampUsec": "1649691948653009", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCat5MbB03LRzJiuL1fVnK4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:38"}}}, "clientId": "CO2y2rStjPcCFfDDwgQdvXwJ0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "818691"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "There is absolutely no punishment that would make those sick people feel the torture they gave these kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHR4UnpoTVUzUnFVR05EUmxGSlMzSlJXV1JQZDNkQ04wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLcUc4TFN0alBjQ0ZRSUtyUVlkT3d3QjdB", "timestampUsec": "1649691949007715", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:38"}}}, "clientId": "CKqG8LStjPcCFQIKrQYdOwwB7A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "818923"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I'll bet it wasn't their first Rodeo"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mitch5077"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4peCCxUaf_Fqf40BOiaKPFHhY_jzP2EhX26xP9PxYVeJDWBR0af04VjXZL9Cp92gYol1vrC4wkc=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDltY0RkeVUzUnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVmhTR0ZPUzE5MlgxRmZUR3BMTW05UlEwRktZbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPZnA3clN0alBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649691948987681", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCeaHaNK_v_Q_LjK2oQCAJbw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:40"}}}, "clientId": "COfp7rStjPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "820313"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX-rsLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_10TOLIFER:", ":10TOLIFER:"], "searchTerms": ["_10TOLIFER", "10TOLIFER"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "10TOLIFER"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg/nMAiX-rsLY--gwPM35uADg", "shortcuts": [":_10TOLIFER:", ":10TOLIFER:"], "searchTerms": ["_10TOLIFER", "10TOLIFER"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w24-h24-c-k-nd", "width": 24, "height": 24}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/dOrBNm5q6SePCMMM7u7BVGZGyhaCKmrtn38agJzxWh_rPvb5qDyCT1IxeWg2ceXpefAT8oGd-g=w48-h48-c-k-nd", "width": 48, "height": 48}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "10TOLIFER"}}}, "isCustomEmoji": true}}, {"text": "love you Annie"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalogburn8541"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/pRYJ1NHDKjMO6gEstVB9WUcbKqmwqlC1Dm8tn6n2_KYVx3BfcZODaaJ4jSE_XgdiTJsuFavr-g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/pRYJ1NHDKjMO6gEstVB9WUcbKqmwqlC1Dm8tn6n2_KYVx3BfcZODaaJ4jSE_XgdiTJsuFavr-g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJRU2pJM1YzUnFVR05EUmxaM1N6Rm5RV1ExYnpSRVZYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnFNa1JZTlU5RmFrMXVSRUpaYUc0NU5rVlhhV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQUEoyN1d0alBjQ0ZWd0sxZ0FkNW80RFV3", "timestampUsec": "1649691950769460", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "New member", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "New member"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAj2DX5OEjMnDBYhn96EWig", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:42"}}}, "clientId": "CPPJ27WtjPcCFVwK1gAd5o4DUw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "822051"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "that's one helluva front the ppl must've put up"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlJY1RSeVYzUnFVR05EUm1STkxYTjNRV1JqY1ZGUWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPSHE0cld0alBjQ0ZkTS1zd0FkY3FRUHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691950888325", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:42"}}}, "clientId": "COHq4rWtjPcCFdM-swAdcqQPsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "822160"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I can’t believe this. Why can’t they bet foster families better?! It seems like anyone can do it. Sickening! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LetItB-1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJpVFRCeVlYUnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkdaa1ptUVZoVmRWZzJaMHRQTVZoWmMzZHNXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQYk0wcmF0alBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691952719533", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAFfFfAXUuX6gKO1XYswlYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:44"}}}, "clientId": "CPbM0ratjPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "824056"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "blue daisies...yes absolutely, me too"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJmZDI4M1pYUnFVR05EUm1ObVpuZFJiMlJXUWpoQk1XY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQX3dvN2V0alBjQ0ZjZmZ3UW9kVkI4QTFn", "timestampUsec": "1649691954051267", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:45"}}}, "clientId": "CP_wo7etjPcCFcffwQodVB8A1g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "825337"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "dear god almighty.....this is horrendous"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@emmurphy6387"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQxTFRRM1pYUnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VnBaV2h4VVhrNFNVbE5lRUpoZUVGbVVXODFOVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLdS00N2V0alBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649691955093318", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5iehqQy8IIMxBaxAfQo55Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:46"}}}, "clientId": "CKu-47etjPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "826385"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "how did these people get selected to be foster parents?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@lisawhereisthecultjam"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_pZBLXsngljLokU9R5ZpeXn2oGkCWYjqBbcmKTXPuo-_TkDkXtt0L-f5HG_x375VJnqzND2yf5E=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_pZBLXsngljLokU9R5ZpeXn2oGkCWYjqBbcmKTXPuo-_TkDkXtt0L-f5HG_x375VJnqzND2yf5E=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFVT1MxaWFYUnFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6QlhTRFZVTUVOalJtdGxZMFpUT1dwdVJEUTVlV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNVDktYml0alBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649691957559028", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC0WH5T0CcFkecFS9jnD49yg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:47"}}}, "clientId": "CMT9-bitjPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "827096"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You look beautiful! I hope your day is amazing!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@littleanniek9092"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj0Z2aHovaqTYIED7596us4aDwPf5fLWLfdTX4wbYTavg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj0Z2aHovaqTYIED7596us4aDwPf5fLWLfdTX4wbYTavg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHQ1VkdjM2JYUnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUkVSMDFtYkMxS1RWTkVlamRNWWxaelRraG9lRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLeVRnN210alBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691957709265", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdDGMfl-JMSDz7LbVsNHhxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:47"}}}, "clientId": "CKyTg7mtjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "827316"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "that's upsetting "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😡", "shortcuts": [":pouting_face:", ":rage:", ">:(", ">:-(", ">=("], "searchTerms": ["pouting", "face", "rage"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f621/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😡"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cicada1987"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVpZVhnM2JYUnFVR05EUmxjelVteEJhMlJwTjAxQ2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSlpjV0pZUlZWdFNtSTBlV2RaWVVoR1lVUXpZa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYnl4N210alBjQ0ZXM1JsQWtkaTdNQnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649691958835581", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrYqbXEUmJb4ygYaHFaD3bA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:48"}}}, "clientId": "CNbyx7mtjPcCFW3RlAkdi7MBzg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "828436"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hope these kids find people who show them love and not abuse them.. . poor kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chasityhicks8217"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1PCSRtLBN14UdwpaEIXRQitoj0eY_65vGaMMg-6b44FC7k0quSYW5n20HOkb-6ryiOb9GTgwrj0=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/1PCSRtLBN14UdwpaEIXRQitoj0eY_65vGaMMg-6b44FC7k0quSYW5n20HOkb-6ryiOb9GTgwrj0=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDkyYTNwTWNYUnFVR05EUmxKTVJYZG5VV1JWTmxGRlVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTk1ZMk40VTFoalZuSTVSVzF4TlhCQ00ybHRPR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPdmt6THF0alBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649691961012888", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcLccxSXcVr9Emq5pB3im8g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:50"}}}, "clientId": "COvkzLqtjPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "830534"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Prayers for these poor children "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBEUXpOaWNYUnFVR05EUmxoeFdUVlJZMlJxYlVsUVVGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKQ0MzYnF0alBjQ0ZYcVk1UWNkam1JUFBR", "timestampUsec": "1649691961278794", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:51"}}}, "clientId": "CJCC3bqtjPcCFXqY5QcdjmIPPQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "831077"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The punishment for this should be 100x more severe because of the children’s past and the great responsibility they were trusted with for giving these children a normal life.They continued the abuse "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chelseamunroe"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB5WHpZM2NYUnFVR05EUmxGRVUyeEJhMlJ1YVVWQlgxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZHNjV3ByUVRCMVgzVndTSHBJZUhKeFdYQkViWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcl82N3F0alBjQ0ZRRFNsQWtkbmlFQV9R", "timestampUsec": "1649691961524173", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCglqjkA0u_upHzHxrqYpDmw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:51"}}}, "clientId": "CJr_67qtjPcCFQDSlAkdniEA_Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "831329"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This case is one of the worst you've ever covered"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF6YkMxTWNYUnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQM2wtTHF0alBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691961733939", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:51"}}}, "clientId": "CP3l-LqtjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "831445"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Gross"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@missrisser21"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kk5kgh-r02wpV87tQ7ieQM_4itqODgcZv0jisotUNW7g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kk5kgh-r02wpV87tQ7ieQM_4itqODgcZv0jisotUNW7g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRNTWpGTWRYUnFVR05EUm1aRFdqVlJZMlE1ZWsxQ1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwaHhNVTkyY0dRelpIVkZSVkZ6YkV0eE5sUlhRbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLTDIxTHV0alBjQ0ZmQ1o1UWNkOXpNQmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691963243364", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCHq1Ovpd3duEEQslKq6TWBg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:53"}}}, "clientId": "CKL21LutjPcCFfCZ5Qcd9zMBbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "833029"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Karly- I just don’t understand how anyone could do this to other human beings let alone children. And children they have already endured HELL "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVFVVRnM01uUnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNORFE4NzJ0alBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649691967940725", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "13:57"}}}, "clientId": "CNDQ872tjPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "837110"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNNN2tnOEd0alBjQ0ZkdllsQWtkTjVFQXJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649691974496929"}}, "clientId": "CM7kg8GtjPcCFdvYlAkdN5EArw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "845969"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNLcTQ5Y0d0alBjQ0ZkTGJsQWtkMHc4RlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691976358995"}}, "clientId": "CKq49cGtjPcCFdLblAkd0w8FSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "847827"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "VET foster families I meant "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LetItB-1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhRWlhCelMzUnFVR05EUmxGNWRUVlJZMlE0VFVsR01sRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkdaa1ptUVZoVmRWZzJaMHRQTVZoWmMzZHNXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMUGVwc0t0alBjQ0ZReXU1UWNkOE1JRjJR", "timestampUsec": "1649691977166717", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAFfFfAXUuX6gKO1XYswlYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:08"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLPepsKtjPcCFQyu5Qcd8MIF2Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "848688"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The case worker should be locked up!!!!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@peggys5244"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsTkhGelMzUnFVR05EUmxWRlNISlJXV1JuYzNkUE5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6Vm5jbVpsWkhsUGJtMUhhbXRXWTJKQ1VIQnJPWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZTRxc0t0alBjQ0ZVRUhyUVlkZ3N3TzVB", "timestampUsec": "1649691977227359", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5grfedyOnmGjkVcbBPpk9w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:08"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLe4qsKtjPcCFUEHrQYdgswO5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "848762"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Those poor children "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@honeybabie8484"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nsBMqF9UZzfuRBECyjpjPh9A3EVAZsmULOyFOgIzK8ZWQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nsBMqF9UZzfuRBECyjpjPh9A3EVAZsmULOyFOgIzK8ZWQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB4U0hBNFYzUnFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyTnVkV05NVkdObGJVUjZXbEkwY25ndGEzY3phWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcUhwOFd0alBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649691983463380", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCcnucLTcemDzZR4rx-kw3iw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:13"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJqHp8WtjPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "853217"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I want to foster them and show them love"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessdelea4005"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVIWVhaTlpYUnFVR05EUm1KZmFUUjNZMlJCV0VWSmMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcGxXRlpwT0haTlZtbzBUR2x5V1haTWRuQkJOVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOR2F2TWV0alBjQ0ZiX2k0d2NkQVhFSXNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691988004235", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzeXVi8vMVj4LirYvLvpA5A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNGavMetjPcCFb_i4wcdAXEIsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "857893"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Poor babies"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVQYVhsamVYUnFVR05EUmxkdVlteEJhMlEwYVUxS1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOT2l5Y3l0alBjQ0ZXbmJsQWtkNGlNSlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649691998704006", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:28"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNOiycytjPcCFWnblAkd4iMJSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "868752"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "The case worker needs to be charged "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😣", "shortcuts": [":persevering_face:", ":persevere:"], "searchTerms": ["persevering", "face", "persevere"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f623/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😣"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😣", "shortcuts": [":persevering_face:", ":persevere:"], "searchTerms": ["persevering", "face", "persevere"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f623/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😣"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhQYW1oek1uUnFVR05EUm1KeFV6VlJZMlEyYmpSSFlrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMT2poczJ0alBjQ0ZicVM1UWNkNm40R2JB", "timestampUsec": "1649691999703525", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:29"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLOjhs2tjPcCFbqS5Qcd6n4GbA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "869802"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "could have been Pull-Ups and usually children who are S.A.\"d usually have problems"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHczZDNoak1uUnFVR05EUmxGTlN6Rm5RV1J1YjAxTlFWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMN3d4YzJ0alBjQ0ZRTUsxZ0Fkbm9NTUFR", "timestampUsec": "1649692000745595", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:30"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CL7wxc2tjPcCFQMK1gAdnoMMAQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "870826"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPlaceholderItemRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNOSE1vYy10alBjQ0ZiN2RsQWtkclpZTEtB", "timestampUsec": "1649692004345485"}}, "clientId": "CNHMoc-tjPcCFb7dlAkdrZYLKA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "873577"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "the case worker is to blame too,did they check on the foster care ts,kids...were they checked at all"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxMY0doa1EzUnFVR05EUm1OdlNERm5RV1JYTVVsS1UxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJS3BoZEN0alBjQ0Zjb0gxZ0FkVzFJSlNR", "timestampUsec": "1649692005979339", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:35"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIKphdCtjPcCFcoH1gAdW1IJSQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "875208"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "You're right...this is worse because they were supposed to be safe finally and then endured more abuse "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😡", "shortcuts": [":pouting_face:", ":rage:", ">:(", ">:-(", ">=("], "searchTerms": ["pouting", "face", "rage"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f621/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😡"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sarahnichols4253"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhJVkRBNVIzUnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1aMWRaTld0VWRUZGlhRGRrWjNoMVNFUkhibWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMSFQwOUd0alBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649692009359852", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfgWY5kTu7bh7dgxuHDGng", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:38"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLHT09GtjPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "878620"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "the system failed them again"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@elizabethgregory"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB1ZGpsa1IzUnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZObUUyWmxvNGRVcFZXbU40Um5ZME1tUk1iMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKbnY5ZEd0alBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649692009920459", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPE6a6fZ8uJUZcxFv42dLog", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:39"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJnv9dGtjPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "879107"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Calling those people (the Foster Parents) depraved is not too strong!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@harrybiggmuth2765"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lASH2R6hL_K1d0si_ZCTGpKxArK4TN-is9lr13qKWcEA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lASH2R6hL_K1d0si_ZCTGpKxArK4TN-is9lr13qKWcEA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlZVUhWa1QzUnFVR05EUm1aTlJqVjNiMlF4TVRoTVVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbFBhV2hVVUdGdlFsVTRlbU0yWjNZMVl6VTNibmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPWFB1ZE90alBjQ0ZmTUY1d29kMTE4TFFB", "timestampUsec": "1649692013127697", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCyOihTPaoBU8zc6gv5c57nw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:43"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COXPudOtjPcCFfMF5wod118LQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "883176"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "CPS will leave kids in places like that yet take kids from parents who are doing there absolute best"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@crystalammons7907"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/w43PM5Kq6BC6tTcSSKncbdTbBpO7c1MJstq6xLJEOSOOsNpQRRibkfS20ggkyaCMh57FFg3NvA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxRUTNGa1UzUnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VmlTMFF4UkRWQlJsTjRUalZLY0dGWmFWTm9TRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJUENxZFN0alBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649692014960944", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5bKD1D5AFSxN5JpaYiShHA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:45"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIPCqdStjPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "885034"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wow. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}, {"text": " Yes, how did this happen again"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "⁉", "shortcuts": [":exclamation_question_mark:", ":interrobang:"], "searchTerms": ["exclamation", "question", "mark", "interrobang"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2049/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "⁉"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bettywith2girls"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHN5WjJ4T1YzUnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjZVVGRxZWpGMWJVbFdlbXRuZEcxMlVXRjZjSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLMmdsTld0alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692016709726", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCazQ7jz1umIVzkgtmvQazpw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:46"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CK2glNWtjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "886512"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So sad on so many levels "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHAyU1haT1YzUnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKdkl2Tld0alBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649692017370185", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:47"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJvIvNWtjPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "887156"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So many Foster Parents are Monsters in disguise! A huge percentage only do it for the paycheck. It’s heartbreaking that so many kids get removed from their homes to be put into worse homes"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kathy411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/inVoked7EBsDx8mRPmi8fYdC6i5bWX1tRH59kAKFmGFGvhWkYoz7VidBf4Tmu8ZVir2g0hpI9g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/inVoked7EBsDx8mRPmi8fYdC6i5bWX1tRH59kAKFmGFGvhWkYoz7VidBf4Tmu8ZVir2g0hpI9g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhUV0hka1pYUnFVR05EUm1WdVRVWm5hMlIwZEZsTVRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyNVZUMnBxWW1kQmMxRnBWRGt3VlVWMExXUmlSVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMU1h3ZGV0alBjQ0Zlbk1GZ2tkdHRZTExR", "timestampUsec": "1649692021640169", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCnUOjjbgAsQiT90UEt-dbEA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:51"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLSXwdetjPcCFenMFgkdttYLLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "891680"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I would guess, no. no they do not."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@lisawhereisthecultjam"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_pZBLXsngljLokU9R5ZpeXn2oGkCWYjqBbcmKTXPuo-_TkDkXtt0L-f5HG_x375VJnqzND2yf5E=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/_pZBLXsngljLokU9R5ZpeXn2oGkCWYjqBbcmKTXPuo-_TkDkXtt0L-f5HG_x375VJnqzND2yf5E=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhUVUhoa2JYUnFVR05EUmxkdVlteEJhMlEwYVUxS1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6QlhTRFZVTUVOalJtdGxZMFpUT1dwdVJEUTVlV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMU1B4ZG10alBjQ0ZXbmJsQWtkNGlNSlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649692025898974", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC0WH5T0CcFkecFS9jnD49yg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLSPxdmtjPcCFWnblAkd4iMJSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "895271"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "this is horrible my heart breaks for all children involved"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kristenbaker8807"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_no0dw60WE5O634seRahRphIAC3iz9FeK1Lt6COHDY=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_no0dw60WE5O634seRahRphIAC3iz9FeK1Lt6COHDY=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlVVG5WT2RYUnFVR05EUmxGNWRUVlJZMlE0VFVsR01sRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVm1ZM0JMTWxaVVVUZEtkVzQzVGxSVExWUmtOMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPVE51TnV0alBjQ0ZReXU1UWNkOE1JRjJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692029888286", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCufcpK2VTQ7Jun7NTS-Td7A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "14:59"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COTNuNutjPcCFQyu5Qcd8MIF2Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "899329"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "ffs this is horrific"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB5V0c0NU1uUnFVR05EUm1SdlNERm5RV1JXUmtsQlQwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKclhuOTJ0alBjQ0Zkb0gxZ0FkVkZJQU9B", "timestampUsec": "1649692033674190", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:02"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJrXn92tjPcCFdoH1gAdVFIAOA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "902629"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "where were the social workers??????"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@emmurphy6387"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDl5TVhjNU1uUnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VnBaV2h4VVhrNFNVbE5lRUpoZUVGbVVXODFOVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPcjF3OTJ0alBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649692034267932", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5iehqQy8IIMxBaxAfQo55Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:03"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COr1w92tjPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "903198"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "heartbreaking"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@susantrapp3769"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/-FR2e7bmoF_yZvB_FeuWbgz4H9td1j26W5vRJOS5baGk-Z3jcEh4TkXGrt1CLIXM3Sea-a2fHg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/-FR2e7bmoF_yZvB_FeuWbgz4H9td1j26W5vRJOS5baGk-Z3jcEh4TkXGrt1CLIXM3Sea-a2fHg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhRVVhoT05uUnFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExY3RMWGRvVVVGVlVHZDZiV3d6VkdkcVduRXlURkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMUFF4TjZ0alBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649692036376671", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCW--whQAUPgzml3TgjZq2LQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:06"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLPQxN6tjPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "906036"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This breaks my heart."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Robin-ni6fs"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/FJpUBtFa17O0XKLbuFcHGaHFe5T2T4sCLw8sBE_lXFbjBhpqis0w2P0EUO0VjmZgx5Ir6zcB=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/FJpUBtFa17O0XKLbuFcHGaHFe5T2T4sCLw8sBE_lXFbjBhpqis0w2P0EUO0VjmZgx5Ir6zcB=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR6ZG5KMVMzUnFVR05EUmxaWGFUVlJZMlE1U0c5Q1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyMHpOMVpTVVdveFJtMXNYMEpmZDFGWmFYZERlSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOM3ZydUt0alBjQ0ZWV2k1UWNkOUhvQkFn", "timestampUsec": "1649692044408843", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCm37VRQj1Fml_B_wQYiwCxw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:15"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CN3vruKtjPcCFVWi5Qcd9HoBAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "915319"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Come Lord Jesus...We need you"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF4UnpBdFQzUnFVR05EUm1STkxYTjNRV1JqY1ZGUWMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcUcwLU90alBjQ0ZkTS1zd0FkY3FRUHNB", "timestampUsec": "1649692047098748", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMqG0-OtjPcCFdM-swAdcqQPsA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "917050"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wth. The system is broken "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LetItB-1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJwVlhCMVlYUnFVR05EUmxKTFdEVlJZMlJOY0hOSWNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkdaa1ptUVZoVmRWZzJaMHRQTVZoWmMzZHNXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQaVVwdWF0alBjQ0ZSS1g1UWNkTXBzSHJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692052654786", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAFfFfAXUuX6gKO1XYswlYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPiUpuatjPcCFRKX5QcdMpsHrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "921969"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Previous Video: "}, {"text": "https://youtu.be/KwPqhWjIyjU", "navigationEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"url": "https://youtu.be/KwPqhWjIyjU", "webPageType": "WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN", "rootVe": 83769}}, "urlEndpoint": {"url": "https://youtu.be/KwPqhWjIyjU", "target": "TARGET_NEW_WINDOW", "nofollow": true}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJNTFhFdFpYUnFVR05EUmxsVmNISlJXV1JIYmxGSmFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQTC1xLWV0alBjQ0ZZVXByUVlkR25RSWh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692054917444", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPL-q-etjPcCFYUprQYdGnQIhw", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "925176"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "wow wtf? I really hate people sometimes. why would anybody do something like this to any of them."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Brittney356"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Mi8VWUfqUw4jIbJeWz9QI9p9nKIxCYPCuYmyDkBpFhVehLByZ9helhaSQ3_zXwrHku3sZ3WaCt0=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Mi8VWUfqUw4jIbJeWz9QI9p9nKIxCYPCuYmyDkBpFhVehLByZ9helhaSQ3_zXwrHku3sZ3WaCt0=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDUyVldobGFYUnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwY3RSekJZUkRWYU4zQjFiMGhKYWtKTlIzRXhlWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOdlVoZWl0alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692056316554", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCG-G0XD5Z7puoHIjBMGq1yw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:26"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNvUheitjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "926597"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "CHARGE SOCIAL WORKERS "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhoYUMxUGVYUnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMYWgtT3l0alBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649692066582777", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:37"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLah-OytjPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "937231"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "So the older sisters that got away didn’t have visitation rights? Weird they didn’t know this was going on. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kei3341"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQn0y9vszKZ8xHBnsbHvZMLlyyX12hWrXwTV-ObE9K6w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQn0y9vszKZ8xHBnsbHvZMLlyyX12hWrXwTV-ObE9K6w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx1VXpkUExYUnFVR05EUmxkamNISlJXV1JsWjFGTmNGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WmlXamMwUkVnNVlUWlNaMFJaVmtWS01tSlVURkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJblM3Ty10alBjQ0ZXY3ByUVlkZWdRTXBR", "timestampUsec": "1649692072683834", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6bZ74DH9a6RgDYVEJ2bTLQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:42"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CInS7O-tjPcCFWcprQYdegQMpQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "942178"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I read an article- even prison has a moral code. Prisoners who find out they abused these kids will get destroyed in prison! I hope they have life of hell in prison! This is EVIL. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤬", "shortcuts": [":face_with_symbols_on_mouth:"], "searchTerms": ["face", "with", "symbols", "on", "mouth"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f92c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤬"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bbe3034"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l5ZIbBEgwtZgFkpa5rNV02u-8Vx6YggfmL2j0PeAXobTQsCm2wmmfwdUlmilBjHqr4mA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFYTVd0UVIzUnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6UlVWMXAwTTBsRWNVSjZaRzFsZERsVGFrMHRaWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNVzFrUEd0alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692075367151", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC4TWZt3IDqBzdmet9SjM-ew", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:45"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMW1kPGtjPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "945759"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "She shouldn't be responsible for all her siblings"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUI1ZGpSZlMzUnFVR05EUmxoTFdEVlJZMlJSTVhkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQeXY0X0t0alBjQ0ZYS1g1UWNkUTF3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649692078823464", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "15:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPyv4_KtjPcCFXKX5QcdQ1wMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "949219"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "AMEN @cami burchett I’m saying the same thing! This world needs to just end… "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"text": " I hope He comes soon "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😥", "shortcuts": [":sad_but_relieved_face:", ":disappointed_relieved:"], "searchTerms": ["sad", "but", "relieved", "face", "disappointed"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f625/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😥"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessicawilson4655"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_k_i1_H9Qwtlo-Bez2Smf1SB5_L5tDiP5r484b694SHlA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlxV0haZmJYUnFVR05EUmxvM1UyeEJhMlEyY1ZsSGRrRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVnhTV2cwYlMwMFFWVndjMDFMYkdNM2RUSnNPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPalh2X210alBjQ0ZaN1NsQWtkNnFZR3ZB", "timestampUsec": "1649692092918812", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEqIh4m-4AUpsMKlc7u2l8Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:02"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COjXv_mtjPcCFZ7SlAkd6qYGvA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "962133"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "these poor babies, can you imagine the type of adult these 5 specifically are gonna grow into. its scary"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tashachristy09"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n10iRihLu1YtrOA9WozvedUl6AAw9-xMO8glmbQGyl=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n10iRihLu1YtrOA9WozvedUl6AAw9-xMO8glmbQGyl=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJsT0ROZmNYUnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwMHRaRzg1WDI5UFNtSkxjV3gyUWxRMWREQklkbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQZTgzX3F0alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692095536799", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCM-do9_oOJbKqlvBT5t0Hvw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:06"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPe83_qtjPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "966142"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "it's going to take a while for them to feel comfortable & safe in a good home."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Cicada1987"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/NKhyy6TFejSCU6HphmlJiQrMKCJD8H2C-XYcN7o-DGrVLdwkQt370FWOK21sjOFZXGO92Pvi5g=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJYV1hKbU5uUnFVR05EUmxGRVUyeEJhMlJ1YVVWQlgxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSlpjV0pZUlZWdFNtSTBlV2RaWVVoR1lVUXpZa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQV1lyZjZ0alBjQ0ZRRFNsQWtkbmlFQV9R", "timestampUsec": "1649692103101614", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrYqbXEUmJb4ygYaHFaD3bA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:13"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPWYrf6tjPcCFQDSlAkdniEA_Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "973771"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Please lord let them be safe "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx5TUROWlEzVnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJcjAzWUN1alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692108094015", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIr03YCujPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "977792"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hope they are safe in the new foster home"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Julie-si3hi"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/PXkIFm3fLlxSiY1IlmySOSt7QmTprhunG8BGcVOL_D03yCVNJEEefGrDUZXUrOPs3_ku7HE5=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG8yVUdnMFMzVnFVR05EUm1WelNqRm5RV1JmVm5ORFgzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZG5jak5VY0hKaFRubFZjRWhyZVZOMFJFWkpSR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKNlBoNEt1alBjQ0Zlc0oxZ0FkX1ZzQ193", "timestampUsec": "1649692110866411", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCwgr3TpraNyUpHkyStDFIDg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:21"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJ6Ph4KujPcCFesJ1gAd_VsC_w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "981044"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPaidStickerRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNOTDR3Znl0alBjQ0ZSREt3UW9kZkdNT1Fn", "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAIQ77sEIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVNTkhkbWVYUnFVR05EUmxKRVMzZFJiMlJtUjAxUFVXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyeFZjRWhMU2tGSE1qTjFjak56ZVRoM1prOUpXWGM0QWtnQlVCUSUzRA=="}}, "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampUsec": "1649692113258198", "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ln9exYqaOLk1Z83m5KSQbtI1IE6pgVa303sTqlZ6gxU6I=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ln9exYqaOLk1Z83m5KSQbtI1IE6pgVa303sTqlZ6gxU6I=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@samadyck"}, "authorExternalChannelId": "UClUpHKJAG23ur3sy8wfOIYw", "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:23"}, "sticker": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "//lh3.googleusercontent.com/agY5_IS-HWYMQiU6TrnmjVS74Lq241PS45M6-TqnnE0JxPiM9I4Qx5HEWDpF3bjLrywcrV3e2le-KYkGo3E=s72-rwa", "width": 72, "height": 72}, {"url": "//lh3.googleusercontent.com/agY5_IS-HWYMQiU6TrnmjVS74Lq241PS45M6-TqnnE0JxPiM9I4Qx5HEWDpF3bjLrywcrV3e2le-KYkGo3E=s144-rwa", "width": 144, "height": 144}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Pear character exaggeratedly stretching his arm forward to offer a cup of coffee"}}}, "moneyChipBackgroundColor": 4278248959, "moneyChipTextColor": 4278190080, "purchaseAmountText": {"simpleText": "CA$5.49"}, "stickerDisplayWidth": 72, "stickerDisplayHeight": 72, "backgroundColor": 4278248959, "authorNameTextColor": 3003121664, "trackingParams": "CAIQ77sEIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN", "isV2Style": true}}, "clientId": "CNL4wfytjPcCFRDKwQodfGMOQg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "983392"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "those poor children are so damaged"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@emmurphy6387"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGt6Tm5GWlYzVnFVR05EUm1GdVdYZFJiMlJ6TW05RFpGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VnBaV2h4VVhrNFNVbE5lRUpoZUVGbVVXODFOVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJMzZxWVd1alBjQ0Zhbll3UW9kczJvQ2RR", "timestampUsec": "1649692117728573", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5iehqQy8IIMxBaxAfQo55Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:27"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CI36qYWujPcCFanYwQods2oCdQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "987867"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thank you @keith!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR6VnpjMFpYVnFVR05EUm1SVldISlJXV1JVVGsxT2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOM1c3NGV1alBjQ0ZkVVhyUVlkVE5NTnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649692123130206", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:32"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CN3W74eujPcCFdUXrQYdTNMNzg", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "992277"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "absolutely Kyla Bella I can't believe they didn't put them with people who been foster parents were a long time and also had a lot of experience with children who endure those experiences"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF0YVRZMGFYVnFVR05EUmxWTVMzZFJiMlJUYkRoSk5VRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQLWk2NGl1alBjQ0ZVTEt3UW9kU2w4STVB", "timestampUsec": "1649692125090232", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:34"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CP-i64iujPcCFULKwQodSl8I5A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "994259"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I cant believe this actually happened! What the hell is wrong with people?? These kids have suffered so much to just put them in a home with more people who would abuse them is sickening! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@wiccanmoon0001"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF6ZEdnMGVYVnFVR05EUmxaelNURm5RV1JWZFRCS1dGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6ZEljbmwwVGpoaWFWcHlZVzR5Y21SSFZsQlZWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQM3RoNHl1alBjQ0ZWc0kxZ0FkVXUwSlhR", "timestampUsec": "1649692131850054", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC7HrytN8biZran2rdGVPUWQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:42"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CP3th4yujPcCFVsI1gAdUu0JXQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1002374"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "why can't the kids live with their older siblings?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@rosalalie6417"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lfgUdjqO1PezbA3Hg7mYOjL4UXRkjvOgtToBw2ZvTw1t63Kabp3Gg5IdkHY5hfbJevCQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lfgUdjqO1PezbA3Hg7mYOjL4UXRkjvOgtToBw2ZvTw1t63Kabp3Gg5IdkHY5hfbJevCQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVpWHpCWk1uVnFVR05EUm1aUlJ6Rm5RV1JoWWtGRVdIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRjZkbFp6WVhkMGFEbHRSRVJ4UnpSa1YydGtUbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOYl8wWTJ1alBjQ0ZmUUcxZ0FkYWJBRFh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692135161862", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAzvVsawth9mDDqG4dWkdNg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:45"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNb_0Y2ujPcCFfQG1gAdabADXw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1005673"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "bbe- yes prison has its own code of conduct, they dont support sa offenders either"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@soybean1989"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/hzefnHv3HD7cgysR3BY9n34BL0TS0RgUAq8vWTv6gRKaYNowcZTB62u8CKHZEWuyVwXUKFco7w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlMZVdkSk5uVnFVR05EUm1aalRuSlJXV1JIVDJ0SlUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjBOVTFpUWpBelRGSjZTbWwxVERGbVZtNUxOSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPS3lnSTZ1alBjQ0ZmY05yUVlkR09rSVNB", "timestampUsec": "1649692135922088", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCat5MbB03LRzJiuL1fVnK4w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:45"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COKygI6ujPcCFfcNrQYdGOkISA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1005767"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I think we all feel that way Annie "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDk2YnpGdkxYVnFVR05EUmxkcFZ6VlJZMlJqVUhkT1lsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPem8xby11alBjQ0ZXaVc1UWNkY1B3TmJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692139435210", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COzo1o-ujPcCFWiW5QcdcPwNbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1009266"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "General population in prison hopefully "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amazon411"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WIk9QA5dD88lxPY4K-_ox1dYSUNkUZPDjlKQlicAyqFVaQcX3dXlCMBYWoouwqwJduClmyAG=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFJYVY5WkxYVnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaGhXbGRZUTJwTWFtZDNjWEJqU21Rd09GOWZiRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNSGlfWS11alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692140073337", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChaZWXCjLjgwqpcJd08__lQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMHi_Y-ujPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1009849"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "THESE CHILDREN NEED MUCH PATIENCE AND UNDERSTANDING! MAYBE WITH MORE THAN 2 ADULTS"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHczTlRJMVEzVnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMNzUyNUN1alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692141616362", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:51"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CL7525CujPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1011385"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Since you are in the area please demand that case worker be tried in court. Start a petition or protest that she be held accountable "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chelseamunroe"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhmTFRkYVMzVnFVR05EUm1SMldXeEJhMlJPTlVWQmNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZHNjV3ByUVRCMVgzVndTSHBJZUhKeFdYQkViWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMXy03Wkt1alBjQ0ZkdllsQWtkTjVFQXJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692146106249", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCglqjkA0u_upHzHxrqYpDmw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "16:55"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CL_-7ZKujPcCFdvYlAkdN5EArw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1015587"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hello. They deserve minimum life in prison and the case worker has to be held accountable for it too"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@marlenevaradero"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/oPQirG6PlscP0cLQDGYOk7OCuxjQCCVapYDBWY5PD7lO7ExqH5VlVJJekH0h7Pjmevfmkvikag=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/oPQirG6PlscP0cLQDGYOk7OCuxjQCCVapYDBWY5PD7lO7ExqH5VlVJJekH0h7Pjmevfmkvikag=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxEWTE4MVYzVnFVR05EUmxwZlRHeEJhMlJGWW5OT1VYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6YzViV1pRYUhSNFJtSXhOalI1YXpCd1dGUlNkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJQ2NfNVd1alBjQ0ZaX0xsQWtkRWJzTlF3", "timestampUsec": "1649692152680020", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC79mfPhtxFb164yk0pXTRwg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CICc_5WujPcCFZ_LlAkdEbsNQw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1021826"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "your a good woman Annie"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@orlalolo4585"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lglilEAFVerJbWPvzJX2PP_9GZLV1jhwTdyPtoXEl6gCU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVIWXpZMVlYVnFVR05EUm1aUlJ6Rm5RV1JoWWtGRVdIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyUjVaVVF6UlV0M1ZFUTVRMUp5ZEVkNU5rbGxlR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOR2M2NWF1alBjQ0ZmUUcxZ0FkYWJBRFh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692154449552", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCdyeD3EKwTD9CRrtGy6Iexg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:05"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNGc65aujPcCFfQG1gAdabADXw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1025424"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "And please make sure the kids are taken care of"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@chelseamunroe"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nkpGPImQMuAAnIRAtvT9b5hdrYjJ5LOsdl37u54T5Lf5pFaG_A6TGb2OFIq1cO2tH6IdG7kHiw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJVYm5wS2FYVnFVR05EUm1VM1RteEJhMlJwUW1OTk1FRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyZHNjV3ByUVRCMVgzVndTSHBJZUhKeFdYQkViWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQVG56Sml1alBjQ0ZlN05sQWtkaUJjTTBB", "timestampUsec": "1649692158145605", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCglqjkA0u_upHzHxrqYpDmw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:09"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMI5K7NksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPTnzJiujPcCFe7NlAkdiBcM0A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1029142"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hey Annie!! "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❤", "shortcuts": [":red_heart:", ":heart:", "<3"], "searchTerms": ["red", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2764/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❤"}}}}}, {"text": " Just coming in, I’ll rewind. This breaks my heart. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏", "shortcuts": [":folded_hands:", ":pray:"], "searchTerms": ["folded", "hands", "pray"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏"}}}, "variantIds": ["🙏", "🙏🏻", "🙏🏼", "🙏🏽", "🙏🏾", "🙏🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😢", "shortcuts": [":crying_face:", ":cry:", ":'(", ":'-(", "='("], "searchTerms": ["crying", "face", "cry"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f622/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😢"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🥺", "shortcuts": [":pleading_face:"], "searchTerms": ["pleading", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f97a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🥺"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mamabear525"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/HE2S7wjdncispwTqPlOzvyWoWF4JT3z3KK_cIpCsh5tbn1fbROLUpgG9Q1vuR9nJ0lClW_Lk=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/HE2S7wjdncispwTqPlOzvyWoWF4JT3z3KK_cIpCsh5tbn1fbROLUpgG9Q1vuR9nJ0lClW_Lk=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUEyY0hsd2JYVnFVR05EUmxFelJYZG5VV1F4ZHpoTlMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExZFJjM2cwWWpSNE56TmtNbEZhYkZKbVJqSkhNbmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQNnB5cG11alBjQ0ZRM0V3Z1FkMXc4TUtn", "timestampUsec": "1649692160202044", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCWQsx4b4x73d2QZlRfF2G2w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:10"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CP6pypmujPcCFQ3EwgQd1w8MKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1030689"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "have any of the children publicly told their story?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@haleysutherland9876"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nyz6-JSbsVcQcjCF5IN3WakyQDa_3oH6h4irGhZzkSsI0=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nyz6-JSbsVcQcjCF5IN3WakyQDa_3oH6h4irGhZzkSsI0=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBmV25WYWNYVnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzaElaSHBqY1RoUFNWb3dNMUJaZEdWTWNXVm9RMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKX1p1WnF1alBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649692162026694", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCxHdzcq8OIZ03PYteLqehCQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJ_ZuZqujPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1032504"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Sometimes everyone has to step in to make"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LetItB-1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDV4TTNvMWNYVnFVR05EUmxkVFdUVlJZMlJDTTNkTVZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkdaa1ptUVZoVmRWZzJaMHRQTVZoWmMzZHNXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOcTN6NXF1alBjQ0ZXU1k1UWNkQjN3TFVB", "timestampUsec": "1649692162382867", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAFfFfAXUuX6gKO1XYswlYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNq3z5qujPcCFWSY5QcdB3wLUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1032878"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I live in Ireland or I’d have applied to take them. My heart is broken for these kids. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@wiccanmoon0001"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRmTWw4MWNYVnFVR05EUm1OdlNERm5RV1JYTVVsS1UxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6ZEljbmwwVGpoaWFWcHlZVzR5Y21SSFZsQlZWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLXzJfNXF1alBjQ0Zjb0gxZ0FkVzFJSlNR", "timestampUsec": "1649692163177311", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC7HrytN8biZran2rdGVPUWQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:13"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CK_2_5qujPcCFcoH1gAdW1IJSQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1033679"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "OMG "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😪", "shortcuts": [":sleepy_face:", ":sleepy:"], "searchTerms": ["sleepy", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f62a/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😪"}}}}}, {"text": " this is terrible "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mojo5457"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m0VMsH06Q4Ag6A--sjA3yVHKugnZcpQvctihtExE8=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_m0VMsH06Q4Ag6A--sjA3yVHKugnZcpQvctihtExE8=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMG95Y25KeFEzVnFVR05EUm1OaU5YZFJiMlJHVERCTFRGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwWllkM0kzV0haT1JuY3RURk5NY0VSVE5EVlNSRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKMnJycUN1alBjQ0ZjYjV3UW9kRkwwS0xR", "timestampUsec": "1649692174423500", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCFXwr7XvNFw-LSLpDS45RDA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:24"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJ2rrqCujPcCFcb5wQodFL0KLQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1044423"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Exactly"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF4Y0d3MlIzVnFVR05EUmxSTlExUkJiMlJEYlRoT00zY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcXBsNkd1alBjQ0ZUTUNUQW9kQ204TjN3", "timestampUsec": "1649692176143606", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:25"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMqpl6GujPcCFTMCTAodCm8N3w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1045575"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "2 girls did"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhQYzJkTFQzVnFVR05EUmxaTWQzZFJiMlJXTlhkS2RFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMT3NnS091alBjQ0ZWTHd3UW9kVjV3SnRB", "timestampUsec": "1649692179961446", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:29"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLOsgKOujPcCFVLwwQodV5wJtA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1049431"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "yes....the case worker needs to go to jail!!!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@emmurphy6387"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_nj7PAq489rI6NHK471MkFocojz6YJXKcDqEE2K1NQlj-I_sNgBPBPSsnyomX85OyBptw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBtTFY5eFQzVnFVR05EUm1WelNERm5RV1JFT1dOR1ZuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6VnBaV2h4VVhrNFNVbE5lRUpoZUVGbVVXODFOVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKZi1fcU91alBjQ0Zlc0gxZ0FkRDljRlZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692182036338", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5iehqQy8IIMxBaxAfQo55Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:31"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJf-_qOujPcCFesH1gAdD9cFVw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1051806"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@10 to LIFE - Jordan has said she and the older siblings got similar. They had money kept from them, wernt supplied food, cloths and assistance they were meant to."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUF0UmpkTFUzVnFVR05EUmxKdlluSlJXV1JFYkVWRmMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQLUY3S1N1alBjQ0ZSb2JyUVlkRGxFRXNR", "timestampUsec": "1649692183823162", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:33"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CP-F7KSujPcCFRobrQYdDlEEsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1053542"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "older ones"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxoVlc1eFYzVnFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJYVVucVd1alBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649692184644175", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:34"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIaUnqWujPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1054416"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "PLEASE tell me these kids have a high profile attorney to file a lawsuit on their behalf. This is crazy "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "❗", "shortcuts": [":red_exclamation_mark:", ":exclamation:", ":heavy_exclamation_mark:"], "searchTerms": ["red", "exclamation", "mark", "heavy"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/2757/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "❗"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Candycherry808"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGw1VG5GeFpYVnFVR05EUm1SVldISlJXV1JVVGsxT2VtY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExZzRSMmR2T1dkMmVHTnFTMDVVT1dGd1MwbEJXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJeU5xcWV1alBjQ0ZkVVhyUVlkVE5NTnpn", "timestampUsec": "1649692189034174", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCX8Ggo9gvxcjKNT9apKIAYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:39"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIyNqqeujPcCFdUXrQYdTNMNzg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1059039"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Exactly "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBMU0d0eGFYVnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKS0hrcWl1alBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649692190737338", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:40"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJKHkqiujPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1060484"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "And where did all the donation money go?!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mischaoliver1130"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/BndmVVYwhi5rwpdUTqSrJ7VHHI6oQiCfQFqv3aH0DNTrrZzIwhsv1rgBU4rdV39CJLn4SC8C=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRsZFhsaGJYVnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6aHRkR3BXYW5KeGFWVnRPWFl5U3pseldDMWtRMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLZXV5YW11alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692193740636", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/A4R5j7sscJWTU0NwxoUSBQm4hcVfH7De8jrukuQ_05ITM-lNx5ENqR8zm7LFQXjkmiKj7pF85iBIfklyOg=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "Member (1 month)", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Member (1 month)"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UC8mtjVjrqiUm9v2K9sX-dCg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:43"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CKeuyamujPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1063401"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "system is broken"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@saltypanther4442"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/sMqBxIvOHbbwSlNN5QCGb0Ij-xVC0poCSDzmDPRbN70xmFlPSJjc-tB2TJeOCN-6KsDEMuzcolU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/sMqBxIvOHbbwSlNN5QCGb0Ij-xVC0poCSDzmDPRbN70xmFlPSJjc-tB2TJeOCN-6KsDEMuzcolU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHAyYlRFMmJYVnFVR05EUmxKTVJYZG5VV1JWTmxGRlVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVmxMV1ZMWkRVd1kwZEdjVXhDVUVwaVVEYzVYMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKdm0xNm11alBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649692193977163", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEe-eKd50cGFqLBPJbP79_A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:43"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJvm16mujPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1063682"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Teresa I agree...they need a safe therapeutic group home with intensive therapy but idk know if there are good group homes "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙁", "shortcuts": [":slightly_frowning_face:"], "searchTerms": ["slightly", "frowning", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f641/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙁"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@sarahnichols4253"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lzfyl-7djLf_9pZtYdx6a2Zk0xGsMwTxYZIoAgjjoUSLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlYUVc5TGNYVnFVR05EUm1Zd1gzSlJXV1JvZWtGR2RuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzRm1aMWRaTld0VWRUZGlhRGRrWjNoMVNFUkhibWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPV0FvS3F1alBjQ0ZmMF9yUVlkaHpBRnZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692195160198", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCqfgWY5kTu7bh7dgxuHDGng", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:44"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COWAoKqujPcCFf0_rQYdhzAFvw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1064859"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "DAILY CHECKINS NEEDED"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJRV1hkaGRYVnFVR05EUmxGaFlqVlJZMlJmTTJkRFExRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQUFl3YXV1alBjQ0ZRYWI1UWNkXzNnQ0NR", "timestampUsec": "1649692197809307", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:47"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPPYwauujPcCFQab5Qcd_3gCCQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1067618"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "We're they enrolled in school?"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@amandapowell7184"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WLP8fXcb6VxQjwKRNP7n3w6Fl3DeAHRem1b0WHbZtetfUlA56XxlDUlPBq0uMq5eQqiYXFif=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/WLP8fXcb6VxQjwKRNP7n3w6Fl3DeAHRem1b0WHbZtetfUlA56XxlDUlPBq0uMq5eQqiYXFif=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDB5WTNaaGVYVnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkNjelJmVWpGYU1rOUpWM0ZUTFVkSlNYZDNOV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNMmN2YXl1alBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649692199833214", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCABs4_R1Z2OIWqS-GIIww5g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CM2cvayujPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1069667"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How are they even allowed to foster 9 kids at a time "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "😳", "shortcuts": [":flushed_face:", ":flushed:"], "searchTerms": ["flushed", "face"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f633/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "😳"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@lindasplace2727"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_leFFe8KMeL6dviJz4lflNtiouNm3lwAszN8UUFbfSwdMLOPurEgsecMSCzM5JDe-AUAA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_leFFe8KMeL6dviJz4lflNtiouNm3lwAszN8UUFbfSwdMLOPurEgsecMSCzM5JDe-AUAA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlNZUcxeE5uVnFVR05EUmxwbVMwWm5hMlJ2WmxGTGRYY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwb3RlR3hyVFRnNVkxZERWa2R4WVRocGFIUkhTMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPTHhtcTZ1alBjQ0ZaZktGZ2tkb2ZRS3V3", "timestampUsec": "1649692203464967", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCJ-xlkM89cWCVGqa8ihtGKA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:52"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COLxmq6ujPcCFZfKFgkdofQKuw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1072879"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I don’t get it are you red flagged ? I literally wait for you everyday and I stopped getting notifications.. I literally was like it’s almost 12pm and where is she ..I went on your page and saw a live"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@paulax3968"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kJg2pVGoPwLVK48ATHLq1nz_-lHRuIpjtpI2Nca9a0CRn_=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kJg2pVGoPwLVK48ATHLq1nz_-lHRuIpjtpI2Nca9a0CRn_=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsVnpaeE5uVnFVR05EUmxwUlRERm5RV1JMWWtsTWJVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExaGxaVEpOUVhkYVUxUk1WV3hyVEcxcGVYb3dPRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZVc2cTZ1alBjQ0ZaUUwxZ0FkS2JJTG1B", "timestampUsec": "1649692204764011", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCXee2MAwZSTLUlkLmiyz08Q", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:54"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLeW6q6ujPcCFZQL1gAdKbILmA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1074159"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatPaidStickerRenderer": {"id": "ChwKGkNLWEh4S0N1alBjQ0ZST2E1UWNkakZrTkFn", "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAIQ77sEIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRZU0hoTFEzVnFVR05EUmxKUFlUVlJZMlJxUm10T1FXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwaDZiekl6UW5sT04wcFRNWGhRTWxFNWNEQnBjRkU0QWtnQlVCUSUzRA=="}}, "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampUsec": "1649692209482025", "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/8SfPeH1G42RCQtBZAVNiJCt_t28Cq19A6T6N44OwXj2uiM6qjpW17ZzGhBKQ40-lS0W1hd3cRw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/8SfPeH1G42RCQtBZAVNiJCt_t28Cq19A6T6N44OwXj2uiM6qjpW17ZzGhBKQ40-lS0W1hd3cRw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@angelmarie1112"}, "authorExternalChannelId": "UCHzo23ByN7JS1xP2Q9p0ipQ", "timestampText": {"simpleText": "17:58"}, "sticker": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "//lh3.googleusercontent.com/b4iH0B4JeE2ZeX30t5Pu3JkhyyQj2Gc1o19t9Tf4pPnnMwA04w0AaBTJLKsaC31uZ3ihE4TMr6oWVBO4lg=s40-rp", "width": 40, "height": 40}, {"url": "//lh3.googleusercontent.com/b4iH0B4JeE2ZeX30t5Pu3JkhyyQj2Gc1o19t9Tf4pPnnMwA04w0AaBTJLKsaC31uZ3ihE4TMr6oWVBO4lg=s80-rp", "width": 80, "height": 80}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "3 red hearts of differing sizes"}}}, "moneyChipBackgroundColor": 4280191205, "moneyChipTextColor": 4294967295, "purchaseAmountText": {"simpleText": "$1.49"}, "stickerDisplayWidth": 40, "stickerDisplayHeight": 40, "backgroundColor": 4280191205, "authorNameTextColor": 3019898879, "trackingParams": "CAIQ77sEIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN", "isV2Style": true}}, "clientId": "CKXHxKCujPcCFROa5QcdjFkNAg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1078669"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "they deserve so much better than that I hated that happen to them again in your right on so many levels those foster parents deserve evil things done to them too"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Teresa-mf2nx"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVsWDJ0eVMzVnFVR05EUmxZd05uTjNRV1JrWVVsT1UwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZ3RXWFk0VUd4eVdraGhZVmRxTm1FeVYxRm5Ua0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOZV9rckt1alBjQ0ZWMDZzd0FkZGFJTlNB", "timestampUsec": "1649692211716121", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "New member", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "New member"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCx-Yv8PlrZHaaWj6a2WQgNA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNe_krKujPcCFV06swAddaINSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1081442"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "This happens all the time."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Lily_B2022"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AAxAlxCshP1cUswYpu6xzkhgBiHon3tUxKYzBhsLK-vl35Ss9rx2e8_3KPMes6pmYkDMhlaszg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AAxAlxCshP1cUswYpu6xzkhgBiHon3tUxKYzBhsLK-vl35Ss9rx2e8_3KPMes6pmYkDMhlaszg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFZUW5aaVMzVnFVR05EUmxGclgzSlJXV1IyVW05SlMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEpPV05YVnpKdlZrTndNbTA1V2xFdGFIbERPSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNWEJ2Ykt1alBjQ0ZRa19yUVlkdlJvSUtn", "timestampUsec": "1649692212420885", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKI9cWW2oVCp2m9ZQ-hyC8w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:02"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMXBvbKujPcCFQk_rQYdvRoIKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1082219"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hope these kids overcome ALL the trauma"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRVUVhvM1QzVnFVR05EUm1aZlUyeEJhMlF0VEhkSE4xRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLVEF6N091alBjQ0ZmX1NsQWtkLUx3RzdR", "timestampUsec": "1649692214812764", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:04"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CKTAz7OujPcCFf_SlAkd-LwG7Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1084521"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "after knowing EXACTLY where they came from. it's absolutely disgusting af!!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@elizabethgregory"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/JtPU1cih2aFIeNaOAOEX-rDcrQxu9sFdFJWAad1K2v54jY8okb7E_rkG4fjtv98S9fjwmPP9xQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRRUm14eVUzVnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQkZObUUyWmxvNGRVcFZXbU40Um5ZME1tUk1iMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLUEZsclN1alBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649692215976657", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCPE6a6fZ8uJUZcxFv42dLog", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:05"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CKPFlrSujPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1085678"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Jail for sure. Making noise is the way!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LetItB-1"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/mnsYrhfFQuRIsO_OuFpwONzUxbuNz_lcPlNCvNe1GiTUaoTbYamPSkoUig41foQ9ACooF9wb1WQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVVTXpCeVYzVnFVR05EUmxSVVRVWm5hMlJXTFVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRkdaa1ptUVZoVmRWZzJaMHRQTVZoWmMzZHNXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOVDMwcld1alBjQ0ZUVE1GZ2tkVi1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649692219063303", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAFfFfAXUuX6gKO1XYswlYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:08"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNT30rWujPcCFTTMFgkdV-ENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1088280"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hi everyone !"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@dnelson109"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/VrsE2otaK6DIK6VW86IgC1Vwapei3yQqAmywTiYlxMdUnlQY_VObvoveU1FuKVvDxZsGXVIu3A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/VrsE2otaK6DIK6VW86IgC1Vwapei3yQqAmywTiYlxMdUnlQY_VObvoveU1FuKVvDxZsGXVIu3A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDVZWkcxaVpYVnFVR05EUm1GRFdUVlJZMlI1YzFsSVJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExQXpka3BHUWpacFRGOXNlSGN0ZEVKT1VHUlNOR2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOWGRtYmV1alBjQ0ZhQ1k1UWNkeXNZSEZR", "timestampUsec": "1649692222320397", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCP3vJFB6iL_lxw-tBNPdR4g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNXdmbeujPcCFaCY5QcdysYHFQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1092136"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "It’s infuriating"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Lily_B2022"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AAxAlxCshP1cUswYpu6xzkhgBiHon3tUxKYzBhsLK-vl35Ss9rx2e8_3KPMes6pmYkDMhlaszg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/AAxAlxCshP1cUswYpu6xzkhgBiHon3tUxKYzBhsLK-vl35Ss9rx2e8_3KPMes6pmYkDMhlaszg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBMTUhOTVpYVnFVR05EUmxKdlluSlJXV1JFYkVWRmMxRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEpPV05YVnpKdlZrTndNbTA1V2xFdGFIbERPSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKSzBzTGV1alBjQ0ZSb2JyUVlkRGxFRXNR", "timestampUsec": "1649692222691908", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKI9cWW2oVCp2m9ZQ-hyC8w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:12"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJK0sLeujPcCFRobrQYdDlEEsQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1092475"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thank you @angel!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDlIZVRCTWFYVnFVR05EUm1KTlZXWlJiMlJVWTBGQlZWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPR3kwTGl1alBjQ0ZiTVVmUW9kVGNBQVVR", "timestampUsec": "1649692225376567", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:15"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COGy0LiujPcCFbMUfQodTcAAUQ", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1095175"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Wow. "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "‼", "shortcuts": [":double_exclamation_mark:", ":bangbang:"], "searchTerms": ["double", "exclamation", "mark", "bangbang"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/203c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "‼"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bettywith2girls"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ5YkhOaWJYVnFVR05EUm1KUGNEVlJZMlExVUdkRk1rRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjZVVGRxZWpGMWJVbFdlbXRuZEcxMlVXRjZjSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQcmxzYm11alBjQ0ZiT3A1UWNkNVBnRTJB", "timestampUsec": "1649692226908990", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCazQ7jz1umIVzkgtmvQazpw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:16"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPrlsbmujPcCFbOp5Qcd5PgE2A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1096438"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Watch some content from CPS Network News and it'll make a little more sense how this happened. I'm not saying it's okay. Just that this is a nationwide issue. So heartbreaking."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@heidimedel"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l7PsYSixa2QUeM6g1u8MrVc8r6Z1moJiWP85mBg2mYl8s=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_l7PsYSixa2QUeM6g1u8MrVc8r6Z1moJiWP85mBg2mYl8s=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhxVGpsaWJYVnFVR05EUmxoSmNuSlJXV1JPU1RSS2RuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcG9hR042V0RWVVNqQTFlV1Y2TVdWWlVtNUpVSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMak45Ym11alBjQ0ZYSXJyUVlkTkk0SnZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692228019942", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzhhczX5TJ05yez1eYRnIPw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:17"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLjN9bmujPcCFXIrrQYdNI4Jvw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1097565"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I thought they were split up into 2 or more foster homes according to the 20/20 interview with Jordan"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@stagecraftservices4300"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ncp3Pj6CSG1EcCG1tg49T8dNHBZ57J0kWYpYIykaM=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ncp3Pj6CSG1EcCG1tg49T8dNHBZ57J0kWYpYIykaM=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDl0T0d4TU5uVnFVR05EUmxGclgzSlJXV1IyVW05SlMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzSmFRa1ZzZEcxM2FGa3laR2hWTUY5T1lVVlFkV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNPbThsTDZ1alBjQ0ZRa19yUVlkdlJvSUtn", "timestampUsec": "1649692236914381", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCrZBEltmwhY2dhU0_NaEPug", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:26"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "COm8lL6ujPcCFQk_rQYdvRoIKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1106733"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "how did these people think they could gey away with abusing these kids further after th publicity that they had????"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@heatherdontcare"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMUJ5UTNsaUxYVnFVR05EUm1ZNFNYSlJXV1J4V0VGRVMyY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaG5aRkV4TkZGMGVuQTNkVWxuVTJZMWVHMHlTVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNQckN5Yi11alBjQ0ZmOElyUVlkcVhBREtn", "timestampUsec": "1649692239880615", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChgdQ14Qtzp7uIgSf5xm2IQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:30"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CPrCyb-ujPcCFf8IrQYdqXADKg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1110682"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thanks for the update "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Candycherry808"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/Ufu1fTtf8LByd0EXAjRJj3mgWm8EChK2nxK_sOwHOCI1e7nxLXVd-O7eQ3CWbjSkMg8CTRA7=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHh1VUMxaUxYVnFVR05EUmxGSlMzSlJXV1JQZDNkQ04wRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExZzRSMmR2T1dkMmVHTnFTMDVVT1dGd1MwbEJXWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMblAtYi11alBjQ0ZRSUtyUVlkT3d3QjdB", "timestampUsec": "1649692240668641", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCX8Ggo9gvxcjKNT9apKIAYw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:31"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLnP-b-ujPcCFQIKrQYdOwwB7A"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1111434"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "@10 to LIFE thx Annie "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@saltypanther4442"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/sMqBxIvOHbbwSlNN5QCGb0Ij-xVC0poCSDzmDPRbN70xmFlPSJjc-tB2TJeOCN-6KsDEMuzcolU=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/sMqBxIvOHbbwSlNN5QCGb0Ij-xVC0poCSDzmDPRbN70xmFlPSJjc-tB2TJeOCN-6KsDEMuzcolU=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxmTWpKalMzVnFVR05EUm1Zd1gzSlJXV1JvZWtGR2RuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwVmxMV1ZMWkRVd1kwZEdjVXhDVUVwaVVEYzVYMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJXzIyY0t1alBjQ0ZmMF9yUVlkaHpBRnZ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692246440742", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCEe-eKd50cGFqLBPJbP79_A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:37"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CI_22cKujPcCFf0_rQYdhzAFvw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1117546"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "woke up to snow in Washington"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@youtubeemployee9733"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ke07AeL9uJp2o3J9P5NCGeuvhoql5n08qCJesQ-sF2Cx_jjwBUcff4IeGnyM7FP3S46eXjW5tZg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ke07AeL9uJp2o3J9P5NCGeuvhoql5n08qCJesQ-sF2Cx_jjwBUcff4IeGnyM7FP3S46eXjW5tZg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFxYkd3NFUzVnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWkdXVE0wWTAxdWJWOU1XRVZZWm10Q1RYVXRXbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNamxsOFN1alBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649692249551607", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCfFY34cMnm_LXEXfkBMu-Zg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:40"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMjll8SujPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1120638"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "very infuriating do foster parents should have that many kids regardless of how good you are"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRFWldjNFYzVnFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLRGVnOFd1alBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649692251320182", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:40"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CKDeg8WujPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1120719"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hiya Annie, Doing brilliant work, love ya channel. Watching in Australia "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🇦🇺", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f1e6_1f1fa/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🇦🇺"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@wildauzziewoman"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/UmTk7ofPPldNZfG38uaxhnjITXAUUMzZTY2WlfUeuQ_Ru_rAaMfvv6hCbP8JZN1Wj_-pkAAk=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/UmTk7ofPPldNZfG38uaxhnjITXAUUMzZTY2WlfUeuQ_Ru_rAaMfvv6hCbP8JZN1Wj_-pkAAk=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxFWldoemFYVnFVR05EUmxkbmFuSlJXV1F0WlVGRGVFRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExVnNNMmhDVDFkR09YcHVRazFNVGt0M1kyNVpTbEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJRGVoc2l1alBjQ0ZXZ2pyUVlkLWVBQ3hB", "timestampUsec": "1649692257660727", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCUl3hBOWF9znBMLNKwcnYJQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:47"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIDehsiujPcCFWgjrQYd-eACxA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1127488"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "caseworker should be charged"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kristenbaker8807"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_no0dw60WE5O634seRahRphIAC3iz9FeK1Lt6COHDY=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_no0dw60WE5O634seRahRphIAC3iz9FeK1Lt6COHDY=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDU2UmpGamFYVnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzVm1ZM0JMTWxaVVVUZEtkVzQzVGxSVExWUmtOMEU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOekYxY2l1alBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649692258951958", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCufcpK2VTQ7Jun7NTS-Td7A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:48"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CNzF1ciujPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1128865"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "how did they get away with it for so long???"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@heatherdontcare"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/bFNgWEYOkGBuUCXfFrE5TuSJPKlKmM6b19BdKv0IBwd20AReJL0n0F6i8k4k5J4otSKzcjCqLg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRFTm1semJYVnFVR05EUmxKTVJYZG5VV1JWTmxGRlVVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyaG5aRkV4TkZGMGVuQTNkVWxuVTJZMWVHMHlTVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLRDZpc211alBjQ0ZSTEV3Z1FkVTZRRVFB", "timestampUsec": "1649692259827006", "authorExternalChannelId": "UChgdQ14Qtzp7uIgSf5xm2IQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:49"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CKD6ismujPcCFRLEwgQdU6QEQA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1129787"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Outrageous! The kids don't get the money either."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@tvcat3665"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSE4NyJlKZ7ezVPluynEQsSLpMXGvk_fpci97jsu5NeQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mSE4NyJlKZ7ezVPluynEQsSLpMXGvk_fpci97jsu5NeQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxJVTNOamJYVnFVR05EUmxoeFdUVlJZMlJxYlVsUVVGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyWXRiMlpxV25Zd2VYa3RNVlp2YjB0dFJtVk5TMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJSFNzY211alBjQ0ZYcVk1UWNkam1JUFBR", "timestampUsec": "1649692260460852", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCf-ofjZv0yy-1VooKmFeMKg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:50"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CIHSscmujPcCFXqY5QcdjmIPPQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1130315"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Prayers for these children!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHB4TjNKTmNYVnFVR05EUmxKaVNHeEJhMlJxYlhkT2NuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKcTdyTXF1alBjQ0ZSYkhsQWtkam13TnJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692262473163", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:52"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJq7rMqujPcCFRbHlAkdjmwNrw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1132010"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thumbs up for Annie "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍🏻"}}}}}, {"text": "Hit it"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@teresab126"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ntgPrUcHyzZ9-vVtMugfOvEyfrYUXSF9CNTYHBl3ld87eoFostv-kIwHbSagae3U3GEw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFIVG5OamRYVnFVR05EUm1GNlQwWm5hMlJLUjJOSk1tY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExUlNhMjAxT0Rkck9YWmFhblIxU1dWMFZrMWFRa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNR05zY3V1alBjQ0Zhek9GZ2tkSkdjSTJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692264646384", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCTRkm587k9vZjtuIetVMZBA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:54"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMGNscuujPcCFazOFgkdJGcI2g"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1134217"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I worked in childcare for 20 years. where my 2 children had been abused and neglected in a couple of these centers. I wanted to be a foster parent. But since my husband has firearms, we couldn't."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@JulieDmomof3"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mOeEDWc9YyzA5l22pbm2IPi7A0SQATgIcTdks8sZQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mOeEDWc9YyzA5l22pbm2IPi7A0SQATgIcTdks8sZQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBsTVRnNGVYVnFVR05EUmxGRlFUVjNiMlJTV2xsR01YY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzWlNSRVZ2Ykd4RVgwRkRjVU4wWnpOTFNXazFkRUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKZTE4OHl1alBjQ0ZRRUE1d29kUlpZRjF3", "timestampUsec": "1649692267829964", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCvRDEollD_ACqCtg3KIi5tA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:56"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJe188yujPcCFQEA5wodRZYF1w"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1136899"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Sadly in some cases child protective services seems to either go overboard when they don't need to, or not do enough."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@skooliemom"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/qE4lYhC_7g6clwmJ-M01Y8BfBw6oRtzmjLreu6om3jI5Fz-ZIvPrNF_BfcZB5jACxqBqNTPcBVA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/qE4lYhC_7g6clwmJ-M01Y8BfBw6oRtzmjLreu6om3jI5Fz-ZIvPrNF_BfcZB5jACxqBqNTPcBVA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFNTWpSak1uVnFVR05EUmxsVmNISlJXV1JIYmxGSmFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOHlSVWw1T0RGbVUzQjBWbmd5U1ROWlNUTlRaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNTDI0YzJ1alBjQ0ZZVXByUVlkR25RSWh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692269640558", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCO2EIy81fSptVx2I3YI3SfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CML24c2ujPcCFYUprQYdGnQIhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1138568"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How can we follow Jordan"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@peggys5244"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_la6Erf73qusc8p2vtQeVFfmYEgvxaB6hCS7r4B3Wit7E6G=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHhsTmpjNE1uVnFVR05EUmxsVmNISlJXV1JIYmxGSmFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6Vm5jbVpsWkhsUGJtMUhhbXRXWTJKQ1VIQnJPWGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNMZTY3ODJ1alBjQ0ZZVXByUVlkR25RSWh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692269862252", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC5grfedyOnmGjkVcbBPpk9w", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "18:58"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CLe6782ujPcCFYUprQYdGnQIhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1138953"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "I hope there therapy is free for life for the failures they've caused them"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@MelissaNicoleYT"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/0BvgS1xbpErVef56h3BdLvz6qNfgPP75u7Dh2CJx9m-5f6SRwwZtE4JjPgPzlXpJy6HdPskekg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFEU21rNE5uVnFVR05EUmxWWVVXeEJhMlJQVWxGTWFIY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzTXdVbm8wUXpKNlFXVlZWbkJWUm1OUFpHNU1XVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNQ0ppODZ1alBjQ0ZVWFFsQWtkT1JRTGh3", "timestampUsec": "1649692270314750", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCs0Rz4C2zAeUVpUFcOdnLYQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:00"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMCJi86ujPcCFUXQlAkdORQLhw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1140171"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Have they no advocate? No one to make sure things are going well? I don’t mean a social worker or case worker. They need an independent who works for THEM, not the system! Do better Americana!! "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@wiccanmoon0001"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDB6YzNZNE5uVnFVR05EUmxoclNERm5RV1JwWkRoTFkwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6ZEljbmwwVGpoaWFWcHlZVzR5Y21SSFZsQlZWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNM3N2ODZ1alBjQ0ZYa0gxZ0FkaWQ4S2NB", "timestampUsec": "1649692271179387", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC7HrytN8biZran2rdGVPUWQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CM3sv86ujPcCFXkH1gAdid8KcA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1141102"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Jordan you're family is in my heart and prayers!!!"}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💗", "shortcuts": [":growing_heart:", ":heartpulse:"], "searchTerms": ["growing", "heart", "heartpulse"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f497/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💗", "shortcuts": [":growing_heart:", ":heartpulse:"], "searchTerms": ["growing", "heart", "heartpulse"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f497/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💗"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💗", "shortcuts": [":growing_heart:", ":heartpulse:"], "searchTerms": ["growing", "heart", "heartpulse"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f497/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💗"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@AmandaPaige71"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lImVEFshLCzwKPwsKil_wI44W3fLO5VgHisdM_-Jtm5ZMsPSMXFTRot9-tSU3zW38Ftw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFIWkRkek5uVnFVR05EUm1aZlUyeEJhMlF0VEhkSE4xRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzbHVaRU5oTFhrMlkwMTBZelZxWnpCS1RWaHdkMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNR2Q3czZ1alBjQ0ZmX1NsQWtkLUx3RzdR", "timestampUsec": "1649692271939328", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCyndCa-y6cMtc5jg0JMXpwg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:01"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CMGd7s6ujPcCFf_SlAkd-LwG7Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1141849"}} {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "praying for the kids"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@jessdelea4005"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_ltG5Vixvi3d0Yh00mrIlUB2on93_zWY8hkMojmBpX9mvBiNJjt4vNgL5Rn8XCPf9bnFg=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"clickTrackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwANygEEadXvcg==", "commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBsT1dzNVEzVnFVR05EUm1SMldXeEJhMlJPTlVWQmNuY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzcGxXRlpwT0haTlZtbzBUR2x5V1haTWRuQkJOVUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKZTlrOUN1alBjQ0ZkdllsQWtkTjVFQXJ3", "timestampUsec": "1649692274646740", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCzeXVi8vMVj4LirYvLvpA5A", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:04"}, "trackingParams": "CAEQl98BIhMIhqHjksGNlAMVaP44Bh2ODwAN"}}, "clientId": "CJe9k9CujPcCFdvYlAkdN5EArw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1144550"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDU2UTI4NVlYVnFVR05EUmxOelZuSlJXV1JMYWpSTVkzY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOekNvOWF1alBjQ0ZTc1ZyUVlkS2o0TGN3", "timestampUsec": "1649692287492511", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:18"}}}, "clientId": "CNzCo9aujPcCFSsVrQYdKj4Lcw"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1158693"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Hit that "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "👍", "shortcuts": [":thumbs_up:", ":+1:", ":thumbsup:", "(Y)", "(y)"], "searchTerms": ["thumbs", "up", "+1", "thumbsup"], "supportsSkinTone": true, "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f44d/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "👍"}}}, "variantIds": ["👍", "👍🏻", "👍🏼", "👍🏽", "👍🏾", "👍🏿"]}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@camiburchett9602"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQ9Xt-QCgLKxQhyjIH-VIeuzx4Jg6HckI54Ol_xY8YE-94=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx1VUhnNVpYVnFVR05EUmxoVVRXeEJhMlJNWmpCUFUwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExcFVjVTFwY25aWWJHbE1iR1IyUTJSWk0weEJVbWM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJblB4OWV1alBjQ0ZYVE1sQWtkTGYwT1NB", "timestampUsec": "1649692290181060", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCZTqMirvXliLldvCdY3LARg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:21"}}}, "clientId": "CInPx9eujPcCFXTMlAkdLf0OSA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1161343"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "They definitely need a-lot of care , love and therapy. "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kei3341"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQn0y9vszKZ8xHBnsbHvZMLlyyX12hWrXwTV-ObE9K6w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lQn0y9vszKZ8xHBnsbHvZMLlyyX12hWrXwTV-ObE9K6w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRMTkRaMGFYVnFVR05EUm1KTlZXWlJiMlJVWTBGQlZWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6WmlXamMwUkVnNVlUWlNaMFJaVmtWS01tSlVURkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLSzQ2dGl1alBjQ0ZiTVVmUW9kVGNBQVVR", "timestampUsec": "1649692292848728", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC6bZ74DH9a6RgDYVEJ2bTLQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:22"}}}, "clientId": "CKK46tiujPcCFbMUfQodTcAAUQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1162427"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💙", "shortcuts": [":blue_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["blue", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f499/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💙"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏾", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fe/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏾"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💙", "shortcuts": [":blue_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["blue", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f499/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💙"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@toddlermommy83"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/J8Mh9D2MRFVVsbdvOZ_YKN0gR1cXc5pJ16gncYJzylCHlTI8X5FhWRS82sA2sqY7Ix8fxcDl7A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGx1ZURST2JYVnFVR05EUm1KUmFISlJXV1JtWWpoRlRWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwdEJPRk5DTmpNMVoyazJNR3QxUjE5Wk0xTnJlVkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJbng0Tm11alBjQ0ZiUWhyUVlkZmI4RU1R", "timestampUsec": "1649692294789325", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCKA8SB635gi60kuG_Y3SkyQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:24"}}}, "clientId": "CInx4NmujPcCFbQhrQYdfb8EMQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1164409"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "the older kids are studying except Jordan. She is doing social media and follow Elizabeth Smarts footsteps. She's gonna be a public speaker"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@thedashinbetween"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/nQpKR9sngV0hzalbjAf4kcAza2OSDisScmia7unibc4ZEoIWUFVYZL_CilhfR6NqMyt0Stu33w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDFNWW5Wa2NYVnFVR05EUm1aSlIyWlJiMlF6ZG5OUWVXY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwRnhOSEJDV2s1TGVuQmZNVVZZYUVkSVlrbDVha0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNTGJ1ZHF1alBjQ0ZmSUdmUW9kM3ZzUHln", "timestampUsec": "1649692296244719", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCAq4pBZNKzp_1EXhGHbIyjA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:25"}}}, "clientId": "CMLbudqujPcCFfIGfQod3vsPyg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1165754"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Have a good day everyone! xx"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@annieelise"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/scByM4inwv98X8Kq35JENLpOYojfaPq_n6-CIYemDzqnIUyKGK6LlGFEcwi8MUwB20aHMy4Km7c=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBEWDI1MGVYVnFVR05EUm1STlVYSlJXV1IyVTBWTmJsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKQ19udHl1alBjQ0ZkTVFyUVlkdlNFTW5R", "timestampUsec": "1649692300048754", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "VERIFIED"}, "tooltip": "Verified", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Verified"}}}}, {"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"icon": {"iconType": "OWNER"}, "tooltip": "Owner", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Owner"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCOK0fZAUx82plnLhTKZW6qg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:29"}}}, "clientId": "CJC_ntyujPcCFdMQrQYdvSEMnQ", "stickinessParams": {"dockAtTopDurationMs": 10000}}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1169444"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💌", "shortcuts": [":love_letter:"], "searchTerms": ["love", "letter"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f48c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💌"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💕", "shortcuts": [":two_hearts:"], "searchTerms": ["two", "hearts"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f495/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💕"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "✌🏻", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/270c_1f3fb/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "✌🏻"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@karlynicole5866"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/3XmrGp1w1GhXtN08fZWhJpJgGbbTPlvP1VU-MZewOfIpL2Jl8Io52P3V2J_XiOG192x5XVkOKA=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHN6UTNOT05uVnFVR05EUmxWelNERm5RV1JCU0RSSE9GRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyVm9XWEZaUzNWT1ZFWlVTVlpIYVhWek5YQnpaV2M0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLM0NzTjZ1alBjQ0ZVc0gxZ0FkQUg0RzhR", "timestampUsec": "1649692304482663", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCehYqYKuNTFTIVGius5pseg", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:34"}}}, "clientId": "CK3CsN6ujPcCFUsH1gAdAH4G8Q"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1174361"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "How is any of this fair? "}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@wiccanmoon0001"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/4LLKwByyEiFLAlCekF9uxL9tJtbW0qVbJ5Xn_SDYrkpmgg_58xc5oLAwXkTk_M89gRM-TnHdyQ4=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGxEZFdoMExYVnFVR05EUmxSSlNqRm5RV1JwUm5kT1ltY2FLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6ZEljbmwwVGpoaWFWcHlZVzR5Y21SSFZsQlZWMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJQ3VodC11alBjQ0ZUSUoxZ0FkaUZ3TmJn", "timestampUsec": "1649692305889078", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC7HrytN8biZran2rdGVPUWQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:35"}}}, "clientId": "CICuht-ujPcCFTIJ1gAdiFwNbg"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1175760"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Thanks Annie"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@PlantLady_1977"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_mL5AcD1g44LBAuDqwNx43wXm0Ag2DM15y-xgqr60QEEIlmQdJi-HpFUQjDW-Zp-bCHzw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDF4TFdwa0xYVnFVR05EUmxoeFdUVlJZMlJxYlVsUVVGRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlF6TldjbTV5YW01VlpsUkRMVFpMY1ZKd09VbGFOMmM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNNcS1qZC11alBjQ0ZYcVk1UWNkam1JUFBR", "timestampUsec": "1649692306005857", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC3VrnrjnUfTC-6KqRp9IZ7g", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:35"}}}, "clientId": "CMq-jd-ujPcCFXqY5QcdjmIPPQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1175858"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "God bless everyone."}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@bettywith2girls"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_n5qy9s81FfCcsWUi_HyNyGXnwPU_jyy_yQ113hPxucjQ=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMGsyWW5oUFIzVnFVR05EUmxkSVRFWm5hMlIxWm5kUVlsRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyRjZVVGRxZWpGMWJVbFdlbXRuZEcxMlVXRjZjSGM0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNJNmJ4T0d1alBjQ0ZXSExGZ2tkdWZ3UGJR", "timestampUsec": "1649692311096768", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCazQ7jz1umIVzkgtmvQazpw", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:40"}}}, "clientId": "CI6bxOGujPcCFWHLFgkdufwPbQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1180845"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🤟🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f91f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🤟🏼"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@LacedInChains"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/K7AHCuR71VPu-S2WGZYw2uiDLE0SwkzPkmiGa5qRzugvey6oM28AVK--yvtWuBB74ENu_o92E6A=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/K7AHCuR71VPu-S2WGZYw2uiDLE0SwkzPkmiGa5qRzugvey6oM28AVK--yvtWuBB74ENu_o92E6A=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHRIZFRkUFIzVnFVR05EUmxSMlMwWm5hMlJJYlVWT1ZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlExOVJPV2d0YmpFMlNTMUZka2RhT1Zsd1gwOXVaa0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNLR3U3T0d1alBjQ0ZUdktGZ2tkSG1FTlVB", "timestampUsec": "1649692311754613", "authorExternalChannelId": "UC_Q9h-n16I-EvGZ9Yp_OnfA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:41"}}}, "clientId": "CKGu7OGujPcCFTvKFgkdHmENUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1181499"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": " "}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "🙏🏼", "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f64f_1f3fc/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "🙏🏼"}}}}}, {"emoji": {"emojiId": "💜", "shortcuts": [":purple_heart:"], "searchTerms": ["purple", "heart"], "image": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/15.1/1f49c/72.png"}], "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "💜"}}}}}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@mnmom723"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kj3IPZdGTslho5jRHTp3X9XOqRRXV6qFn7PcoVm2sXBlG1=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDUxWVRoMVMzVnFVR05EUm1WZlMwWm5hMlJVZEUxUFZVRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEyd3laa2sxUjI1emRuVjJhVEZvZVVoaWEzbEdlRkU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOdWE4dUt1alBjQ0ZlX0tGZ2tkVHRNT1VB", "timestampUsec": "1649692313947553", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCl2fI5Gnsvuvi1hyHbkyFxQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:43"}}}, "clientId": "CNua8uKujPcCFe_KFgkdTtMOUA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1183851"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "you too"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@Teresa-mf2nx"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/a6RAVif4AdHRHS1BjqaXY54C8TJoOiuqGsBjp2kFVpVnNgSrjvFSHdYwEPRvYePCsV_Y8QLJ2w=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMHBZUnpOUFUzVnFVR05EUm1JM1pHeEJhMlJ5V2xsTVMwRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEzZ3RXWFk0VUd4eVdraGhZVmRxTm1FeVYxRm5Ua0U0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNKWEczT1N1alBjQ0ZiN2RsQWtkclpZTEtB", "timestampUsec": "1649692317786950", "authorBadges": [{"liveChatAuthorBadgeRenderer": {"customThumbnail": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s16-c-k", "width": 16, "height": 16}, {"url": "https://yt3.ggpht.com/GkaYe7zsPuAO6O6Q8R1Se-mgDXtWyAC-AnrYukGQw0-qFeDxZuf6lbvHS8iSkgsRcAwGjUNT=s32-c-k", "width": 32, "height": 32}]}, "tooltip": "New member", "accessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "New member"}}}}], "authorExternalChannelId": "UCx-Yv8PlrZHaaWj6a2WQgNA", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:47"}}}, "clientId": "CJXG3OSujPcCFb7dlAkdrZYLKA"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1187594"}} {"replayChatItemAction": {"actions": [{"addChatItemAction": {"item": {"liveChatTextMessageRenderer": {"message": {"runs": [{"text": "Don’t forget to comment in the comment section on the actual video everyone in this chat to help!"}]}, "authorName": {"simpleText": "@kylabella05"}, "authorPhoto": {"thumbnails": [{"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s32-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 32, "height": 32}, {"url": "https://yt4.ggpht.com/p7PRJshy1PvQKd-2xKIiwxbKw942q7hw7sDHuN-zJ4cp892OVRHfU-jJMSjitdh3f8XX0h7sWw=s64-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", "width": 64, "height": 64}]}, "contextMenuEndpoint": {"commandMetadata": {"webCommandMetadata": {"ignoreNavigation": true}}, "liveChatItemContextMenuEndpoint": {"params": "Q2g0S0hBb2FRMDR6WmpSUFUzVnFVR05EUmxwVFlUVlJZMlJKY0hkTlNWRWFLU29uQ2hoVlEwOUxNR1phUVZWNE9ESndiRzVNYUZSTFdsYzJjV2NTQ3kwMWRuRk1NVnBHVUUxM0lBRW9BVElhQ2hoVlEwSnROWE5mWldKTU5ESnlha1Z5VUdkZldYSmxUMUU0QWtnQlVBRSUzRA=="}}, "id": "ChwKGkNOM2Y0T1N1alBjQ0ZaU2E1UWNkSXB3TUlR", "timestampUsec": "1649692317855751", "authorExternalChannelId": "UCBm5s_ebL42rjErPg_YreOQ", "contextMenuAccessibility": {"accessibilityData": {"label": "Chat actions"}}, "timestampText": {"simpleText": "19:47"}}}, "clientId": "CN3f4OSujPcCFZSa5QcdIpwMIQ"}}], "videoOffsetTimeMsec": "1187687"}}

- John Shahidi on Happy Dad, NELK Boys, Full Send, Elon Musk & SteveWillDoIt: Kind: captions Language: en that Monday when we met when we were supposed to get with Elon when we landed we were told that Steve's channel was permanently banned and it just kind of sold sucked a soul out of all of us Steve loves Elon and there was one time he made just this joke video when Bitcoin had crashed and you know it came out that like Elon sold all his Bitcoin and Bitcoin crashed and Steve like lost a lot of money so he made an anti-elon video Once that's a joke you know the biggest problem Steve will do it has and I think this is what's led to Steve's termination of his YouTube is all right guys bang bang I've got John here with me uh I thought a great place to start is last time we talked you were doing nothing with happy Dad milk anything uh you guys have absolutely exploded onto the scene and what I think is interesting is like there's a Content story and then there's a business story and everyone is very focused on the content because that's what you can see right yeah uh I care about the business and uh when I see you or any of those guys posting and you're going to like a liquor store and there's literally a line out the door around the block you know there's cops there making sure that everyone's like staying in line making sure they're getting in people are signing uh all of the alcohol like this is a massive massive movement and a business that you guys are building how do you think about day one you walk in you're like all right we have to build a business here like what do you think is the advantage that you have and how do you think about which products to launch and kind of like what to sequentially do from a business perspective yeah um well I always say this and this is pretty much a no-brainer trainer and you know but but it does come down to the product being great at the end of the day um it's always got it always has to start with that right and that's the advice I'd have to give anybody it's like no matter how big you are how many followers you have or how many connections you have with whatever retailers or whatever it is your product's not great like people are gonna give every product a chance once if it sucks they won't come back we're going on to two years of happy Dad now our rebuys are absolutely insane we haven't launched a new state in six or seven months we're about to launch five new ones in the next six weeks but we haven't launched any and our sales are still growing in the existing States because they're rebuys and we haven't even Revisited those stores yet so it's really the product it has to start 100 with a product um and then yeah then there's a lot of others but why happy Dad right like what like why is that the product that you guys like we're gonna hang our hat on this and we think this is the thing that we can build a big business around we want um you know the Seltzer business has been growing over the last few years um it's pretty much become a beer replacement uh and happy Dad the way was the The Branding the marketing or even the type of can that we used was really to Target the male audience when it comes to Seltzer consumption almost every single shelter you see right now comes in the skinny can multiple colors you know just going after yeah and now you know and our initial because and it wasn't necessarily oh we need something for men it was like our audience were men the milk audiences men eighty percent plus of the milk viewer um across all socials are men so we said all right what can we make for our audience that will convert um what's funny is like female is the love happy Dad we could get into why like you know it wasn't our Target but you know I think because of the flavoring and the amount of carbonation I could get into that but you know um and maybe even let you know that we're launching happy mom but we'll talk about that so because of that but um but yeah I think um really happy Dad was we want to go after the Seltzer Market it's become a pretty much a replacement to beer uh for all different types of reasons from The Taste to the calorie count carb count now people are a lot more conscious of their health right now um you know I think a lot of different reasons post pandemic realizing that maybe the best um you know solution to you know something what happened with the pandemic was actually your health versus can't go down that rabbit hole of uh you know don't say it but you know but but Health at the end of the day you know um health is wealth and um and I you know and I think we all want to be healthy now you know I think we've learned over the last few years like you've got Health as well and I think that the big narrative was uh milk had these amazing videos that were going super viral to this big audience uh it reminded me a lot of like the Barstool audience early on when I was in college and uh in the Northeast like you just knew they'd show up for the Blackout Tour or whatever and like people would show up right and these guys seem to be able to say hey I'm gonna be somewhere an audience showed up right like they were willing to go do that they also were buying a lot of merch and so usually those two you know data points tell you hey this is a real audience it's really engaged it really kind of subscribes to the lifestyle and and the values and all that type of stuff um but they weren't monetizing any of the content as far as I understand right like there weren't a lot of brand Deals they uh didn't have any ads from YouTube or any of that stuff and it pretty much was just like a merch business attached to content is that like a fair uh way to evaluate what they were doing before you guys really got into a lot of the consumer goods yeah well um merch was a big part of their business because they were demonetized from YouTube um during pandemic years during 2020 um they you know they were the ones that weren't refusing to not go out and party still and they were still having Gatherings and filming The Gatherings and and they were demonetized by YouTube uh but milk was a pretty big organization on the back end you know there's a couple dozen employees so um they had to figure out how to pay bills and merch kind of became the pivot and focus and um and you know we say to this day is being demonstrate being de monetized by YouTube ended up being one of the biggest blessings because you know the merch Revenue has been 30 40x what YouTube Revenue would ever be from an ads inside and then on top of that Brands brands are extremely afraid to work with creators they've always been afraid um you know um just seeing what's happened over the years with different creators which I've never agreed on why everyone was so angry at some of them you know and trying to cancel everybody but the the creators that have been canceled over the years it's frightened a lot of Brands and that's also become a blessing in disguise because like brands have always been afraid of milk um and um or all types of creators but specifically an elk so that's where happy deaths come in he's like all right do we go and do a super small deal with Anheuser-Busch and try to explain ourselves and then be limited on the content be careful of the content or do we make our own brand which better decision yeah and now walk me through operation one of the things that a lot of folks in the business World a lot of investors are waking up to is uh these creator-led businesses basically did the business Creation in Reverse right usually you build a product then you go find the customers nelk and many others have basically found the customers first and then they go in there building the product but building the product for many creators is actually a really really hard thing to do they don't have that skill set they don't have the connections they don't have the capital they don't know who like am I going to have operate this thing you obviously have been around for a long time you've seen a lot of different businesses um and you have not only are you well connected you guys have access to Capital like you know I think a lot of folks kind of say like oh John's there like this has got a shot of actually working from an operational standpoint how did you think about operationalizing it right like just you showing up you're not going to do everything so like you build out a whole team do you go and you just like partner with somebody and it's your brand with their operations like how does that work um you know the one thing I've always been very good at is finding delegating work and finding the best person and being able to hire and fire a higher and and find the best person for any specific role so um specifically with happy that obviously there's so many different sectors of our businesses there's alcohol there's merch there's media with our podcast but but on the Alcohol side when the decision was made to make happy Dad um there's this family that I know the butau family long time friends of mine been in an alcohol business for many years but decades I mean they're the father Keith bhutaus you know um you know they call him the Godfather of the alcohol industry like so went to straight to them and said Hey listen um need to make an A plus product you know I've got the platform the milk boys we want to make a Seltzer We Got The Branding we got everything but we need the liquid to be a plus and they're like say no more and immediately start creating the flavorings we did taste tests and you know now that's one thing that I've been really great at and then then now that's the that's the beverage that's the liquid now who gets final say on the taste test it's all of us there's a there's a group like consensus there's a group of about seven to ten of us and it has to be unanimous um if one person doesn't like it we go back so it's no like not sorry Sam we like it you don't or sorry Kyle or sorry Joe butau it's everyone has to okay I love it um that's why we go back and forth so much if one person says I'm not sure we're going back so and I think that's been part of the happy death success has been that too um but then you know there's that part there's the liquid then there's then there's a liquid and Manufacturing right from cans to breweries um it originally starts with flavoring then breweries cans but then then now it's got to leave the brewery it's got to go two different states every state we have a different distributor so I had to find someone to help me find the right Distributors the right Partners a lot a lot of states and alcohol are have franchise loss meaning once you sign the deal with that distributor you're in with them for life crazy law by the way that's crazy crazy obviously a free market principle of course of course 100 euro laws you know so so anyway so now we're like all right so if we're in with these guys for life we got to be careful because one is they've got to be great they got to make us a priority uh they can't have a product by a competitor because we'll be bullied you know if they carry like let's just say I don't want to name any competitors but we all know who the competitors are in the can alcohol space uh you know if they say like hey like these happy that guys you better shove them out make you know like they're going to listen to the bigger guy of course um but then also you know with distribution you got to also say like all right one day if the you know a strategic partner wants to come into the business do they like that distributor because you're in with them for life so you know there's all those pieces we had to learn as well so I had to bring in someone to help me learn that side of yeah things so I did that that then that happened and then then there is now the retail sideers all right cool all right we got a great product it's been shipped out to the Distributors um how do I get Krogers to care how do I get Publix how do I get Walmart how do I get 7-Eleven Circle K how do I get them to care so that was you know so I was able to go and pretty much help find best people you know there's the point A to Z is so long in alcohol but I was that's that's something I've always been great how much of the talent that you ended up recruiting were you able to just go to them early on and say hey here's our idea here's you know the milk boys here's Their audience size like get on board versus you had to kind of get things in motion and get some momentum and then it was easier to convince you know some of these a plus people to come on I think I've been very lucky and I've said this in a lot is um I've always had this philosophy of um life is long not life is short and I've built some really great relationships in the last 20 something years that I've been in business where um when I make these phone calls almost everyone kind of knows I'm a man of my word and they'll give me a chance whether it's pre-launch shortly post launch whatever it is you know I could with some of my friends I've been very very very lucky with the friends and partners that I have that you know I can make calls and everyone's going to give me a chance yeah why do you think that is is it just that you've been doing it a long time and you've been successful and kind of always done what you said or something else yeah yeah I don't I'm I'm not a Bridge Burner yeah yeah that's not that's not anything that I do is burn a bridge I know and I'm still I'm old but almost still still young you know I'm 43 years old I know when I'm 55 years old I'm gonna need to call you for something you know and I know when I'm 55 you're gonna take my call or vice versa you're gonna call me and I'm going to come through for you you know we're going to know each other in 12 years you know so so that's why to me I'm almost thinking my relationship with you or my relationship with whomever your brother anybody you know we're still pretty young yeah I mean people have a hard time thinking five or ten years in advance let alone if you're you know in your 20s yeah right some of these guys the boot house is 40 50 years from now the bhutau family I met in 1999. I met the new bootel family 1999. yeah I was 19 years old at the time maybe 20 um 20 years old I think I was at a time when I met them um I mean I met them so long ago I was actually with them when 9 11 happened we were literally watching TV together like that's how long ago I knew them so for me to 20 years later yeah for 20 years later I was like Hey listen I know you guys are got all these partners and you guys are doing these Tequilas and vodka I think they were part of the Tito's team and um I forgot the name of the tequila but a big tequila um I actually had a business with them we created an alcohol a long time ago and the alcohol failed and you know many know when if when a business fails Partners usually hate each other and don't ever want to talk to each other again it's like we still love each other and they still took my call this was 15 years ago we made that tequila That Failed 15 years later they're still taking my call so I think that's kind of the lesson for anyone in business is like don't burn a bridge life is long life is not short you know when people say life is short they're just like dude get whatever it takes go burn that bridge screw that person you you you you I don't I don't agree with that yeah and I think it's kind of proof now it's like you know when Kyle or Steve or any of my partners calls like hey can you help get this can you help get this done it's like thing that you know I'm sure we'll talk about it but even like getting Elon Musk you know on how'd that happen dude I asked him twice first time he said maybe second time he said sure but that's uh email email them at the time and then like hey then um then I followed the second time was a text I was like yo you said maybe you know like like what do you say what do you say in the texture are you hitting Elon with like a you up text or are you just like very specific hey we're gonna be in Austin here's the date and time can you do it um no he he said if you're in us or he well both try to be as specific as possible but be short as well I know I only have a few seconds of his time um but when I had text when I texted him the last time um I said hey I think this is a great weekend to do this at the time the Twitter deal was kind of pending I said I'll stay away from any Twitter talk because there was like that's Taco Twitter lawsuit and all this stay away from all Twitter talk I'll give you final approval on the video I actually think that this is something that um many people who aren't in the content creation business don't really understand so journalists there's no final approval right they're going to write their story they're gonna do their interview they're gonna uh kind of produce whatever content they are and they go out with it and they do their best for the most part to try to be accurate and try to get you know all the different perspectives and and kind of um I think most journalists are trying to do the right thing uh but when there is no final approval like it just goes out and a friend of mine recently somebody wrote a big article about them and I texted him and he's like I'm happy with how it turned out right and so it was like kind of like you don't know until it's out and he read it and he liked it now in podcasts and YouTube and all this stuff what I've noticed is there are a lot of Business Leaders a lot of um uh investors those types of individuals who are gravitating towards podcasting and YouTube style content because they do get to see it at the end and I think that there's a difference between like what some people would refer to as like the gotcha journalism right which is like hey I'm trying to get you to say something that's bombastic so then I can twist it or whatever versus like we're going to talk about things today that are like non-controversial right and it's like I want you to be able to feel comfortable to talk right and vice versa when you guys are doing those interviews but how important do you think it is that you say to a guy like Elon you get final approval it's very it's very you know it's what's crazy what you're saying is it's very important because we offer it to every single guest and what's crazy is nobody's ever called us to take this out right because I think they feel so comfortable that they're just like not on the spot and they're not overthinking what they're saying because they're like okay at the end day I'm gonna have final approval yeah there wasn't a single thing Eli I didn't he we didn't even talk about it after we just went live I think we went live like a two days later like you never said hey I thought you said final approval there was nothing sometimes we'll ask someone at the end like I remember we did David portno and I text them I said hey anything that you want to take it out of that he said no um you know sometimes I'll follow up and ask but almost never has anyone ever told us even though we've offered it no one said hey take that one part out or whatever I always say that the people who asked for a bunch of stuff to be removed we've had I don't know maybe a 1200 episodes maybe like five or six people who have been like you know literally one person one time was like here's the time stamps take out this to this this whatever it's like those are the episodes where you're like look it's already trending where if you're that worried about it you probably really weren't saying things anyways that were super super interesting and so uh the more successful somebody is the less likely I think they want to I can tell you right now there'll be no no changes required from this episode there'll be none if I said something wrong that's on me that's that's not that's not your team's fault that's that's my fault all right uh so you guys do the Elon interview what is that like I mean you guys are obviously you're all in there I think that you and kind of your background your relationship you've known them right all this stuff is very different than maybe like Kyle or any of the other guys like what are they like before Elon comes in the room right what like what is that whole process like well it was um it was I think a little nerve-wracking because it was one it was supposed to be done the day before and there was some kind of like some hiccups and some issues with like different things that it didn't happen so then the next day actually I didn't get a hold of Elon till like 3 P.M the next day so um so there were you know we we had flown out um it was my brother's birthday the day before so we had flown out and you know spent a lot of money last second to fly out and I'm just sitting there I took my wife with me at the time so I'm just like I had like some like emotional support because I was just like I can't let these guys down like the whole team flew to Austin because the last message you were asking about the last message with Elon was hey I'm down to do it this weekend and um I said where where are you gonna be and he said Florida or Texas I was like oh like like which one like I don't even know you go to Florida I've never heard of Elon going to Florida I was like you know coin flip yeah so I was like which one and um I said should we just book our flights to Texas and he just wrote back sure I was like okay so then we just did that this was on a Friday I said hey we'll be there Monday and he said okay some things happened Monday couldn't happen so then um I said hey let's do it tomorrow he said message me in the morning message him in the morning didn't hear back till like 3 P.M and then he just wrote me like see you at 9pm tonight so 9 p.m on a Tuesday the world's richest man is rolls what is it like in a hotel room we got we had got a hotel room like in downtown Austin yeah and so he just rolls in and just sits down a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast okay it's always so fun to me right because you you always remember like once you're around these folks that like they are humans right they put one pent leg on at a time like all the normal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they text right pulling up like whatever uh but from afar right like he's dealing with the Twitter stuff he's got somebody tracking his like uh private plane he's freaking out about right like yeah like all this crazy stuff you got to deal with when you're the world's richest man in running all these companies and then like you find time to you know yeah go chilling he's the best man I after that like he and I've always and I was going back to another relationship I met him in 2013. so this is now what we're talking about is August of 2022. so it's like nine years after like nine years of me and him just kind of like just kind of occasionally chat and ran into each other a few different times mutual friends birthdays uh actually one time I was at a restaurant he was there we get you know we're ran into each other we were sitting next to each other but uh uh you know we just always kind of stayed in touch um but after then like he and I really stayed in touch like you know there's like it's like kind of crazy now it's like I talk to him weekly like really yeah all day usually Twitter yeah usually Twitter like giving them like product tips uh creators like like I really he really cares about the Creator space and um he really wants Twitter to be the greatest platform for creators so he'll he'll definitely call me on we'll talk product a little bit um he knows like my background was like building the app 10 years ago with shots but um but I think more is like creators like you know creators of all different worlds not just YouTubers and influencers but like athletes and actors and actresses and um and musicians you know stuff like that one of the things I saw that he was talking about I don't know if they're going to implement it or not that I thought was a pretty interesting idea is they're going to put ads potentially in the comments and then the Creator who creates the original post right could get a share of uh the actual ads in uh in the comments yeah yeah you know it would be like the equivalent of YouTube throwing up ads in the comment section and then you get a share of it and I just thought like okay whether that works or not it's always unclear right you get kind of tested in the look of the data and they'll decide whether it's worth shipping or not public man they're thinking differently yeah right like they're they're willing to test something that model Works in taboo right that model works on Snapchat does that right now with creators they run ads in between stories on snap and they share that with creators and it's very good money so this um you know obviously Twitter doesn't have stories I do think and I have to hold Elon a few times I do think Twitter should bring back stories like you know if you remember they had fleets yep um just just like was like X I mean even the name what's a flea isn't that when you buy a bunch of cars like but but you know just bring back Twitter stories and just call it Twitter stories but you know um but yeah I mean now but the way they're doing it because of the comment section which is you know a lot of people read on Twitter um versus just viewing um I think you'll get a lot a lot of engaging people and I think you can sell that engagement to advertisers as well I mean putting the view count alone right was a pretty big deal like it definitely I think open people's eyes like hey people may not be engaging but they're here yeah they're watching right I thought that was genius yeah I did too I think I know there was a lot of backlash in the beginning but I thought it was genius I hope that feature is here to stay um I think it's great I actually messaged them that too I said hey I think this is a future that should be here to stay yeah um who you guys trying to get on the podcast that you haven't been able to get yet is there like somebody who's like on the full send podcast because we have a few we have the pivot so on full sense specifically because most people would think Elon would be like the top of the mountain right but you guys already got him is there anybody else that you guys are like look who's on Elon we've got the Trump's been on there um you know he was on the podcast I don't know the video didn't last yeah yeah I think 48 hours or 24 hours um did you know to get taken down no no I don't think it would so that one even after you guys recorded you thought that it was going to be fine yeah but someone from his team a good buddy of mine who works for him said hey this is going to be taken down pretty soon watch and I said why he's like because read all the comments they're all positive about him and because it's positive it's going to go down I was like okay and then you read I mean even if you read because we we weren't going into that Trump I want to answer the question about who because I love that question um but um we weren't going into it as a political yeah you know like we try to stay clear politics as much as possible um a lot of the podcasts I actually helped write the questions so like some of the questions were like what songs on your playlist what do you listen to when you're a shower like you know you know even like joke I don't think they ever asked this one but like what do you think about the Kim at the time was relevant Kim and Connie's situation and like you know like just felt like dudes hanging out that's that's what we wanted and he is what regardless of your politics yeah he is a master manipulator of the media and he has hot takes and he has posted frankly some of the most viral content on the internet in the last decade I mean I still tell people like when he was president one of the most ridiculous but hilarious things that he did was when he was tweeting at Kim Jong-un and called him low Rocket Man he's the funniest man like and you're just like dude you're the president like please don't start world war three but also like okay you didn't start World War Three like that shit's pretty funny yeah right and the entertainment factor is like off the charts and so yeah the debates the debates in 2016 and the ones again in 2020 like and so that's what it felt like just great content it felt like you guys were there hanging out with him and firing questions that he never gets asked right and like I mean I want to almost go as far as to say like it looked like everyone was enjoying it like he was having fun and then the guys were having fun too yeah we had the best time and I'll be you know again like I should try to steer clear of politics but I could just say one thing about him he was so cool to us like he was so kind like even when the cameras are off he was just like welcome here I'm making sure we got everything we needed and then we ran into him twice since we ran into him at his golf course in La um and then we ran into him at a um at the live golf tournament in New Jersey um same thing like every time he's giving us a hugs and like asking us how we're doing he actually um I saw him a couple months after I got married in June and he said hey I heard you got married congratulations and you actually sent a letter to like uh me and Renee and like congratulating us on our wedding and like yeah just like you just like that's why it's hard for me to like just be around any negativity but also like I'll be honest like I'm also not a uh I'm not a Joe Biden hater either like at the end of the day the man's the president of our country you know he asked service the country for a long time um and I think you know he was elected president and you know his age might be his only one of maybe a major flaw but like that's not his fault like we still voted him hey you know so it's like you know you know I think there's a lot of people who wish that they were uh operational at uh at his age yeah right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm actually sometimes impressed I mean sometimes it's funny he writes on these clips where he's just like reading and like completely like you know but it's like you know what what can we do with politics you know I I just laugh there's nothing we can do there's nothing you and I can do to change anything like you know I mean like we could go and vote and our vote counts but that's about all we can do you know like you know so now we're just gonna sit back and enjoy it I think that's it it's great entertainment everything in everything that is seen through the portal of your phone or your computer has become entertainment and sometimes that's good sometimes that's bad but like I think that gets lost a lot of times because people take so much so seriously but like if there's one thing that we've learned is that if you're entertaining and you can hold people's attention you're charismatic or whatever you win right you win in politics when in business you win in all these different facets and I think that is one thing that uh the younger generation has an advantage on is like they grew up with the phone in their hand yeah right like they understand that in you know it's the life is a movie right and that's how they live their lives yeah yeah um you were asking earlier about who on full sent podcast I think uh one of the things so had Elon have had Trump um I've had Dana White who I you know admire Mike Tyson I mean I mean you know Dave Portnoy which I think is probably one of the most underrated entrepreneurs of our um but um I can't say anything nice about Dave because in a recent episode I called him a pioneer of the digital media age and I'm just waiting for him to find that clip and then go and uh and celebrate so yeah he's incredible in terms of what he's done I think people don't uh give him the credit he deserves for a 20-year run doing it too right it's not like you just show up on the scene for two years I think he's the um I would put him in top five greatest entrepreneur in the World of Sports you know like when you're making that list of like the greatest entrepreneurs in the World of Sports and you take out all the sport owners you know that Jerry Jones is and Al Davis and all them take all those guys out um but on sport entrepreneurs like I would put them in top five all the time of our time of our time yeah yeah I don't know who was doing stuff in the 70s and 80s but of our time yeah I would say who else is up there Reuben Reuben 100 Ruben um I mean just those two guys Dana White right yeah Dana White yeah yeah there's probably like five or six people you could come up with that you're like man they've built what is hundreds of millions or billions of dollars of Enterprise Value specifically the intersection of media business whatever and sports yeah and they've done it really redefining what sport is or how it's covered or you know whatever yeah and like that is the definition of a Pioneer right yeah yeah I would say Mark Cuban too you know obviously he owns a Mazda outside of Mavericks he's done quite a bit as well but um but yeah I think those you know were guests going back I want to try to answer that question again because I think about it all the time who else and what's the direction of the podcast um I think um different creators or celebrities or whatever who um who actually have products like I also think full send podcasts could be a platform for someone who's got their own happy Dad or whatever and come and talk about the business with the boys because that's the one thing with Kyle especially who's the main host of the podcast it says podcast and um you know he really understands he's very Hands-On with the business of happy Dad so like let's just say like I was just talking to Kevin Hart's um partner in the tequila and we were talking about how how to get Kevin on and what would they talk about you know Kevin doesn't really know the elk boys all that well and you know so um that would not be a funny episode at all yeah I know I know I can't wait you know it's gonna be some one-liners in that one but um I think um who's taller yeah but no I think um talking about like his tequila you know and like the business the stuff that we opened up this podcast with and talking about is like the business behind you know like his his tequila um I need to try it I haven't tried it yet but everyone has talked about us tequila let's talk about it's a 10 out of 10 product it's because it's on the higher end of the tequila like he's not going after like the lower lower end like it's a higher price point tequila but um but it's like you know we share Distributors and our Distributors like when I just randomly I'll ask him like how's Kevin Hart's tequila like crushing it absolutely crushing it so so is it Crush I know it's not crushing because of Kevin Hart he's got the right Partners Now Kevin Hart's got a crazy platform and like and what he's doing it's helping but it starts with your partners and like he went and he went and found the right partner this guy James who's awesome and then James went and got the right product made you know and then they went and I know they the Distributors that they use the same ones we use great A Plus and and then now Kevin's got this platform and now he's grinding as well and all the time so it's like you know there's so many different parts to building a you know a Creator product which what Kevin's tequila is I think like getting guests like that to talk about that like or another one that I think is a very underrated business because he has so much potential I was actually talking to him this morning about his David dobrik and his pizza place you know one might look at it's like wait it's just one location off Sunset Boulevard yeah that location is less than six months old like wait until you see what he does with this over the next few years the opportunities of growing it into multiple cities may be franchising it maybe you see the frozen pizzas and Costco's you know I mean like like David dobrik has a billion dollar business right you know in his hands you know yeah um what was fascinating to me is that all of these Brands uh are the equivalent of as a kid when we grew up like Cece's Pizza nobody knew what the hell CC's was right yeah uh it was just like you went to a place you liked it you kept coming back but now what ends up happening is somebody like a David Dober can open a pizza place and he's done the marketing for years he's already built the fan base he's done all this stuff and it is the like athlete endorsement type model now it shows these people are realizing like own the business right and it then begs the question like the milk boys are they creators or the entrepreneurs right Kevin Hart is he a movie star is he comedian is he a entrepreneur like I was an entrepreneur I think that they all fall under that entrepreneurs that just happen to create you know different than you and I yeah I mean like you know we were businessmen but we also know how to create but in different ways you know we know how to go on podcasts and speak well they know how to create Kevin Hart knows how to create in front of a live audience telling jokes or no boys know how to create great content that'll go viral on YouTube and the internet you know just in different ways but how do you think about how big happy Dad is like in terms of are there numbers that you guys have shared publicly in terms of like how big that business actually is it's very big but what's crazy is um you know when I say we're two years old um we right now we're only as of now in March 2023 we're in 16 states only and in those 16 States we have less than 10 penetration we're not in every single store yet in those 16 States um but when you look at the Nielsen charts that's public to anyone who wants to go look or subscribe what however way you want to get access to Nielsen is um we're moving up on the charts in so many different um parts of America you know we uh you know we're we're top 10 everywhere that were available but in some regions and some stores we're a top three you know top three alcohol Brands top three Seltzer so white Claw is number one buy a landslide truly's number two and three four five have always been kind of a battle between vizzy but light Seltzer um depending on your region there's a lot of local ones like in Southern California there's one called Ashland um you know there's never been a solid number three and we've in a lot of territories we've taken that number three and we've kind of locked uh topachiko as it was a big one that's actually was number three in a lot of slots um it's owned by Coca-Cola but we've in a lot of areas we've locked in that number three so now because like white Cloud's got number one locked for now for now yeah for now yeah but there are also got many years ahead of us I mean why class I would say like six years old uh maybe a little bit older um then truly's got number two locked you know but we were we wanted to lock number three now we're locking number three in a lot of regions so so that's you know that's only in the 16 States uh we're launching five more States we're launching we're launching Canada um Canada is a big market for our um our content consumption and and then also like what we're also now looking at is like uh different audiences at different sectors of consumers uh we know we know if you're 25 to 30 years old you've heard of happy Dad you've tried happy Dad if it's available in your state uh but now we're looking at a male if you're 25 to 30 year old male uh now we're looking at okay how do we hit female Market how do we hit the Latino Market how do we hit the black market like how do we hit you know these other markets I'll just take all the demographics whether it's uh race gender sex whatever you can do and just cut through every single one of them yeah how do we keep penetrating all these different things so I'll give an example of the female Market is uh one is um it's not a day where a different female is coming up to me is like well why happy Dad why aren't you doing Happy mom I've been hearing that for almost two years you know so great idea yeah great idea so we're doing happy mom um and it'll be a similar type of product and just different brands the same product just different flavor and we said okay so instead of 10 men taste testing the flavors which is what we've been doing last couple years with our existing flavors let's get 10 females women who work for us women within our world in the industry uh my wife she came in yeah Renee's one so pressure yeah ten of them tenable Jesus I mean they all had to be honest but uh if anyone's gonna be honest it's gonna be her but the 10 of them came together and they came up with the flavor together so so you know so like all right cool so the the Brandy's there the flavor's there 10 women love this flavor and we're gonna that's gonna be the first flavor is Happy mall so now we're going after the female market and how do you think about the audience being 80 90 male right whatever it is uh being able to crack into that other side of maybe now it's not just the content drives it right like is it now something where a happy Dad can like be bigger than milk can it Escape you know kind of uh being hey there's this group on YouTube who has a big audience and like that's why happy Dad is successful and eventually people just say like no happy Dad is like a successful Seltzer that uh survives on its own even if milk never uploaded another video hey guys I hope that you're enjoying this conversation as you probably realize we don't run any ads on this show that's right all the other podcasts all the other YouTube shows that you watch they have advertisers we don't have any direct relationships with advertisers and we simply create this because we enjoy doing it now that we do that so we have a team and if you'd like to support us one way you can do that is to go subscribe to the pomp letter it's a daily letter that I write to about 235 000 people about my personal opinion on financial markets business technology and Bitcoin just go to pompletter.com and you can sign up there I'd love to have you join us and it's a great easy way to support the work that the team and I are doing on a daily basis all right let's get back into this conversation um I think it's become bigger than no can I'll give you a couple reasons why I know just from experience um this one's a small one but this one happened but this has happened once with one person so I can't really tell but I have another example um Kyle who's the creator of the nelk boys um he um main base of milk was him and Steve but Kyle was on a flight he's wearing a happy Dad hoodie got next to him sitting next to him says hey love your hoodie man I love happy Dad because I was like oh cool he's like thank you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sitting next to a fan this is gonna be a brutal flight yeah yeah so the guy's just talking about happy Dad this and that and at the end of the flight um a guy just like hey what's your name he's like Kyle I'm so so Kyle's like wow this guy doesn't even know who I am like he had no idea the guy who Kyle was he was talking about happy Dad and you know I was talking about why he likes happy that and this and that and I don't know if Kyle ever to revealed who he was yeah he's just like this was crazy like this guy had no idea so that's one but uh this is this this other one is a bigger example is um we did a test run in Costco okay so Costco Northern California they said we want to test happy then um we want to test it in nine locations and uh usually a product when you want to get into Costco you'll make a bigger product because Costco always likes the lowest price so you want you want to give them but they look at per unit price so that's why most people make like larger Club packages um for Costco so you get maximum dollar but at a cheaper price price visual price point we weren't ready to do that we only have a 12 pack available so we we're like all right well you're just gonna have to sell the 12 pack for now we don't it's going to take us some time to make a 24 or 36 pack I think we've decided to make a 24 now but um so we give them 12 um the 12 packs they tested nine stores in Northern California the product got shipped out earlier than we knew so it was it got it got delivered to the Costco stores a whole week before we had this whole marketing plan in place basically just and like the marketing plan is like we're going to tell people to go buy it we're going to show up yeah yeah we're gonna do all this stuff we'll sell out for sure we got to impress Costco we got to show them how fast we move um the product got there a whole week before we didn't know and people are messaging us like hey just saw you at Costco and I'm like what do you mean like we're not supposed to be there until next week Thursday but it was a whole week the Thursday before calling some of our partners they're yeah um so by the time we got some answers um it was like now Monday by the time we got answers and I'm like well we gotta like implement this thing I don't want Costco to think we're a flop right you're sold out all nine Costco's so what we we never promote it look at our socials we never promoted available on Costco no one posted on social media and one thing like I mentioned a few minutes ago our audience is 25 year olds and up 25 30 year olds in Northern California that is not Northern California is not a big market for us and 25 year olds aren't really going to Costco to shop yep yep so it's not our even audience how much of this is like um uh Prime uh I don't know if the numbers leaked or somebody reported them but the prime drink um I think they did like 250 million dollars last year in uh revenue and uh I've talked to a couple of friends who have kids that are you know kind of like eight to maybe 15 years old no like my kid can't find it my kid you know if there's a gas station locally that has it like they all spread the word very quickly and they go and they pick it up and some of them are even reselling it at school for a a premium and like all this kind of stuff right like how much of that is baked into what you guys have done with happy Dad when I see people you know in a line down the street and it's like look we want to sell out but like there is this scarcity element of it that drives people to go to run over to Costco and buy at buy it out because it's not widely available in Northern California yeah yeah yeah well we are available in Northern California the cost one was a whole different audience that gave this gave happy Dad a try whether it was older guys it's so so I'd love to talk about Prime in a second what you were talking about their numbers but uh but with happy Dad so the the neighborhood I live in is all you're not going to find an adult under under the age of 35 it's you but it's like younger families 35 to 50 year olds live in my neighborhood uh I've made a mandate like every we have three grocery stores in my neighborhood and we have like five different bars and I've told our team Hey listen like everywhere in my city and I live in a smaller City 20 000 people um every location that sells alcohol in my city you gotta do me a favor make sure we're stocked up like I gotta see it like I don't want to go to my Albertsons or my stator brothers or even my Selma's Pizza the pizza place or board and Brew my sandwich place and not see happy Dad so they've made it they're like all right and literally I said it because me but also like I think this audience is 35 year old 50 year old men you know what are they're they're all dads you know I mean like they see a product called happy Dad and I think that's what happened in Costco like happy Dad you know I'm here I'm here to buy a bunch of tri-tip like I'm you know I'm I'm I'm a happy Dad um my wife let me out of the house so I think people were you know the marketing of that is now getting the 35 year old to 50 year old men whether they're people living in my neighborhood or going to cost the Costco Shoppers uh but the products would be great because somebody went back and bought it again you know like somebody went and said hey let me give this a try you know you know it's about 12 of them you know you took them out in a day or two and went back that Sunday or Monday and bought more so so the rebuys are really important going back to what we opened up and talked about was the products got to be great but yeah so I think that's so the scarcity of it I think maybe helped a little bit in the very beginning but now it's the actual product and hitting different audiences yeah like like we were talking about genders um ethnicities age groups you know like a milk audience pretty much caps it like 31 32 years old you know it's like probably the oldest you know um so you know how do I get the 32 to 50 year old to drink you know or 60 year olds yeah and what about prime what do you guys think about that um someone asked me this morning actually do you think those numbers are real I think so like I think you gotta remember one thing Prime one thing I do hate is when people compare us to prime which happens sometimes on social media I don't even know why I read social media but on social media like you know oh right Prime's doing 250 million like show us your numbers like nah ours is not that you know like but we're also in 16 states only and but but I do believe that Prime's doing the that because not only are they available in all states but they're also absolutely massive in the UK like KSI like is he a sleeper like in terms of for Americans like he's he's that guy I don't think people know how big KSI is in the UK like he's I I mean he's like he's like borderline royalty out there like they love KSI out out in the UK so so you got that strategic partner in Europe then you have Logan here and then like Logan's genius marketing right it's like there's not a place where he's not holding up the bottle and making sure it's the bottles getting as many Impressions but also like you know I've got a lot of all my friends you know I was telling you before we even got started like all my boys back on like my best friends are we have there's a group of 10 of us from high school 20 something years later we're all still best friends most of them have kids whenever their account they're coming over at a Super Bowl party all the kids Uncle John do you have Prime you know dads are drinking happy Dad but Uncle John yeah Prime and they Logan always sends me cases to my house so I'm always like giving the kids Prime and now they want to come back we want to go to Uncle John's house he has Prime these are kids between eight eight and thirteen years old yeah and is it like just basically replacing Gatorade for them I think so like like you know you and I probably grew up and it was like the Michael Jordan commercials and Gatorade and everyone Powerade came you kind of like that I think it's it's it's it's it's what you just said I think it's Gatorade combined with Michael Jordan because Michael Jordan was cool to wear Michael Jordan because of Michael Jordan because Michael Jordan was so cool to kids back then I think that's what Logan is Logan is really cool to kids these days so he really appeals to the 8 to 13 to you know teens you know teens of all ages you know people they love looking obviously a lot of people hate Logan and Jake you know but but you know but also during the world of Combat Sports there's you're supposed to have people who hate you that's that's why people are buying newspaper views and they're making gazillions of dollars with the Pay-Per-View so yeah but kids love Logan Paul kids love Jake Paul I know because I see myself with all my friends kids so that's why I think those numbers are real and I think I think like I think this is why maybe their second full year too like I think they're about as old as I remember I think we're around the same age just happy that maybe started a little bit later but they're murdering it uh I want to talk about a couple other things but um on the like I'll call it the milk business you also have as you mentioned other podcasts you guys have other products I know that you guys have talked about uh doing some sort of jerky product you guys are obviously still doing merch I've heard numbers that are like mid eight figures on the merch of the year like this is like a big big business what is the structure of this is this like a bunch of different businesses and H1 has kind of different partners and Equity splits or whatever is there like uh it all rolls up and there's kind of like a holding company and people would think that they're almost like a conglomerate like when you put on like the business hat how do you think about the way you all have built this and some of it may be intentional some of it you know sometimes you're just moving so fast that like oh my god dude it's a complete mess we got to fix it right but like is it comparable to the conglomerates of like yesteryear that people would be familiar with in like public companies or uh or even private conglomerates or is it look different from that well um I think it's it's so I'll break down the entire structure there's there's three companies um there's happy Dad LLC the beverage consumer goods food product I'm gonna get to that and the kind of the real Vision behind the direction we're happy that's going there's full send which is milk full sand uh content house but also uh merch um those uh eight figures that you've heard has been underneath the full sand milk umbrella and then there's shots podcast Network which is my shot Formerly Known the shot Studios became a podcast Network during covid you know when we had to pretty much shut down the studios and couldn't really have production we pivoted the whole business into podcasting and those three pretty much ran by Me My Brother Sam and Kyle so Kyle's now a partner in shots as well and um and Steve will do it and um so let's go go backwards so shots is just the network shots is got the relationships with all the platforms shots is um pretty much 14 years of me doing YouTube um so there's shots then there's full send which which is really the merch teams from Full sent golf Olson full net Fitness all the different collabs full send does and then even powering happy Dad merch but then there's happy Dad the way we see happy Dad is um you know it's not the same as like like we don't see ourselves as like the next Budweiser definitely not the next truly a white claw uh I think it's much bigger than that I see it as the next PepsiCo is what I see it like I but I want to model the happy Dad company I think of the Pepsi code model Pepsi owns Pepsi and all the different Pepsi products Mountain Dew different variations of Pepsi Pepsi also owns Frito-Lay uh Pepsi also owns Gatorade Pepsi owns a bunch of different water companies including Aquafina so they're in the beverage and then they're in the you know consumer goods product World up until recently Pepsi owned Taco Bell Pizza Hut KFC Long John Silver's um and that's kind of the model with happy Dad is you know we have happy Dad happy dad's the number one priority when it comes to consumer goods but what more can happy that do we have these teams that are walking through these stores they're merchandising they're building these displays they're developing relationship with store owners store managers buyers everybody you know so while we're doing that we have our own staff that's internal we didn't subcontract that we don't use a third party distributor for this we use third-party Distributors to distribute the alcohol but not to go actually build the relationships we own those relationships they're happy that employees they have happydad.com emails so while we're doing that what more can we do um that's where the idea of beef jerky came in uh it was presented to me about a year ago um just somebody just cold emailed me and just said hey like got a beef jerky company would like would love to see if there's something we can do together I'm I live in Orange County we're in Orange County and I say hey stop by the office let me give it a try bring some samples try it out I was like wow this is really good you know shout out to this guy but um Ahmad but um The Branding wasn't there though I was like listen like I don't think anyone's gonna buy that but but you've done the most hardest part you've made a great product let me help you with the branding let me I'll come up with something and let me help you with the distribution and um and that's what we did we rebranded it uh during the time we bought a bunch of board Apes so we said all right so we have four Apes why don't we do each one of the Apes will be a different flavor call it beef jerky board jerky and um and use our guys who are going into the 7-Elevens Kroger's independent stores wherever and say hey while we have happy that we actually have this other product as well and it's doing this what you know doing really great on socials we're we're doing this sales wise we're doing this whatever you know um their spill is in um and getting that into stores and that's kind of like going back to the Pepsi models all right Pepsi has Pepsi and probably Pepsi is the number one driver of Revenue for the company is the Pepsi product but Pepsi also has Frito-Lay what's our Frito-Lay be beef jerky maybe down the road there'll be other products maybe we do get into non-alcohol or other alcohol you know we're getting to these liquor stores maybe there's a spirit maybe you know more but right now happy Dad has a lot of work to do and then there's you know our first food product that we'll be Distributing and as you do this how much of it will be you guys ideating the actual products versus like somebody brings to you and you're like hey you already you know you nailed the product but we can help with The Branding and distribution and more so there's probably a lot of people who are listening who may have products this is something you guys are actively seeking and saying hey look if you got them come show them to us or yeah we're always you know I I you know what's crazy and and I know my emails are going to blow up before I say this but I read every single email that's sent to me yeah every single email I'll read it um so there's other guys you know they pitched us on ATM machines you know and doing ATM machines and my first things that's not food what's that have to do with us but now I was like wait a minute same place we're in a lot of bars you know like we could one of what if we made happy that what if you skinned it as a happy Dad ATM machine and now it's another point of sale item inside that bar right because maybe someone didn't know happy that is available there and they went to or their Jack and Coke but they need to go get cash from the ATM machine they see happy that logo there they come back hey you guys have happy to hear oh yeah we do yeah like you know they're just not you know because people aren't we're less than two years old they're not programmed to go to the bar and think to order happy Dad yet so how do we program point of sale items well point of sale we've got coasters that we make available to all the different bars and other on-premise locations we have neon signs available upon request we have napkins we give the staff all the different merch but like maybe the ATM machine is like that's a pretty big piece of real estate inside that of that location so so you know I'm always looking at different things people send um we will we'll uh we'll come up with ideas ourselves um you know many of the like the flavor idea of happy mom or it's another one that we're coming out with early April with a very big partner um it's gonna be a big surprise but a big partner first week of April and then you know so those are all like the flavors and the ideas that the Partnerships were all stuff that came in internally but then people pitched so I would say it's like 50 50. it's whatever whatever makes sense We're not gonna just do anything uh you know we do get pitched a lot of dumb stuff as well you know but you know but but if it makes sense and it's something that we could be helpful and doesn't distract us from what we're currently doing we'll do it I want to talk about Steve um I don't really I'm not as familiar with all the controversy but it sounds like from a couple videos I've seen recently he's not allowed in the YouTube videos yeah or uh they get they'll get taken down like I guess kind of what's happened there and especially for our audience who uh they're not going to be up on the latest you know kind of details of Nell can do in the content like how would you describe Steve as part of the group and then it almost seems like he's kind of been banished off of YouTube yeah well it's part of the group part of the group it's very simple Steve is a partner in everything um Steve is a very close friend I would even say to me a brother um and um you know I mean he's part of our group and pretty much will be part of our group the rest of our lives so so he's he's part of us um and that'll you know with or without whatever platform that that's never going to change but you know it's very unclear so when I was going back and we were talking about the Elon thing that Monday when we met when we were supposed to get with Elon when we landed we were told that Steve's channel was um when that happened and um do you like tell Elon like yo Steve will do his channel got banned and then he's like Steve will do what yeah well no no because at the same time Elon had also said um that um I guess someone had Steve loves Elon to this day if you go down his Twitter he's retweeting every single thing Elon says okay and there was one time he made just this joke video when Bitcoin had crashed and you know it came out that like Elon sold all this Bitcoin and Bitcoin crashed and Steve like lost a lot of money so he made an anti-elon video Once that's a joke you know the problem with the the termination of his YouTube is um people can't tell that he's joking like they can't tell his jokes you know what I mean like I don't know if this is the best analogy but I use this analogy once I was like it's like it's like this is like a woman like like if you see a like a teacher like out there she's dressing not like a teacher but like maybe like you know she looks like she's like an exotic dancer and you're like dude why is she dressed like that she's a teacher she's not supposed to dress like that but then like if you see a girl that you know she you know she works at it tootsies and she's dressed the same way that teacher was she's like no that's fine she's she's a stripper you know like and I think that's the same thing with Steve is like people don't know that he's a comedian so when he says things people are just like hit so off guard it's like yo why do you say that it's like he's a comedian Steve is a funny funny guy so if you're not watching all those content you don't get it so if you're just watching a clip you're gonna be offended because he will say some stuff but just be offensive if it's just some random person on the street but if you know a comedian said it then maybe it'd be fine but if Theo Von says that are if Tim Dylan says that our Dave Chappelle says it or you know you know any any stand-up comedian says it it's like oh no no he's a stand-up comedian he says that kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah ah okay okay damn I got his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the dark you know but no one really knows Steve is that it's like who is he he's like oh he's some kid from Florida that blew up on the Internet yeah oh and he said what you know and I think that's what's led to people say it was because of gambling uh maybe that's the reason I was used to um terminate it um but I don't think that's why I think it's because people who are taking some of the things that he said was offensive because they don't know that he's actually joking because if if a person who has a Netflix special stand-up comedian would say the same thing Steve said people would be laughing about it and sharing it so I think that's kind of what happened with Steve but it's a blessing in disguise because after that he did a deal with Rumble and he's got a you know I know it's very early with Rumble but you know he's like a priority to the CEO Chris he's like always taking care of Steve they've become good friends um you know rumble's numbers have been through the roof ever since then uh Steve also launched a Audio Only podcast as well with the video on Rumble something very unique and it's like helped his number no helped him develop a new audience on on Spotify that's like you know that's now introduces Steve will do it world now it does hurt not being a allowed on YouTube uh he's launching a Snapchat show you know um obviously with Twitter he's he's good you know so yeah um so he can't even be in the videos for like the full send podcast that's crazy yeah if he's if you guys like have him his voice like just put him off to the corner and not put him on video it's just it it had we've thought about it we thought about putting them you know maybe make putting on a mask you know yeah put him in a costume you know we've thought of all all that I can only imagine what you guys have thought of yeah yeah we thought of it all maybe he's uh you know maybe he's a DJ competitor to marshmallow you know it's like just becomes as the official DJ of milk but no one knows who it is um we've thought of it all um and we might do that so hopefully no from YouTube's made it this far into this episode but now the the truth is that's all joking aside is the truth is I think life goes on and I think it's time for him to focus on other things people love Steve when he's still his channel was terminated in August so it's been what six seven months and um when he shows up for meetups same same amount of crowd you know um you know nothing's really changed other than not having YouTube but like you know with happy Dad he's just as important as a partner to us it's tough for me to say I don't I don't agree that he can't be in videos you know so it's just tough for me to like kind of go down that rabbit hole so I just kind of stay mute because um the people I've talked to at YouTube about it I I don't want to say who or what what department or anything but they've all like pretty much like said the same thing to me it's like we don't agree either like like it's it's like a deeper group within there it seems weird like I understand taking down the channel right like again I don't agree with it based on what I understand you're saying or whatever but like okay uh but to then say like you basically ban the person from YouTube where like they can't even appear on anyone else's yeah Channel I feel like that's being bullied because if they said you know and I think they're just bullying creators when they're saying that because Andrew Tate was banned from YouTube as well right but he's on Piers Morgan's channel on peers so Pierce is okay because he's Pierce Morgan he's part of a massive network but we're just some small creators we don't you know like you need that massive Network because they probably spend x amount of dollars with this other department so you can't piss them off by deleting Piers Morgan's you know chat Channel or or video but you don't really need anything from us you know so different we're threatened you know I mean but but you know if like let's just say going back to Andrew Tate was probably you know what the most hated person on the internet might be the most banned person on the internet but if Andrew Tate went on Good Morning America that'd be okay for them to air it on their Channel you go on Good Morning America 10 times I Gotta Give ABC a hard time you know um but Steve will do it comes on the full send podcast hey you're going to be terminated sounds like Steve will do it should go on Good Morning America very true right yeah we got it actually he was joking about that he was like maybe um he's like you know what's funny is uh he's like maybe I should go on a Mr Beast video he's like you think you can make that happen let's see if like they take down Mr Beast oh that's actually a genius idea like let's see I doubt they would take down Mr Beast I don't think that they would do that he said that he said that a few weeks ago we were in Arizona it's like we're talking about that we're like maybe we should put you in a Mr Beast video yeah but but yeah it's sad it's sad because um listen I would be the first to admit if we did something wrong and and and nelk has done the world of now all everyone has done some dumb things here and there but does it nothing his nothing that's led to the consequence of being permanently banned on the biggest social network in the world the second biggest website in the world without any type of warning there was no warning no nothing so that one like that's why it just kind of sucks it's like this Steve has done listen Steve has done a lot of dumb things a lot of time publicly some behind the scenes a lot and any time I've called them I said Steve I wouldn't do that or I wouldn't he stops you know I mean like he stops he's he's moving a million miles an hour anytime I have colors he's 24. yeah anytime I've called him or his mom's called them or Sam or Kyle anyone's that say hey Steve and explain logically not Steve stop hey Steve don't do this because this this this and that ah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't think of it like that John you're so right you know or his mom or something a 24 year old kid and everything you do basically is on the internet I can't I can't I can't imagine I can't I wasn't yeah there was no I don't even know come on I mean was YouTube even a thing when I was 24 I don't know um but um but yeah so that's why to me it was like Steve is a very logical smart guy he's not dumb at all he's moving a million miles an hour but if someone slows him down and explains things to him he stops I know I know this I talked to his mom and I are very close and we talk five six days a week you know and where everyone's always in the you know we got this pretty much this board of directors around Steve to always protect them but he listens he's not he's not unmanageable or anything like that and that's the one thing he never got from YouTube it was a phone call hey we don't like this now could you please not do this that never happened it just was hey permanently ban no appeal no nothing sorry do you think it changes uh with uh Susan leaving a CEO and uh this guy Neil coming in or do you think that it's kind of below CEO level I don't think I don't think it's a YouTube level I think it was a Google level I don't think it was a YouTube because everyone that I've talked to at YouTube it's like dude we love this we don't agree with this everyone I've talked to YouTube I've never talked to Susan about it but everyone else I've talked to from you know high up down yeah you know like they've not I don't know I don't know might not even be a YouTube thing it might even be a third party contractor that they you know contracted policies out to you know everyone does that Twitter yeah I know that I know damn well Twitter did that Elon got rid of them all of them but Twitter was doing that it wasn't on Twitter we had our YouTube channel deleted one time uh we were on a live stream and we got done and it was deleted and thank God I had Twitter because I went on Twitter and honestly you know having a field day being like what the hell just happened and it took a while but I had numerous YouTube employees DM me and be like hey send me the information and I'll you know try to navigate internally um and it turns out that uh the official communication was like uh there was a mistake made chance reinstated you're fine but the unofficial stuff was like one person hit the delete button right and like I think to me it was like I don't know who the person was I didn't want to know right it's just like look just got to channel back move on whatever um I was like man one one employee can do that yeah right that's what I mean and like and that's what happened to Steve that's what happened to Steve you know I don't know don't know it was a contractor out you know they contracted a firm out of and you know in middle of nowhere I don't know I don't know yeah I don't know but we'll never know but what I tell Steve is maybe things change maybe there could be reinstatement but in the meantime build this relationship with you have with Rumble you know I know it's not YouTube but they take care of you and they're they're growing as well but then also you've got everything else you know you have so much more and when we walk the streets with Steve just as many people going losing their minds when they see Steve in the streets today as they were a year ago so nothing's really changed as far as his relevancy goes when you think of full send milk kind of the whole thing today right those three companies Etc how big can this get like is this a thing where the aspiration is we want to build a billion dollar business we want to build a 10 billion 100 billion is it like we think we can build this and you know some large corporation will come in and buy us out like what kind of when you guys sit around in private you think about like imagine if how big are the dreams or aspirations um you know one thing I've never ever done is build anything in hopes of selling so I've always wanted every business including shots over shots is 14 years old now happy dad's about two years old full sun milk I only joined about almost three years ago now but it was you know it's about 10 years old seven years old without me my first focus is make it a successful profitable business treat this like we're never selling and we're just going to be a profitable business we're growing we're innovating you know um we're monetizing you know monetization you know monetization leads to being able to innovate and we could create you know happy Dad was self-funded at the very beginning um to this day we haven't really brought on any large investors and um so you know we make all decisions you know happy Mom I don't have to go get someone so's approval we decided my brother and I decided ran it by Stephen Kyle they loved it that's it that's happening yeah um and that's always been the philosophy now how big it could become you know because we do have shareholders so I sometimes have to answer that question is I think in each one of each one of those business itself is a several hundred million if not billion dollar company and then happy that the different businesses within happy debt I think I think happy dad's a multi-billion dollar man I think happy dad's I think you're not thinking big enough yeah I think no I think happy Dad could easily be ten plus billion 10 plus bill I think happy that's gonna have number of billion dollar companies within it right I think board jerky itself is a billion dollar company I think someone will call them I saw the rock um with taramana tequila I'm gonna mess up the numbers but Casa Migos uh I think when they sold somebody said they were doing like 180 000 cases or that they had done 180 000 I think for a billion and The Rock has now sold a million cases no right so again maybe the numbers are you know not exactly the same from multiple bases uh price points could be different profitability could be different the economic environment is different like there's a whole bunch of uh kind of asterisks alongside that but like terraman is probably a multi-billion dollar uh business yeah right for that audience uh size and engagement I feel like not only do you guys have a very large audience a very engaged audience but you also have a really long Runway right like everyone loves the rock he's one of the most recognizable people in the world he's older yeah yeah right and so if you think over the next you know 10 15 years all those 21 to 28 29 year olds they're eventually going to become 30 and 40 year olds yeah we you know you know and happy that we also have Partners outside now so Drewsky became a partner recently sugar Shawn O'Malley became a partner recently um there's a partner that's coming out April 1st I can't say who but I'm gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm gonna show you and I just want you to see your reaction all right and then we'll all right but I can't say you can't say I'm just gonna show you oh no oh he actually came out with the flavor idea himself too not yet [Laughter] yeah that's a grand slam he came out with the flavor and the pack of course of course yeah like that's a grand slam yeah so that's so he's become a partner in the company and um and we're launching a our first uh well I don't want to say our first um our first collab our first collab was actually in my opinion this our board a banana flavor um that was our first collab but this will be our second clap you would say um but yeah that's coming out so so that's you know so when now when I'm thinking happy Dad I'm like all right I got we got these other partners and by the way he hits a different market like he's and that was his approach to us he came up and said hey what are you doing within the black community it's like trying to figure it out he's like let me run that for you let me let me handle that part for you know I was like a pretty good person to do it yeah so I was like I'd love to have you you know Mr Mrs you know I'm not gonna I guess I've said him so yeah we know it's a mister but um but yeah yeah let's let's do it so this was about maybe a year ago this time it's been a year partnership in the works and we're launching it April 1st um but yeah so going back to it is like so shots in my opinion several hundred million dollars I mean it's right now it's currently actually the biggest podcast Network on YouTube shots shots podcast network is um full send is and can be the next bar stool Sports in my opinion um you know uh it's gonna be a lot of work don't wanna ever take away anything from fortnite 20 plus years of grinding so it's not like an overnight thing but in the long run it could be its own network for sports content male and female focused content both um you know um comedy what not and then and then there's happy Dad which happy that the beverage itself to me is Billion Dollar Plus is coming but then Happy dad's gonna have these other brands within it that'll also you know or jerky in my opinion could be a billion dollar plus company itself so so that's why it's like multiple multiple ones but all three are very different too yeah but they all complement each other you know the full send brand and everything full Sim brings to the table helps happy Dad yeah shots podcast Network helps bring on podcasts and you have like the pivot podcast where every episode they're drinking happy to add and we're partners with them now and you know other partner other podcasts that we're gonna bring underneath the partnership that we're gonna be drinking happy Dad in every single episode or even some of the collabs that we're gonna do we're gonna do a pivot podcast happy Dad collab yeah um so you know so they all they all all these companies talk they all they all talk yeah it's very smart yeah where can we send people to find you if they want to just kind of pay attention as you guys continue or before they want to reach out um don't give your email yeah they they find my my email's too easy I gotta make it more complicated no I mean my socials you know I'm just at John everywhere Twitter Instagram Snapchat I have at John um I don't use tick tock much but whatever time well every so often I'm on at John there I'm at John on YouTube so just John everywhere but uh that's my personal but I think if you really want to follow and see everything just follow Our Brands follow happy Dad on us on socials board jerky uh shots milk boys you know those are I think more entertaining my personal ones and I'm sorry I'm so focused on helping other people with their social strategies I forget about myself so I don't really know what I'm doing I just throw up random stuff on my socials yeah I think you're doing just fine yeah awesome thank you so much for doing this I always enjoyed talking Angela and yeah I don't think people quite understand just the uh the size of what you guys have built and how fast some of the stuff's growing so it's cool to talk to you and yeah hopefully it'll inspire a lot of other people to uh that's that's why I do these podcasts man I want I want every once in a while whenever I do these someone messages me that they were inspired or they're doing this or that I really you know I don't like doing all a lot of these but I do them because I just know that there's people out there who just want to get up and get off their ass and do it whether launch your own podcast start your own company design your own merch whatever it is you know like just do it because that's that's been the secret to us is like you know when we want to do something we do it and um we don't like I've said before and I'm gonna say forever we don't burn Bridges we're always thinking long term and um and you know and and we have fun you know we do everything we do everything that we do is just fun so that's what I'm hoping that anyone who's listening to this will just get up and just do it I love it all right thank you so much