- If You Want to Make Money From YouTube, Do This (Case Study): Kind: captions Language: en A few years ago, my friend Jeff Sue decided while working at Google that he was going to start a YouTube channel. He made $98 in his first six months. And then a few years later, last year, he made $835,000 from his YouTube channel. The cool thing about Jeff's story is that he never planned to be an entrepreneur. He wasn't even intending to make money from YouTube. >> I never wanted to be entrepreneur. I'm extremely riskaverse. I thought I was just going to like die at Google. >> And yet, he was able to build such an incredible business doing it on the side of his full-time demanding corporate job. So, in this case study, we're going to break down Jeff's entire journey from like total noob on YouTube all the way to basically building a million-dollar business and how he was able to do all of that while still being a high performer at his job. Along the way, as we go through the journey, I'm going to be interjecting with my own thoughts on Jeff's story. So, hopefully this won't just feel like a podcast. It'll be a conversation with some actionable takeaways that you can apply to your life. Step one, find your itch and pick your vehicle. So, before we get into all of this, I asked Jeff to talk us through his revenue trajectory so you can see how the numbers changed over time. I actually prepared a spreadsheet in anticipation of this question, >> but I can walk you through the sort of high level first before we dive into the numbers. >> Perfect. >> When I first started YouTube, I literally did not know what the monetization strategy was. I was just like, "Oh, there's advertising on YouTube. I could just switch that on. I I'd make money, passive income for the rest of my life and not have to work like one minute longer than I have to, right?" Turns out that wasn't the case. It wasn't that easy. So, my by the end of my first year, um I my first ever YouTube video was uploaded on June 3rd, 2020. I remember that. And by the end of that year, so six months later, I made a whopping $98 through advertising, which was actually pretty impressive considering I didn't think I was going to monetize in the first like two years or something. Fast forward though, I would say the first thing I ever like sold is my PDF version of my resume that got me into Google. And I use air quotes because I actually shared it for free. And a month later after I shared it for free on Gumroad, I literally received an email saying I made $1,000. So I was like, must be a mistake or a scam. I log in and it's from donation. People have donated ranging from $1 to $20 even when they could have just downloaded for free. And that broke my mind. That was the first time I understood, oh, if I shared massive value for free online, people noticed and they sort of respect that and they reward you for it. So, fast forward up to now, I have more than like 40 templates on Gumroad, 90% of which are free. And it's people are still donating. It's it's it's amazing. Yeah. So, that's sort of the first taste of selling products that I experienced. >> Nice. In 2020, you made $98. In 2021, you made $52,000. 2023, we've got $449,000. And 2025, this year so far, $835,000. And you're on track to do about 900 by the end of the year. >> Something like that. Yeah, we'll see how this podcast goes. And >> And then, how much were you making at Google back when you worked there? >> I'm going to say the number, but I have to give a little bit of important context. I I I started off working at Google Hong Kong, and I took a 60% pay cut to work in Google China, like mainland China. And not only uh is that region the low one of the lowest paid I think globally for Google, but one of the highest tax brackets. So, for example, at Hong Kong, the tax cap wrapped um maxed out at around like 15%. But in like mainland China, that's like 35%. So, I want to just set some important context. By the time I left, I was at L5 and I was making my base salary, I believe, 60some thousand R&B per month. But that's not taking into account number one, the equity that has sort of um aggregated over the past nine years and the annual bonus. So, just for discussion sake, I'd say let's say 100k R&B all in every month by the time I quit. So, you're working working at Google and you're making around about $150,000 US a year. >> Yeah. >> But you're in mainland China, which is like super low paid. If you were in like San Francisco, for example, how much would you have been earning in the equivalent job at Google? >> 300 to $400,000. >> Now, quite a lot of people in my audience, certainly people who sign up to our lifestyle business academy, which is our online business school that helps people start businesses. Lots of y'all are sort in a similar sort of position where you might have one of these highpaying corporate jobs. And what I hear from y'all at my events and workshops and stuff is that you appreciate the fact that you have this stable and secure job, but really you get you have this itch of like really wanting freedom. You want freedom from the shackles of full-time employment. You want the freedom to live life on your own terms. And so I was curious and I asked Jeff to what extent did he resonate with that particular idea of like freedom? >> So I'll be very honest with you, Ali. I wish I could follow up on that and tell you that's exactly how I felt. That's exactly what I resonate with 100%. But I never had that plan. If I'm being very honest, I never wanted to be entrepreneur. I'm extremely riskaverse. I thought I was just going to like die at Google with some like a lot of, you know, stock options and, you know, having experienced free food and coffee for the last like 40 years, right? I thought I literally thought that was planned because I really enjoyed my time there. Really I enjoyed working the people. I watched that interview with Sahel, right, where you he was okay with dipping into one year savings. I was like, I'm not about that Chinese mentality. You should never dip into your savings until you know you're married or you know, you're you're buying a house. And it honestly just sort of happened because I fell in love with teaching. For context, at Google, we have something called or they had something called GTOG, Googler to Google workshops whereby anyone can raise their hand and be like, "Hey, I have a topic I want to talk about." And people want to sign up. I ran workshops for like, you know, inbox zero like email management, productivity workflows, and even health and fitness. Although not many people came to that for some for whatever reason. And I realized I really want to do that like forever basically. And I thought making videos would be a great way to scale that. And that's literally how I started making videos. I didn't think I was gonna quit one day. It was more like, oh, this is more scalable because people keep asking me for the same content. >> Okay. So, you didn't set out to make money. >> No, >> you set out to simply give back. >> Well, okay. So, that makes me sound really selfless. The selfish part of that is I like I I like the attention and I like the sound of my own voice and I like like being smarter than other people in that specific context if I'm being very honest. Yes, I always like I also like to teach. Yes. >> Now, by the way, if you are anything like me, you probably spend way too much time dealing with your email inbox, which is where the sponsor of this video comes in, Superhuman Mail. Superhuman Mail is an AI native inbox upgrade. I've been using it pretty much every day on my phone and also on my MacBook since like 2019. So, I've been a paying customer for the last like 7 years. And it is by far the fastest email experience I've ever used. They automatically label every email that comes in so you can see if it's a notification or if it's promotion or if it's something actually important. and it can automatically archive all of the low priority stuff like all of the marketing emails that you get. The autodraft feature is also really really really helpful. It can scan the contents of an email and then you can just ask it to draft a response in your voice and it gets 99% of the way there most of the time. And my favorite feature is the ask AI feature. So you can just like hit the question mark key and then you can ask the AI and it like will troll through everything in your inbox to basically find the answer to that question. Like if you want to find a frequent flyer number, instead of having to then use the search and then troll through all the emails and figure out where the thing is, you can just ask the AI and it's really good at getting you the right answer and then being able to reference the email that it got the answer from. You should totally upgrade your inbox with Superhuman Mail today and you can get one month completely for free with the link in the video description. So, thank you so much Superhuman Mail for sponsoring this video and let's get back to it. Why did you decide YouTube was the way to go back in 2020 rather than I mean at the time Tik Tok was a thing and that you could have done Instagram stuff, you could have started a blog, you could have started an email newsletter. Substack had just gotten started like you could have started a podcast or what was it about YouTube making YouTube videos that appealed at the time? >> So two reasons. Uh, the first one, at the risk of sounding like a brown-nosing like Ali Abdul fan, your videos back then came at a perfect time whereby when I started thinking about making these sort of content online, a lot of your videos back then in 2020 was talking about exactly your experience making YouTube videos. So, number one, I'm going to stop there because it just makes it sound like I'm like >> validation. I love it. It's great. >> Keep going. >> Yeah. So, so your videos basically had a step-by-step like blueprint on how to how to succeed on YouTube. And number two, I would say is because inherently I didn't want to sell anything. And I knew from watching your videos that YouTube just paid you sort of like an advertising like cut of their advertising revenue. So you didn't have to like hard pitch anything to make money. I knew I didn't have to be like, "Oh, you should come to my workshop, pay me, and then I'll deliver this." It was more like, "Okay, I'm going to make a video on this topic. If you want to watch, come watch, and I think I'll make some pocket change, and if you don't, that's totally cool." That was a vibe I was going for. >> Nice. So, you're going squarely with this is just a side hustle. I'm just doing this for the vibes. >> To be honest, that was kind of how I started as well. Um, I had no intention of leaving medicine. I was like, "Oh, my dream would be if I could work three days a week, right?" >> I was like, "Cool. I need £3,000 a month." And then I thought like I was selling courses in in like real life, teaching these workshops and like, "Oh, YouTube videos as a sort of lead generation mechanism. That seems kind of cool." And I remember like my first video that went viral was like how to study for exams. >> Yeah. And that was actually a workshop I did in real life like 5 years prior >> at university. I held a workshop on how to study for exams. And it was really fun and loads of people showed up and they loved it. And I was like a Facebook event back in the day back when people cared about Facebook events. >> And the the the response to that workshop stayed in my mind for like 5 years. >> Makes sense. >> And when I started my YouTube channel, I was like, at some point I want to make that video about how to study for exams cuz I think it's going to bang. Um, and so that was sort of like sort of from a from a similar place. I wasn't really expecting that it would become a full-time living. It was more like, hey, this is a vehicle for teaching. I'm already kind of selling these like classroom courses. Let me just sort of combine the love of teaching and then make some pocket money on the side. >> Right. Was it for med school? By I'm just curious. Was it like for med school applications or just studying in general? >> It was studying in general. Yeah. >> Oh, studying in general. >> Yeah. So I ran a workshop at at the university where which anyone could attend that was like evidence-based study tips on how to study for exams in general and there were people from all sorts of subjects there and so that was when I knew I had something I guess similar to you like >> you would have loved the GDG workshop program at Google like you would have just definitely shared a lot of what you learned. Yeah. >> So all the OG YouTubers who started out 2000 in the early 2010s if we think I Justine like Lionus if we think Marquez Brownley almost none of them started out because they wanted to make money. They started out because of the love for the craft. Yeah. Increasingly over time, um, people are starting YouTube channels and wanting to build these lifestyle businesses for the money. Um, do you have any friends, any experiences, any any data points you can point to of people who've sort of gone in with the money intention first rather than the teaching intention first, if that makes sense. >> I'm trying really hard to think. I can't think of anyone who has quote unquote succeeded so far. They're like doing it right now, but they haven't succeeded just yet, if that makes sense. Put simply, if you were to ask me today which path I would choose, I would still go with a creatorled or creative first sort of journey. The reason is because I feel it's more organic. To give you a very specific example, I mentioned just now that my first product was a free PDF version of my my resume, right? I uploaded that onto Gumroad to complement my resume video. I wanted viewers to have something next to them so they can reference as they watch my video to optimize their resume. I didn't expect them to donate. And after they donated, I got questions like, "Hey, do you mind if you share a Google Docs version that I can edit myself? I'd actually pay you for it." I was like, "Okay, it's the same thing, but okay, sure." And I charge like $4.99, $4.99 for it. And that was another incremental 1K a month in in revenue, right? I think with my personality, I would have found it very very difficult to start with a product idea and go with Suhel's path whereby he knew he was going to quit his job. He did user interviews. He did focus groups. He had alpha testing. He had beta testing. Gone through all those sort of challenges and roadblocks, right, of people saying, "Oh, this product sucks. How dare you ask me to try that?" Right? Like I have thin skin sort of. So that would have been difficult for me. And him having to reach out like he sent what 50 to 100 cold emails a day, right? For three months >> and cold calls. Although I come from a sales background, I would I still find it very very difficult to ask for for things um when I when I don't have like a lot of value to give. So that's that's my sort of perspective there. >> Interesting. Yeah. So I think your perspective is what most people in my audience would actually want. Like almost no one listening to this would be comfortable sending 50 to 100 DMs a day and facing facing the rejection. We have people who've paid to be in our program that are uncomfortable making their first post on LinkedIn because they're worried about what their colleagues will think. You know that kind of idea. So when people ask me for advice on this like how to make money on the internet thing, I broadly sketch out these two different paths. Uh there's the creator first approach and then there's the business first approach. The business first approach is what my friend Sahel took. Uh he's the founder of a an app called Fire Cut that made like a million dollars in annual recurring revenue within like 18 months. We have another case study with him on the channel that you might have seen. We'll link it down below if you want to check it out. But the business first approach is where you're like I want to create a product first, a business first and then I'll worry about building an audience second. So in my friend Sah's case, he built this product called FireCut, which is a you software that helps video editors save time using AI. He didn't particularly have a massive love for video editors or something. I mean, he dabbled with a little bit of video editing in his own time, but he built it because he saw a gap in the market and he recognized that actually he could build a product that could potentially add value to these people's lives and make a lot of money along the way. And then like 2 years into this journey, he and his wife have now started creating content on Instagram and on Twitter and stuff as a way of like getting leads to the business. This is sort of like the business first approach to making money on the internet. But then you have the creator first approach and the creator first approach is often taken by people who don't care that much about the uh the monetization side at least not initially. So Jeff is an example of someone who took the creator first approach. He started doing content because he liked the idea of teaching and over time he managed to build an audience of people who knew liked and trusted him and over time he was able to then turn it into a business by selling his PDFs and selling his programs and selling his like you know speaking gigs and all that kind of stuff. That was not the intention from day one. So the homework would be, and I'd love to hear it in a comment if you feel like leaving a comment. If, let's say, a university hired you to teach a lecture course about whatever you wanted, and you just knew that once a week you had to teach something around a certain theme, what would that theme be? What would you like the idea of teaching about? That might give you an idea. If you want to take this sort of educational creative first approach, that might give you an idea as to what that thing might be. >> I actually just got reminded of one of my friends who's on the flip side, like the business first. Do you mind if I share that experience? So for context, a total of 37 Googlers reached out to me while I was doing YouTube over the course of 5 years. If you don't mind, Alli, can you guess how many of those Googlers who are all extremely smart, extremely intelligent, many of them much smarter and more competent than me, very ambitious. How many took action after scheduling a one-on-one with me, asking for specific advice on how to start YouTube? >> Oh, okay. I would guess that seven of them made their first video and two of them made more than 10. Sorry, I'm just smirking because I obviously I know the answer. One person took action. >> One person >> 37 Googlers and the reason again reason I know because I just fil them in the Gmail, right? So 37 Googlers reach out to me. One person took action. The first action I took I told them to do was even simpler than what you expected like making the first video. Your product has already been discontinued, but I told them your first step is to take Ali's $1 course. Do you remember that? >> Yeah, we had a $1 course. >> Ali had a $1 course. It was like four hours of content about how to make your first YouTube video or something. It was $1. Literally a dollar. That's nothing to to to to most people, especially if you knew you wanted to do something, right? One person took that course. One person took that course. One. I didn't hear from the other 36 again. And Hearn right now, he has a respectable newsletter uh of over 5,000 subscribers. The reason why he was business first is because this might be TMI do he broke his leg and he couldn't do anything for six months. So in those six months, he wrote a book. It's called Taking This Offline. It's basically how to have an executive presence in the workplace. and be um tactical and smart about it, right? He wrote the book, he publish published himself and he was selling it for like 10 or $15 on Gumroad. No sales. I wonder why. Right? Because he had no distribution channel, no audience, none of that. So, actually, he he approached me after with the book. He was like, "Hey, I'm trying to sell this product. Like, what should I do?" I'm like, "I'll be honest. I don't know, but I think it would be much easier if you had people to sell it to." He was like, "So, what should I do?" I was like, um, since it's more like professional focused LinkedIn platform, you could start posting on there and, you know, add a link to to the book in in in your description or something and maybe start a newsletter because that's that's what I was doing. I'm trying to sell my products. He was like, "Cool." And that's what he did. And then after he started a newsletter, um, after I think two months, he he made his first sale. Yeah. And then he turned that book, he chopped that book up into lead magnets, free lead magnets to get people to sign up for newsletter and so on and so forth. So yeah, it was a virtual cycle after that. >> Okay, I'm so glad you brought this up. So why do you think >> one out of 37 people took action? Like uh what what was it about the other 36? These are smart people. They're very competent in the workplace. They're clearly succeeding in life. What is stopping them from doing the thing that they claimed to have wanted to stop? >> I'll be I I'll say this up front and then I'll share my thoughts. The short answer is I don't know. But I've thought about it a lot because I was pretty shocked that none of them got back to me. And one of one or two of them when I ran into them, I was like, "Oh, how's it going?" They're like, "Oh, I haven't really started yet." Right. I was I was pretty shocked because in my mind, I was I thought the only reason people would not do something if they wanted to is they don't know how to do it. For example, to your um uh going back to your workshop on how to study, right? All students want to be, you know, uh want to get A's. They want to get good grades. most of them probably don't know about specific tactics and that's why going to you going to your workshop they can learn it and they sort of execute theoretically 100% of those students should execute and just follow your you know studying tips right theoretically speaking um but I'm sure I'm sure 100% did not follow those tactics they they went and they went back and they didn't change anything so my hypothesis is that honestly the motivation for them to start didn't align with what they had to do I think it's about intrinsic extrinsic motivation at the end of the day and again I learned this from you. So for those of you who've never um come across this concept extrinsic motivation comes from outcomes you cannot control right for example views um that's controlled by YouTube algorithm audience and like say promotion at work because that's corporate politics and who likes who and all that fun stuff headcount budget all that fun stuff in extrinsic motivation versus intrinsic motivation whereby you it comes from outcomes you do control right how many videos I upload a week or a month or a year how many meetings I volunteer to share something um about that something I learned this week in the workplace, right? To to to establish presence, right? So, I think the 36 people, they wanted more of that in extrinsic validation like, oh, it would be nice to make money. It would be nice to make have views. It'll be nice to have something on the side. It'll be nice to quit one one like one day in the future versus I think the people who actually take action, they set the intrinsic goals. They're like, "Okay, not sure how this will turn out, but I'm going to commit to writing one newsletter a week for two years," which is what Hearn sort of did, right? So I think that to me that that's the biggest difference between those two groups. >> Yeah. I think Yeah. I think there's also something around like everyone wants the outcome, right? Like if you asked anyone, hey, would you like a multi6figure, seven figure business where you're just like able to talk about whatever you want and people would just buy your stuff and and you you would never have to be feel salesy. Like almost everyone would be like, "Oh hell yeah, sign me up." Um but similarly if you were if you were to ask most people hey would you like to be in like amazing health where you wake up every day feeling energized and like you know people sort of give you compliments at the beach about your six pack abs most dudes at least would be like yeah that sounds pretty good I would say that sounds pretty good and then I'm like and then if you're like okay well this is the process it involves to get there all of a sudden for the health example I'm like ah yeah you know the juice just doesn't seem worth the squeeze um I don't care about this enough to go through what seems to be a painful process. >> And I think for people starting YouTube channels or starting online businesses and stuff in your case and in my case, I get the imp like certainly for me, I actually enjoyed the process of making YouTube videos cuz I enjoy teaching. >> Uh if I didn't enjoy the process of making YouTube videos, there's no freaking way I'd have made 90 videos before anything took off or like, you know, grinded out for a whole year to make $8 or like whatever the thing is. Um and I think I think a lot of people come in with that outcome in mind but then realize the process is really painful and they don't want to do the process anymore which I think is also fine like yeah >> yeah and there are parts of the process both of us don't like that much right for example let's say the video editing it initially especially in the beginning it was it was very tedious but you know it was part of the sharing and teaching process so it was okay like overall it was a it was it was a win for us yeah >> so of the 37 googers that asked Jeff about this thing one of them took action would you like to be one of the one or would you like to be one of the 36 up to you. Anyway, let's now move on to step number two, which is to lock in and to pay the price. So, at this point, it's mid 2020. Jeff has uploaded his first couple of YouTube videos. He's doing this YouTube thing. And then I asked him what his life looked like for the next 2 years, and this is what he said. >> Because you've like actually held on to the job for the last like 5 years. So, yeah. >> Um, a lot of people will say like, "Oh, but like I really want to do X, but I've got a full-time job. I've got like things I don't have time. If I do have time, I don't have energy. If I do have energy, I don't have focus." ah dot dot dot dot dot dot and then people think man do I have to like quit my job to start something else but you were sort of like maintaining the side hustle for years before you just recently quit. >> Yeah. So I think for context I followed your premise of upload one video a week for two years >> and your life will change. So that was my goal from the outset. It was just going to be two years. It wasn't going to be five. It was going to be seven. It wasn't going to be three. It was just two years. Right? So I quote unquote what the young kids these days would call locked in for those two years whereby every day I'd be the first person in the office. I'd arrive like 6:30, 7 am in the morning. And the reason I arrived that early was because I knew no one else would be in the office to bother me with stuff. So from 7:00 to 8 I would review like the upcoming day and the next few days of like workload and plan around that. And this is called my review session. I have three review sessions every day to make sure nothing slipped to the crack. So 7 to 8 like review what I have to do for the upcoming day. 8 to 8:30 breakfast 8:30 8:40 after like coffee to 11:45 would be work. The reason I say 11:45 because 11:30 is when lunch started in the office and I didn't want to waste time waiting in line. So if you went at 11:45 you could just get the food and go back to your desk or eat with eat really quickly and get back to work. Right? So 11:45 to 12:30 lunch 12:30 all the way to 5 would be Google work. And I got to leave at 5 because I got there at 6:30 7 a.m. Right? Five to six gym because for me actually the number one thing that matters in my life is health for sure. Like my mom said there's no point having money if you're sick. So uh 5 to 6 gym 6:00 to 6:30 dinner and then from 6:30 to 11 or sometimes 12:00 to 1 just be working on YouTube. >> Nice. >> Weekends 8 to 8 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. >> Nice. I love that. >> For two years. Yeah. >> Fantastic. That is music to my ears. I love it. >> It sucked back then though. >> I love it. Um that's so good. Um, I think people really underestimate the amount of time you have to give to something for it to work. I was I was listening to um James Clear on DR CEO while I was on a run yesterday and they were talking about this like four burners theory. There's like >> four burners there sort of like you've got this these four burners on the stove and you know one of them is like career, one of them is health, one of them is like uh family, one of them is friends. I think side hustle would be like a fifth burner and at the most only two of them can be burning at full blast at any given time. And if you want all of them to be burning, like you have to you got to like it's just like life is a series of trade-offs. >> Um >> Scott Galloway, right? Like you can have it all but not the same not all everything at once basically. >> Yeah. Exactly. And this is something that I've I've heard from a lot of women in the workplace as well that like this the this idea that like yes, you can have the family and you can do the work thing. It's just difficult to do at the same time unless you're going to give up other things in your life. And so it sounds like in your case you were you were taking care of your health with your 1 hour of dip. you're maintaining good progress at the corporate job, but then all of the rest of your time seemingly was focused on the YouTube thing. >> I want to be very mindful of how I describe this because in the end, it pays off. And I'm not trying to promote this lifestyle, if that makes sense, right? It it really has to everyone has their own personal preferences and choices, but for me, it was extremely painful. And we can talk about this later, but I you I used to party a lot. I used to go out a lot. Uh grow up in Hong Kong. I started going out when I was 14. Ali 14 years old. >> 14. Bloody hell. Hey, I was playing World of Warcraft when I was working. >> I I was gaming, too. I was playing Warcraft Warcraft 3 Theater Frozen Throne, but I was also going out. Funny story, one of the nights I literally couldn't go back home because after drinking, I didn't want my parents to know I was drinking. I slept in an internet cafe. I was I was gaming until 6 a.m. and then went back home. >> Nice, man. Living the dream. >> The dream. I love it. >> Yeah. But I had to give all that up for two years. And that's why I started off saying I only I was only committed two years. for two years. I I I I went out maybe once a quarter and there was never a moment where a friend was like, "Hey, can we get dinner next Friday?" I was like, "No, we have to like we have to I have to schedule one month in advance." Because if I got dinner with you, then the video, you know, I have to upload one video a week. Then I couldn't do the video, but I committed to video. So, you know, I have to plan around that. There were literally times whereby to make a wedding or big event, I had to frontload two videos in a week and basically not sleep. and then to go to the wedding, right? It was it was crazy crazy like that. And the worst part was I would say um this might be TMI. I'm usually a very happy optimistic person. I would say I lost like I would say 70% of my friends during that time because people just stop inviting me to stuff. And the worst part of that was that it was my problem, not theirs. Like for example, if a girl rejected me, I'd be like, I don't like her anyways, right? She's not even pretty. Or like if I didn't get the promotions, oh, it's a manager's fault, right? It's not me. You could also sort of blame someone but in but not being invited to events because you yourself said no three to five times already that's just on you. You you cannot reasonably blame anyone because you would I would not do it if someone said no to bought Ali five times in a row. I was like nope nope no no no I'm not going to invite the sixth time. Right. Well maybe maybe but you get you are you get where I'm going with this. So it it was particularly difficult because I knew it was I had to live with the consequences of my decisions. Um, looking back it worked out. Like a lot of them, a lot of my current friends would tell me they were like party friends anyways. It doesn't matter. But I would say at that moment it was really really hard um on on on me. Yeah. >> Was it worth it? >> Yeah. Yes, for sure. Of course it was worth it because at the end of the day my motivation to do this for the past five years was okay, do I want to trade my five years of utility, happy, pleasure for 50 years of freedom? Right? because we both have heard stories about parents who had to miss important milestones of their kids um because they had to work and provide for the family, right? It's like, "Oh, I'm so sorry I can't make it to your soccer football, sorry, football practice or football game rather because daddy has to go um go to a conference or something along those lines, right? I I want the opportunity to ignore my kids myself." No, I want the opportunity to to to be there for them if I if I chose if I wanted to be. So the looking back it was obviously the right choice but in that moment it was difficult. >> So it's like you're you're choosing to pay the cost right now rather than in the future >> because I think mo what most people forget that it's a very virtuous flywheel and the growth comes exponentially but it's not like oh you give it five years for like five years of good good stuff and then you have to give it five years again. That's not how it works. It's more like you give it five years and for the next like decade, two decades, three decades it just keeps getting easier and easier because you already know what to expect. So that's how I think about it. >> So Jeff traded two years of his social life for what will hopefully be, you know, a couple of decades worth of freedom. And along the way, he says he lost 70% of his friends and he had to say no to almost everything in his life. You might be interested to know what was the real deep dark motivation underneath this that made him want to do this grind. Uh and we talk about that a little bit later on in the video. So that will be coming up in step number seven, I think. Okay. So you're grinding it out for these two years, spending a ton of time. To what extent, like we we talked about the friends piece, but to what extent did it feel like a grind versus feel like actually you were having fun because you're working on this thing that's like quite exhilarating and it's Yeah. >> Ah, I have actually a very interesting perspective on this because it it it's happening to me recently. So during that period of time, I didn't even have time to think whether or not I was grinding because everything was so sort of set in stone, so to speak, because I knew what I had to do every single day. >> So for the first two years, that was my life. I didn't overthink it. So, I would say actually this is one of my fair unfair advantages. This is sort of how I'm built. Once I commit to something, I just don't renegotiate with myself and I don't follow basketball. But I saw this clip from Kobe Bryant where he was saying how, and I'm going to butcher the terminology, so people in the comments are probably going to call it out. But long story short, for basketball players like him, um, during the off season or something, they have a summer training sessions. So, they have to like the three months where they just train, right? And apparently what Kobe Bryant did was he would sign a contract with himself saying, "I'm going to train 12 hours a day and this is going to be my training plan." And once that's signed, he cannot renegotiate with himself. He just can't change anything. So he just has to do it. So he doesn't think he just does it, right? And so to answer the first part of your question, I would say for the first two years, that was like my mindset. I'm like, "Okay, I'm just going to do the thing and we'll figure it out after." Funnily enough, it's not until after I quit Google where I was like, "Oh, I've quote unquote made it. I quit and I'm I have some sort of financial security. I can do what I want. When that question came into play like oh what what do I what do I do now? Like do I do I do I continue doing this? Like how does my day look? Like suddenly at all these free hours do I go out? Do I go clubbing? Do I you know do I go out and party and make up for those lost time? That doesn't sound right. I should keep growing. So that was actually when I became a bit more confused and lost. It was after I quit, not during the time. Yeah. >> Yeah. Same for me. I remember distinctly like sort of even from one day to the next like you know the week the my final week of working as a doctor it was during the pandemic I had shifts on all the time and we released and we filmed three videos that week. >> Oh wow. >> The week I left medicine cuz I was going to go to Australia for emergency medicine etc etc and they closed their borders but the week I was unemployed I filmed nothing. I was like oh I've got the whole day like what do I do? And I found that for me the negotiation, the renegotiation of the contract started when I quit the job and when my only thing was like, okay, well, I can't I can do whatever I want. So, like, what the hell do I want to do? Whereas, when you've got a job and you're just sort of squeezing it in because you've got to pump out those one or two videos a week, like that, it's a it's an additional full-time job to figure out how to pump out these extra one or two videos a week consistently while juggling everything and everything else in life, which doesn't leave a lot of room for, >> hm, am I really enjoying this? Is this really my purpose? Is this my mission? I don't really want to be doing this. It's like no. And especially when you're on a wave and you're riding the wave of like, okay, things are working. >> Like um growth can mask a lot of kind of misalignment sometimes where it's like when the numbers are going up, you just don't think too hard about it. >> It's when the numbers stop going up or when you have a lot of free time that you start to think like h what should I do? What's going on? So, now we move on to step three, which is to suck less with each rep. But before we go there, I wanted to ask Jeff the thorny question that's in a lot of people's minds, which is, what if you try this and it doesn't work out? There was a a lovely young lady who came to one of our events when I was in London um a few months ago, >> and she had taken our YouTube course a few years ago and also swore by that, you know, I'm going to going to stay consistent for two years, and it's going to change my life. >> And in those two years, she'd made 300 something videos. They were all vlogs of like her life in London >> and she had 700 subscribers and was not yet monetized. >> At what point do you cut your losses? At what point do you decide like things need to change? Like how Yeah, my answer is twofold. I would say first one of my friends in China because uh China has a different sort of creator ecosystem. Devongu like Little Red Book and Billy Billy. And I've actually also seen creators who stayed consistent and might not have gained traction on on the Chinese sort of uh social media platforms. I used to tell them as long as you upload one video a week for two years, you're going to succeed. But after analyzing their performance, I realized I missed a crucial part. You have to upload a video every week for two years. That's a given. But you have to suck less with each video. >> You have to make at least a 1% improvement. And looking back, I did that, but I didn't really internalize. I didn't know what I was like I was doing that. For example, my first video was absolute dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I spent 40 hours on it. It was absolutely terrible. No one watched it. Makes sense. I was like, "Oh, it's because my lighting sucks." So, I changed the light. That's the only thing I changed in the second video. It still sucked. And then I was like, "Oh, actually the color scheme is kind of all over the place." Like orange, yellow, red, and blue. Uh, let's stick with one. And then I made the color scheme change. And then I made a I got better audio. So on and so forth. And this leads to the second part of my answer. The student that two spoke with you and my creator friends. It seems like the the the student needed to find a painful problem to solve. Like at some point, yes, you get good at making videos, but you might not be making content and making videos people need or want. And I think that's going to be the crossroads in which you have to make a decision whether to cut your losses because let's say let's say the student realizes, oh, my vlogs are not going to take off. I have to pivot to let's say how to be a better real estate agent. Sorry, I'm just making this up. Right? At that point, she has to ask herself, do I really want to talk about this for like two, three years? Do I really want to go all out? Am I passion? I I'm good at this. Sure. But do I really want to do this? Right? If the answer is no, maybe, you know, sticking with a more full-time thing that brings you better utility is is better. But if the answer is yeah, it's like not bad. I I could see myself doing this, then you would just pivot. I think the pivot I was missing the pivot >> part uh when I was telling people, hey, if you just upload one of your two years, you'll you'll win at life. That was what I was uh missing. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. I've seen this pattern play out quite a lot as well. Um, sometimes I'll see comments on my videos from someone with like a like a a username that's like a jumble of characters and they'll say, "Ali, I've been making YouTube videos for 2 years and nothing's happening." And I'm like, "Huh?" I look at their channel and all of the videos for the last 2 years. They're random topics. They don't have their face. They're like 3 minutes long. They're throwing spaghetti at the wall using whiteboard animation software and now AI animation software, voiceovers that are clearly AI generated and missing the crucial like strategy component of like >> yeah sure you can you can just make YouTube videos >> just like anyone can publish a book and stick it on Amazon but like ultimately >> people need to pay for your videos. If they're not paying with their money, they're paying with their time and attention which is in many ways more valuable than their money. So like what is the thing? And if you were starting YouTube today, would you think about niche from day one or would you throw spaghetti at the wall in terms of making some videos or like Yeah. >> So, I like this question because I I think I have a good answer. Uh, and it's it's something I've told other people, other budding creators who've asked me like, "Hey, Jeff, like what would you literally what would you do if you started today?" Right? I'll be like, "Copy. Find someone to copy." I think I I've I've told you this a few times before. I tried my best to copy your style when I started. I tried my best. I couldn't do it because I'm not you, right? Like I I could try be like, "Okay, what's the font all he's using? What's the color? What are the packs that he's using in like Final Cut Pro? I took a Skillshare course. I'm going to use everything he he said in that course. I'm just going to make the same video." Not even close to being the same video, right? And and I have this saved in my Google uh photos albums. It wasn't until a year in someone was like, "Oh, this guy's like the Asian Ali Abdal. I have that like to this day." I was so happy to see that, but I was like, "It took me a It took someone a year to figure that out that was trying to figure like copy you." like, "Wow, I did a terrible job in copying you." Right? So, the point I'm trying to make here is if you're starting today, find someone you respect and copy the crap out of them. And people are like, "Oh, no, that's plagiarism." Well, no. Unless you're literally taking the vid downloading their videos and uploading onto your channel, there's no way you could possibly copy them. Well, >> because you're you don't have the experience. You haven't put in the reps yet, right? But you have an image of what good looks like. So, you know, you have like what the gap is. And if you allow me to be a nerd here, Ally, that's exactly why context and engineer is so important for AI, right? It's so much better to give AI like an example of a good output, for example, a YouTube video script than say write me a good YouTube video script in this in tone of voice of Ali Abdul Jeff Sue, right? If you could get the script, it it's going to be much closer. Exact same way. So, in a nutshell, what I would tell people is find someone you respect right now in whatever social media platform um they're on. Study them, copy them. At some point along your journey, you are going to find your own brand and your own voice and it'll just come naturally come out. You're not going to have to force it because you'll realize, oh, I I I I disagree with Ali and Jeff here. This is this is my point of view. >> It's just going to come naturally. >> Yeah, mate. Completely agree. When I started in 2017, I was trying to be Peter McKinnon. So when I was doing like my I would watch his Lightroom tutorials and I was like man I just love how >> the camera switches seamlessly between like the screen share and the thing and so and how he's like so like vibrant about it. So then when I was doing videos about like this is how you how you how you prepare for BMAT section one I was trying to channel Peter McKinnon and just clearly failing at it. And then similarly when I started doing vlogs of life as a medical student I was watching every single Peter McKinnon freaking video to be like how does he do it? Okay when he's uploading his SD card he's like he's like naming the cameras. So I only had one camera. So I was like Sony a6400 whereas he's got like 7D Mark II blah blah blah blah blah blah drone etc. And I was like I'm going to copy me with Peter McKinnon. I started editing in Premiere because that's what he was using. Started I downloaded all his color grades for Lightroom. That was my Instagram profile back in the day and trying to be like oh man >> this lens is really expensive. Oh but he uses like a 50mm prime for his B-roll. Oh okay fine. I'm going to save up and get that 50 m cuz that's what's going to make my B- roll. I'll be carrying two lenses. one for the A- roll like 16 millimeter cuz that's what Peter McKinnon does and then a freaking like 50 mm for the B-roll. Try to do the cinematic things back in the day. He was doing the thing where it changes the aspect ratio to 16 by9 by adding the black bars like fading those in. I was like making it cinematic, right? >> Yeah. Making it cinematic was like a cinematic B-roll. Never has anyone ever said, "Man, you're like Peter McKinnon but for nerds or whatever." And I'm like, "God damn it." That was that's what I was trying so hard to go for. But in the process of trying to do that, like my own kind of voice emerged. >> This is going to be the first mean comment, Ali. And I I say this with love. you know, I love you, but you were not even close. There was never a moment cuz I watch his videos, too. I would I would say I there was no correlation or like, you know, connection. There was not a second when I watch your videos, I was like, "Oh, that reminds me of Peter McKinnon's video." I love you, but yeah. No, I'd say that that would be one of your few failures. Yes. Yeah. No. >> Yeah. What can you do? There's still hope. There's still time. I can still try and be >> tell yourself that, but yeah. >> So, all of this maps onto a framework that we teach our YouTuber academy students a lot, which is step one is get going. Step two is get good. And then step three is get smart. And a lot of people get really stuck on like figuring out the question of like what's my niche before they've even made a handful of videos. It's like our whole thing that we try and teach people is like just make the videos first. It's okay that you will feel like you suck at them. You got to embrace the suck because you can't really learn any skills. You can't grow while also being afraid to suck at the thing. Right? So you just make shitty videos. You try and imitate other people in the space. And in the process of imitating those other people in the space, your skills at making videos will improve naturally. You'll develop your own authentic voice and then as Jeff worked out, you start to suck less with each rep. And then in stage three, get smart. You'll hopefully if if the content is resonating with people, you'll find that people are naturally asking you for the products that you can then create. You don't have to do it in a way that feels salesy. And so your action point from this, if you are interested in building a creator business like mine or Jeff's for example, is figure out who are some of the creators that you look up to and how can you try your best to imitate their style. And regardless of whether you succeed or not, the point is you'll at least have a model to aim for. And each time you do a video or content or whatever, you'll get closer to that model. And then in the process, you'll develop your own authentic voice. So now we move on to step number four, which is to build the machine. Now, at this point, it's 2023. Jeff has made like 150 YouTube videos, and he's got a little bit of a machine, a system behind it. And in this segment of the video, we're going to dive deep into the system that Jeff built to try and well systemize the production of YouTube videos. This is a fairly long aspect of the video. We were thinking of cutting it out, but then realized actually it's more valuable if we keep it in because so few people actually show you the behind the scenes of like what's literally happening on their computer screen as they're making the content. If you don't care, you can always skip to the next time stamp, but we're going to dive deep into Jeff's machine for YouTube content creation. >> I think one of the biggest differences between us, Ali, you excel at like what I call off-the-cuff improvisation, if that makes sense. Because if I remember correctly, if you haven't changed your workflow, you sort of have a rough structure of every video and you're able to sort of riff off that and speak extremely articulately. I am not that. So, I would I would I would say even with this uh with this episode where I have fully prepped, if viewers put us side by side, they're going to be like, "Oh, Jeff sort of stutters a little bit. He's he's I sort of get what he's saying, but he's not very articulate or focused with his phrasing or words or whatever." That's one of my I think biggest issues. The reason I'm saying this is because for all of my videos, I have like every word scripted out. >> Every single word. I I could share some of the scripts with you. Every single word. And I just I just literally memorize it, say it, screw up, cut, memorize it again, say it, and just keeps going. And so everyone thinks, "Oh my god, Jeff speaks flawlessly." Not even close. >> Can we have a look at one of your scripts? Like what is it? >> Pull. Let me pull out the latest one. >> Great. >> Master Gemini 3.0. By the way, the Gemini 3 is doing great. I'm not just saying that because I used to work UDA is is a very solid uh solid solid update. Do you see like everything on the left side? This is every single word. For example, JAMA 3.0 is a fantastic model, but the sheer volume of updates is honestly overwhelming and not every new feature deserves your attention. That's literally how I sound in the video. >> Can you So imagine you were talking to that camera or like what does the process look like of you like reading look at >> Oh yeah, sure. So let's say I'm looking at that camera. I'm like Gemini 3.0 is a fantastic model but the sh is honestly over. Okay. Gemini 3.0. Okay. Gemini 3 is a fantastic model but not every new okay but the sheer volume of updates honestly over but the sheer Gemini 3.0 is a fantastic model but the sheer volume of updates honestly over okay Gemini 3.0 is Gemini 3.0 is a fantastic model but the sheer volume of updates is honestly overwhelming and not every new feature deserves your attention like that that's how it looks. Yeah. And then it keeps it keeps going. So, it takes me roughly an hour to film every single video. And on the right, it's the instructions for my editor. Like, I know it's it's completely different than how you do it. Like, but that's Yeah, that's my workflow. I think it's a lot, >> mate. This is so interesting. This is why you're crushing it and I'm not anymore. >> No, no. >> The amount of effort that goes into this is insane >> cuz especially I think for AI content, if I don't use the right terminology or explain it in a visual way, it doesn't work. Another one of my unfair advantages is I'm really able to visualize complex topics in a very easy to understand way. I give me give you a very specific example. I mean I'm preaching to a choir here Ali because I sort of learned this from you. If I told you right now Gemini 3 has a much larger context window than Claude, you'd be like okay I understand that intellectually so what? >> But I'm like oh if you think about Gemini 3's context window as a big box to store information. It's a massive boxing to store your entire apartments of furniture in there. Claude can only store one chair. You'd be like, "Oh, okay. That makes sense." And I'm assuming the furniture is like information and data. Like, yeah, Gemini can process all that all at once, whereas Claude can just process one chair. >> What does the process of writing one of these like word for word scripts look like? >> Ooh, this is really fun because now it's empowered by AI. >> I used to have to spend 10 hours writing a mediocre script. Now with AI, I use 10 hours and write I think a much better script objectively speaking than my previous scripts. So I could I could walk you through the workflow. Okay. Sure. >> So do you see on the right hand side here my new video template is followed by 8.0. >> It means I've gone through it eight iterations of a new video template in notion over the past five years like continuous iteration. Right? Because previously it was not not good then it got better it sucked less blah blah blah and now it's 8.0. All right. So the first thing I always do after filling in the properties up here obviously is to capture as much information as possible about the video when I first had the idea because again you know much better than me information our brains are for having ideas not storing them right and I have ideas in the weirdest places running working out like in a team meeting at Google right have this idea I capture it on let's say to-d doist right away and then I immediately move that over here so that it can be wait to be processed so I don't forget about it right so I might come back to this capture information two, three, four weeks later and I'll be like, "Oh, this is what I want." Now, here's what I think most people don't get wrong about making, in my opinion, the creative process and making consistently good YouTube videos. 80% of my success, I would say, comes from the checklist on the right here. Like, if you look, you know, the thing on the left, like don't look at the left, like if you just look at the checklist here, I would say that's 80% of my success because I follow this every single video for 195 videos. M >> and people are like, "No way. Aren't creative supposed to have this viral idea and you just go with it. You you publish it and you're like suddenly like famous. That might work once or twice, but to have consistently viral good ideas, it's literally checkbox by checkbox by checkbox." >> Yeah. Nice. And the reason I'm bringing this up in the first place, if you see this link right here, Ali, is my it's a link to my pre-production prompts for YouTube where I have a set of AI enabled workflows and prompts that help me I draft better outlines, um, come up with a better hook, uh, brainstorm better titles and, uh, thumbnails, and I literally just follow this every single time. So, it says right here, use GBT articulate on rough thoughts. What does that mean? So, remember how just now I said I'm not very good at articulating some concepts? I'm like, "Oh, maybe like for example, different AI models are all getting better and they're like catching up to each other and so it doesn't really matter which AI model you pick." That sounds very vague, right? Okay. So, uh GBT art uh GBT articulate. So, once I type in that last um letter, >> it expands to a fully fledged articulation prompt, right? So, I've optimized this over like last two years. >> And then I paste my raw thoughts here. Uh AI models are all getting better. So, it doesn't really matter which one you pick. We're going to let that run, but and and come back to the we'll come back to this in like a minute. But I repeat that process for every single stage of the YouTube production process. I have production prompts for YouTube. I have post-production prompts. Post production prompts for YouTube. So, pre-production prompts, follow all this. One, two, three, four, five. Production prompts. One, two, three, four, five. post-production ROMs. One, two, three, four, five. >> And that helps me produce consistently clear and concise YouTube scripts. >> Okay, mate. I love this. This is sort of like what we do, but like on steroids, cuz we've got like video template V4, which is V4 is really more like V16 because we've just been iterating over it through time, >> right? >> And we have periods of time where I I get very bullish on the checklist. I'm like, okay, we're just following a series of actions. And then stuff slips and then I stop bothering with the checklist. The team stops bothering with the checklist. We've got the checklist but no one like clicks on any of the items of the checklist. And and I was looking at the checklist yesterday. I was like, "Huh, this is actually a pretty good checklist. Man, we should go through this more often kind of thing." And seeing like your checklist, I'm like, "Ah, that's it." >> Being a magic consultant for two years and being a goof for nine years really hammered that home in me. Um, don't get me wrong, I'll be the first person to list all the issues Google has as a company for sure, but they do a lot of things right and one of which is, okay, we're going to give you a really, really structured process to follow in your job. You will have flexibility for sure, especially back then, we had a lot more autonomy, but this is like what good looks like. Follow this framework and you'll achieve like this sort of outcome. So, that's I I learned that from being a being a consultant and working at Google. Uh it's the same in medicine to be honest like surgical safety checklists and all that kind of stuff that like hey we follow the same checklist for every procedure and yes of course then there's like the skill of the operator and stuff but like ideally you want to minimize the amount the skill of the operator makes on the outcome of the patient because then you're so dependent on that person having a good day and so the more you can systemize an SOP if I turn into a checklist the more the healthare system as a whole is delivering outcomes rather than any individual contributor. >> Oh yeah I mean let me be very specific here. I physically cannot move do okay let me uncheck this so you can read it better so the last task here is proceed after the title and thumbnail have been confirmed that is as clear as it gets right you did the thumbnail is the thumbnail thumbnail confirmed no I cannot proceed and this is the thumbnail and title sort of stage so I have to be happy with how this looks first final thumbnail I use the pre-production prompts to think through what the title uh should be like using creative hooks frameworks and then um brainstorming thumbnail ideas okay proceed okay Now, ah, I'm okay scripting. So, I need to find out a hook first because hook is more important than the script outline. Oh, how do I write a great hook? These are the three things I need to remember. And then I have that in my pre-production prompts as well. And then it just goes from there. And literally, as you go all the way down, I've not published this video yet. It will be published on Tuesday, this upcoming Tuesday, but post-production hasn't happened. So, none of this has checked. Just I want to be very clear. It's not that I forgot, but you know, that hasn't been published yet, >> mate. I love it. How long does it take to prepare each video before you film it? >> I'll say every video takes around 20 hours. >> Okay. >> For me to produce from end to end. >> Great. And what's the split of that process in pre-production, filming, production, post-production? >> 8 to 10 hours of scripting. >> Uh and when I say scripting, I'm talking about all the pre-production task from ideation to title, thumbnail to uh thinking through the outline of the script and like writing the script. >> Previously, when I was editing my videos, it took another 8 to 10 hours to edit it. Now it takes around four to five hours. You might be like four to five hours because especially for AI content I need to explain to the editor or brief the editor how I want the motion graphics to look like >> to make sure people really understand right um so so I need to leave a lot of instructions and guess oh I can even show you this. This is gonna surprise you, I think, Ali. Uh because I don't think this I don't think this is normal, but I I in order to make it easier for me to explain to the video editor what I want, I literally have a Canva design with and mockup screenshots for them to create. >> And if you watch some of my videos, >> whoa, these seem very familiar given that I've seen your videos. >> Yeah, >> nice. >> Um the idea is if you have a system, for example, this graph, right? With a system, effort goes down over time. with our system is >> it's like our YouTube process. You've got a system so effort goes down over time. We don't have a system so or rather we have a system but we don't follow it and therefore it stays difficult. >> Right. >> And in this particular instance if I didn't show the editor a screenshot he or she may not understand exactly how to convey the concept or the topic. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. So so so this is why it takes me four to five hours to still brief editor. I still have to come up with instructions uh review the first draft and then we're good to go. But I have a fantastic uh guy working with me. So, it it's just gotten easier and easier over time. >> And so, if you're so as you're going through the script, if you're adding in like B-roll instructions, if so, it's you're thinking, okay, this would benefit from a visualization. Hm. >> Okay, let me just draw it out in Canva. >> Exactly. Or now I can use Excaliraw. I haven't really used this uh that much. You can see I've only done a couple things here, but now I realize maybe it's easier with Excali Draw. I'm testing that out now, too. Yeah, >> that's really cool. So, you got 8 to 10 hours actually writing the script, going through all the tasks, the pre-production tasks, etc. And then it takes you an hour to film the video because you're doing the back and forth, all of that kind of stuff. Then you send the footage to the editor. >> Four to five hours of uh briefing editor uh reviewing just one draft and like having it ready to be published. >> Nice. To what extent do you enjoy this process? >> I have to say getting started every single time is the hardest part, but once I get in the flow and zone, I find myself loving it. Yeah. So >> the hardest part is always be like, okay, what's the angle for this video? Because that that's the part you really need to like >> bunker down and think. Yeah. >> You know, it's like what's my point of view on this? I can't I I don't think I agree with what everyone else is saying. Like what is my point of view? And that I'm just sitting there for like a good 30 to 60 minutes just like thinking, doodling, like being distracted. That that's the hardest part. >> But once I have a like crystal concept, for example, this one, Gemini theory has generally a lot of hype, but for good reason. And for good reason. The update is significant, but there's a lot of noise. So, can I answer the question, how can non-technical knowledge workers best utilize Ja 3.0, right? Like practical advice. Once I figure that out, that's the video. I really, really like testing out all the use cases and doing the thing. I'm be like, "Oh, does this work?" For example, oh, this is the proudest uh this is the proudest step from this video, Ali, and I'm leaking it to you first. John theory has gotten so good that it can take everything in Google Drive, Google Calendar, Gmail to do stuff for you. If you were working at a company, one a corporate company, one of the most tedious things is performance reviews. It is boring. It is useless, but necessary to get promoted and get a raise and all that stuff. And usually it takes people weeks because they put it off. Now you can and I'll do it in real time at workspace go through my entire uh go through everything you know about me and write a performance review uh for the past six months. Pay attention to targets and attainments and quantifiable attainments and we'll come back to this. It's going to work for quite a few minutes. It will give give you a finished performance review with all accurate information because it has access to everything, >> So, so, so, so when I found this out, when I tested I found this out, I the high I got was I was really, really, really happy because it it's really practical and people can really use this. That's a lot of effort on every single video. Wow. Wow. Reminding me when I had the conversation with Mr. Who's the Boss and he was like, yeah, he spends 40 to 60 hours writing the script for every single video. Yeah, that's that's crazy. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I saw I watched that episode. That's that's that's a lot. Yeah, he's a sort of person who can't who cannot do that. >> Yeah, his personality is very like >> detail oriented and that's why the videos are so good. >> So, what I'm really taking away from this is that like and you know this has sort of been the whole thesis of our YouTube academy for the last 5 years as well, which is that uh it's really really hard if you don't have a system. Um, like if you're having to think of one video idea every single time and then you publish the video and now you're thinking about the new video idea, then life becomes hard. But if you have a system for capturing ideas, if you have a system for like generating titles and thumbnails that are broadly in a house style rather than having to reinvent the wheel for each one, if you have some sort of system that you're following to like script your hooks or script your videos and do the talking points of the video, some sort of post-production system, just some kind of system takes quite a lot of the heavy lifting off your plate and it means that like your thing gets better over time. uh even though you're still putting out the same amount of output. >> For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And >> yeah. >> And again, I'm preaching the choir here, but just for everyone else, it just takes the mental or decision fatigue out of the equation because you know exactly where you're doing next. No. >> Sick. This is amazing stuff. Um anything else you given that this is a show and tell? Um any other thing? >> Oh, so yeah. So, so there we go. It's it's it's done. And obviously this is for my business, but literally it's able to like like pull everything out and write a very very comprehensive and accurate more importantly accurate sort of report. >> Uh the one other thing I would bring up is for example this is my command center right and in tune with not having to worry about decision fatigue like my new like >> it's all about systems. I manage my life system. I click new day and this is literally everything I need to do today. >> I don't have to think. I just I just do it right. review the calendar, figure that out. I have to wish people happy birthday. It's on there. I read all the comments from social media. So, social media down here. I read all the comments, reply, so on and so forth. Like today, my priority is oh, prepare for Ali's episode. Like, you know, before I do the other thing. So, in line with sort of like having systems, I think that's that's another thing I want I wanted to share nice up. >> What's the make time bit Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday? >> Oh, this is something silly. Uh, probably not relevant to you, but I read make time after you recommended it. One of my favorite books in the world. And one of their things, as you might recall, is >> Yeah. Highlight. Yeah. GHL highlight. GHL is what I would put in my physical journal. >> There you go. Yeah. So, like I'm grateful for like Ali. I I didn't plan this by the way. I was like, "Oh, it' be nice to be grateful to be invited, you know, to film something." And then like for example, let go. And what I mean by this is I was actually kind of worried because most my content is very educational and I don't have that much opportunity to share the personal side of myself. And I think a lot of people have a false impression like, "Oh, Jeff is this really kind, generous, smart person." when in reality not really you know um so I was a little bit anxious I think to share that side of myself and I wrote here I get to share a side of myself my viewers haven't really seen so to >> to position in a more positive you know light I get to do this versus I have to do it >> sick do you have a system for like time blocking on your calendar like how do you how do you organize your calendar >> oh yeah um I prepared this in in anticipation for this sort of interview I mocked up something that would look like my schedule back when I was at Google. >> Obviously, there's not much that much open space. I didn't want to like just fill it with random stuff. But the key thing I want to highlight was like my my my review sessions >> um in blue. And I think 99% of people don't do this. And this is probably the biggest reason why things slip through the cracks. It's all good and fine for us, me and you, to tell people you need to capture everything immediately. You have to store in you have to make the capture process seamless, right? You have to assign due dates to task. You have to tag ideas and thoughts you have. If you don't review them, you might not you might as well not have captured them. So my biggest sort of hack when I was at Google is as long as can review all my inboxes, my Gmail inbox, Google Keep inbox, Drive inbox, and Google Task inbox, nothing slipped through the cracks. >> Wow. >> Yeah. Right here. And I have a link straight to it. Like I can click into it and it goes to my Google Keep inbox. So this is my Google Keep inbox. And once it's processed, I click E and it's archived. >> Yeah. Nice. >> Yeah. So I'm going to bring that back. Yeah, that that's sort of like the the review process right there. >> Sick. >> And to what extent do you still do that now that you're a full-time entrepreneur? >> Oh, I still do exactly this but notion. So, the reason I had to do this using let's say Google Keep, Google task because when you're working on Google, you're not allowed to use any other platform to do any work stuff. I do the exact same thing but in notion. So, this workflow I would say is platform agnostic. As long as you capture, organize, review, engage core workflow, >> you can use any tour platform and get things get things done. >> How much do you procrastinate? Oh, I I do. So, the problem is now I procrastinate frequently throughout the day. That breaks up my deep work. So, let me explain. I still work quite a lot right now. I would but I don't see it as work because I have a lot of fun doing this. I would say I work from, let's say, 9 to 8 >> every day. Yeah. 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Not too bad, right? But but yeah, the problem with my procrastination right now is whenever I finish what I think to be a decent chunk of work, I reach for my phone. When I open YouTube, I'm like, I have to reward myself. >> And the reason why that's a problem is because even though I procrastinated uh when I was like grinding and hustling hard, I didn't have time to procrastinate like so frequently. There were like dedicated sessions. I'm like, okay, it's a write-off day, right? Like or what Ollie calls a write-off day, right? But now I'm like, oh, you know, I could get to this. I have time. And then it becomes it becomes was like 30 minutes. I'm like, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then I have to come back and stuff like that. So I So the short answer is I do procrastinate. I still haven't really figured out a way to beat it completely. What other tips do you find helpful for staying focused when you're on task? Because a lot of people really struggle with focus, attention span, all of that stuff. >> For me, it's simple because I've internalized this. Basically, it's a two-minute rule or five minute rule, right? It was a two or five minute rule. I can't remember exactly. Five minute rule. >> Yeah, it depends on depends on who you ask. >> So, basically, I turn on the I turn on the timer in the app, Super Focus app, and I'm like literally I'm like, "Okay, five minutes. I'm just going to sit there." And then I start thinking, studying, thinking by the time it by the time the alarm rings, I'm already think I'm okay, I stop. and I'm like thinking about the next step. So that trick really works really well on me. So I don't really need to force myself to focus to be very honest. >> And so let's say you have a day where you've got like I don't know eight different things you have to do but like one of them is the priority. >> How are you scheduling in the eight different things, the one thing? Is it that you're time blocking the one thing and just focusing on that? Is it that you don't need to time block because you just know it's the priority? How are you triaging stuff? >> Oh yeah. So going back to my notion command center here. So, the thing I forgot to mention just now is whatever the priority is, it goes right in the calendar. That's a non-negotiable. Everything else is like negotiable, if that makes sense. And I've gotten in a really good habit of not overcommitting because I've had so like the last 11 years to sort of figure that out right from my first job in magic consulting all the way till now. So, I know for a fact I have more than enough time during that day to get the one thing done. Everything else is sort of negotiable, but nice to haves, if that makes sense. The beauty of having this in a list instead of just having a task um database here which I also do have is you can move this around like okay the highlight can't be moved but let's say I want to do this afterwards I can move that and that visually gives me permission to be like ah I will move this around is not set in stone except for the highlight that makes sense and I can throw some stuff to tomorrow as well if I don't have the time so this just gives me permission to move >> tasks as things change throughout the day for flexibility. ility. >> Nice. And then can you talk us through your project management thing? So let's say you have a project that's like uh Japan trip with Jonathan or something like that. Uh how do you how do you keep that organized and the tasks and various things you have to do for that? >> So I have to give a bit of context here. I'm not I promise I'm not trying to like uh uh uh promote my like notion. >> You can promote as much as you like. >> Okay, perfect. So I've been making one YouTube video a year on my notion command center or life OS system since 2021. And I think I really cracked the code this past year and I'm using that right now. It's called like build your uh it's I call it command center and the course is called build your command center in notion and I'm using Thiago Forte's par method project areas resources archived or a version of it in this sort of notion command center. So let me just go through a real project with you. Let's say I create a new project right launch a high ticket AI product. All right end date I don't know couple of months later. All right. Uh, I I'll usually add the Google Drive link here and related area. This is related to my products area. Why is that important? Well, because product strategy. Well, because I want to be able to find this project at any point, right? To make sure I'm surfacing information as as they come. So, I'm just going to uh expand this. And again, I just go through sort of a mental checklist. I'm going to put the project overview here. when conditions op center just simply means are there any links or AI chats I want to throw on here so I can reference very easily related task resources and notes and the beauty of this is everything is everything is related in a way that I could create a new task do user research and it's automatically related to this project so even though I can find this in my master task database the task is surfaced when the in a contextually relevant location >> sick and we'll put a link to the notion course down below And by the way, all of this system stuff is exactly what we teach in our part-time YouTuber Academy. You get all the systems that I've been using for my channel for the last like eight years and all of the scripts, all the templates, all the notion stuff. If you want it, there's a link down below. So, now we move on to step number five, which is to do all of this while navigating the day job when you were at Google. To what extent were you worried about like, oh, what if my employer finds out that I'm doing stuff on the side? H like how did you navigate? I mean, I guess it's YouTube. Google owns YouTube, so presumably they're okay with it, especially because you're saying nice things about Gemini and Google Keep and Google Mail and stuff, but like yeah, how did you navigate the negotiating with your employer to allow you to do a side hustle? >> Are you talking about from a professional standpoint or from a compliance standpoint? Cuz those two surprise you you might be surprised to know are completely different. >> Oh yeah, tell me more. Cuz essentially like we have a bunch of people in our lifestyle business academy who are like, "Oh, I work at insert big company X here. Uh I'm not sure I can really build a business on the side." uh have you got any advice >> in that case? Let me start with the compliance side and I'll move on to the professional side and you'll see why those two are completely different things especially at these large tech companies. So from a compliance standpoint I'm a risk very riskaverse person. I had emailed the ethics and compliance team even before I started I uploaded my first video. They gave me a bunch of rules to follow and I'm like okay cool. Eight months later they audited my channel and they were like Jeff overall it's okay but we found some problems. Number one, you are not allowed to talk about Google products. >> Oh, >> you're forbidden because you It's surprising, right? Be like, you'd obviously want to talk about your own products. No, because there's a conflict of interest. Viewers or external people might think you had inside information that they did not have access to. For the record, I never had any insider information, right? And they were like, number two, you're not allowed to film the Google office, so I had to take some videos down. And then a year later, they audited again. It was it was fine, right? Yeah. And to Google's credit, again, I'll be the first person to say negative things about Google because they're not a perfect company. Not even close. But to Google's credit, I sincerely believe the people there always try to do the right thing because I know for a I know people from Meta, from Apple, from Spotify, from these other companies who got fired basically immediately with no recourse for having some sort of social media presence. Obviously, their content might have been a bit more dodgy to use the word you use, right? but that they were just basically fired immediately, right? Whereas Google's like, "Look, Jeff, we we see you're doing job search. You're doing your productivity. You're trying to help people. You're trying to teach people just just be careful, but you know, but you're good, right?" So, that's a compliance aspect. >> Just on that note, like, so if someone is is watching this and they're like, "Man, I really want to build a side business or a YouTube channel or or stop posting on LinkedIn, but I do have one of these jobs where like I'm kind of worried about what my employer is going to say." What advice would you have for that person who's worried about the compliance perspective like because they don't want to get fired? Oh, okay. Then for sure reach out to the compliance team first. I think that's what saved me because I think they saw they because the compliance team has like records of all the sort of like the the communication, right? They saw I try to do the right thing by reaching out first as opposed to asking for forgiveness later, right? And for the record, I'm usually someone who always does a thing first and ask for forgiveness, but in this specific case, I asked for permission first. >> They gave me the benefit of doubt. >> Yeah. So, I do generally think if you're worried about being like fired for compliance issues, you should definitely reach out to the compliance team first. >> Okay? >> And not your manager because in these big tech companies, the managers don't know. They love it. They're like, "Wow, I my manager literally was like, Jeff, I love these videos. Do more and do workshops for us." But she didn't know whether or not they were compliant. >> So, when I had to take, let's say, my Google videos down back in the day, she was like, "Wait, why? What? That's crazy. Why would they make you do that?" Right? Like our initial reaction as well. So, my my manager, she's she's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic. I I the reason I actually didn't leave early is because of her. I want to stay longer for her. Um she was extremely supportive and she was basically like, "Look, Jeeoff, I understand. I don't even need to say it, but you're not going to let this interfere your full-time job. As long as that's the case, keep going. Love it." >> that was a more professional side of things. The other thing people are worried about in this context is like, okay, technically it's compliant, but if like my manager finds out, if my colleagues find out, if my manager's manager finds out, like technically I'm not breaking any rules, but will it look badly on me that like I'm trying to do commercial activity on the side or something? Will they think, oh, she's got one foot in, one foot out, you know, all that kind of stuff? >> In my experience, and you've said this countless time, no one cares. Really, no one cares. I initially, and I felt the same. Initially, I thought, oh, people are talking my behind my back. Did you see Jeff Sue's latest video? Like he he sounds so stupid. That's never happened, right? Maybe someone made a comment like, "Oh, I saw your video." I was like, "How's that going?" It's like, "Oh, interesting video. Cool." That was the extent. No one cares. Everyone has their own problems. Everyone think about the next paycheck. They think about the promotion, thinking about their next project, like complain about other people like no one cares about this. So, as long as your content is not again not dodgy, right? Um I think I think we there's a spotlight effect at play. We overestimate how much other people think about us. >> We have a bunch of students right now in the academy who are have been procrastinating for about 3 weeks on making their very first LinkedIn post >> because they're like I can't post on LinkedIn cuz like >> all the previous colleagues I've ever had in my life are all on my LinkedIn and like uh like am I am I going to post on my LinkedIn saying hey guys I'm just going to just introducing myself all of the all of the cringe associated with like being someone who posts on LinkedIn gets in the way. Any tips? There are so many content types and formats that are arbit like objectively safe. We had offsite these are top three learnings. No one's gonna no one could possibly judge that. And and actually your current colleagues would would advocate for that. Of course the next worry might be what if I butcher it or I sound like an idiot. That's I think that's a whole another thing, right? >> I think I think there is another worry on that front. I think some people are like oh no I can't even post that because they're going to think I'm a tryhard. They're going to say that like, "Oh, Lord, did you see Jane's posted about learning from the offsite? What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like wetter that it's like this is genuinely a worry that people have." >> The reason I was smirking is like, "Wait, try hard is not a compliment." I was like, "Wait a minute." Like I was that was that was what I was trying TO GO FOR. WAIT, HANG on a minute. >> I think for most people try hard is not a compliment. It's like an insult that they try very very hard to avoid. >> Okay, got it. Wow. Thanks for letting me know, Ollie. I'm 33 and that Thank you. I appreciate that. If I'm putting myself in a professional shoes and I saw someone I dislike, right, posting on LinkedIn, um would my first reaction be like, "Oh, this person is trying so hard. He or she like they have nothing to offer, nothing to say." I get, but then my argument would I forget about it. I' I'd judge maybe for a second or so, then I forget about it. I don't think anyone in the right mind would take a screenshot of that, send it to a group chat, and be like, "Haha, look at this guy. Like, I can't believe they're trying so hard." >> Yeah. I think this is like literally the thing people are scared of. They're like, "What is this?" >> Is it LinkedIn specific or like YouTube? uh LinkedIn specific in the sense of a a lot of our students post on LinkedIn and b cuz if you make a YouTube video no one's going to see it ever. But if you post on LinkedIn automatically all of your connections might see that because you have zero followers and so the only people that will ever see that will see it initially are the people that you you're already connected to which is your current colleagues and your former colleagues and people try very very hard to avoid judgment from current and former colleagues as like a a sort of ego defense mechanism or something. >> Wow. Okay, I have to I have to myth then I'm so far removed from that point. I I can't really relate. Nor do I have that good cuz now that you say it like that. Yes. If I let's say back in the day I had like 89 connections and if I had to post something Yeah. I I I probably have the same concerns. I I I I don't remember how I got through it. I got over it. >> I mean the the thing we're just trying to tell people is like guys, you're going to have to post every day on LinkedIn. So the more you overthink your first post, the slower you're going to build your business. You can take as long as you want. It's just that like, you know, Ricardo over there, he's done his first post, who got his first few sales already. Kelsey's got her first few sales. Um, these guys have got the first few sales and they just kind of did the thing. >> And then LinkedIn sales navigator. Like guys, you're going to have to send 200 connection requests a week on LinkedIn and just DM everyone who talks to you. >> You're going to have to do this every week for the next like 5 years if you want to build your lifestyle business to like million dollars. >> Oh, for sure. >> So, like why are we overthinking the first message, bro? Like, this is one message out of like 58,000 you're going to be sending over the course of the next like few years. Like, come on, let's go. And so eventually there's enough of that that like gets people over the edge to realize they can just do it and then they realize no one gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then they're like then the whole thing becomes easier. >> Exactly. No one cares. Everyone has their own priorities. >> Including people like Jeff, people like me, you know, like my hospital knew all about like my YouTube videos and stuff. My med school knew about them. I wasn't trying to do this stuff secretly on the side. From what we've heard from our lifestyle business academy students as well, if you are able to have a conversation with your manager, your boss, your HR, your compliance team about stuff and they give you the green light with some restrictions or whatever, that takes an enormous burden off of your shoulders because you're not lying awake at night wondering will they find out about this secret side hustle that I've got. Your mileage may vary. We also have some students who do it in secret on the side until it gets big enough and then they decide to quit their job. But like generally that's a more stressful way of of running this hustle. So, now we move on to step six of Jeff's journey, which is to let the products come to you. And there is a framework from our friend and mentor Daniel Priestley, who's featured on the channel quite a lot, that Jeff discovered that helped him figure out what products to >> I mentioned just now that my first product was a free PDF version of my my resume, right? I uploaded that onto Gumroad to complement my resume video. I wanted viewers to have something next to them so they can reference as they watch my video to optimize their resumes. I thought that just made sense, right? I didn't expect them to donate. And after they donated, I got questions like, "Hey, do you mind if you share a Google Docs version that I can edit myself? I'd 1K a month in in revenue, right? So that was my first experience with Daniel Priestley's sort of like product frameworks like do it yourself, do it done with you, do done for you or something along those lines, right? So do it yourself is a PDF version. done with you sort of is like the Google Docs editable version. Um, so the point I'm trying to make here, it came very naturally like, oh, I thought this would be a useful resource. Here you go. Oh, you want an editable version? Huh, okay, I guess I could charge for it. And then sort of built from there. >> I know a lot of people who have like um elaborate notion systems and including me and then we use them for like a week and then we're like ah this is I don't know you're on a flight or something. Notion offline kind of sucks still. And so then you're like, it goes out the window. You go on holiday for a week and it goes out the window. And then like the inertia of getting back to the system, it's just like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it, I'll just go back to Apple Notes. Like I I've gone through this cycle of build a system, follow the system for a week, >> life happens, forget about it, go back to pen and paper every six months for the last like eight years. Um, how do you stick to the system? I'm trying to think of any sort of framework or principles I can bring up here. But if I'm being just very honest, it goes back to number one. I think with just my personality, I like Mr. Who's a Boss, I have somewhat of a uptight anal personality whereby I love structure. So this comes this makes me happy like checking off things in checkboxes and like following this makes me happy. If I were to say like a framework or um um um a principle or something, I would say most people fail, especially in notion, when they don't build it themselves. >> Yeah. When they download someone else's template, like Thomas Frank's ultimate brain, it's like, oh my god, >> I bought that. I bought that and I gave up in not even a week, like three days, I gave up. I love Thomas Frank. He and you are the reason I use Notion. I've watched many of his videos. I've commented on his videos and you've seen my comments, but his Ultimate Brain 3.0 was crazy, right? I'm like, there's no way I need 60 properties for a task. that that doesn't make any sense. So, for my course to to get over that, oh, by the way, just a little bit more virtual signaling here. It's a number one course on the PPA platform. Um, the the education platform that I'm working with in Taiwan, >> link down below, guys, check it out. >> 2025. >> Yeah. I purposely gave them only the raw databases >> and the course walks them through exactly how to connect them using the relations property, how to uh add their own areas of life, >> how to manage their tasks and that has I think improved like student retention. >> Makes sense. Yeah. >> For the system. >> They're sort of building the furniture. >> Exactly. So I think I think that really helps like you can't give someone like just a straightup template. And I'll be honest, Ali, it was really painful because you have no idea how hard it is to turn multiple raw databases to a externally friendly sharable view without leaving like small pockets of random information inside or they copy the wrong thing and stuff like that. So this this setup took me >> I think two to three months and that's probably why a lot more creators don't do that because it it takes so much finessing. Um but yeah, I think it's worth it. I think students need to build it themselves. Now, there's this sort of product spectrum that has these three areas. There's do-it-yourself, done with you, and done for you. And there are actually different schools of thought around this. If you're going creative first, it is often easiest to start with a do-it-yourself product. For example, the templates that Jeff was selling on Gumroad, it's just a template. The user has to buy it, download it, and use it themselves. It's a DIY product. Those generally tend to be the cheapest things. Then you might ascend to something that's done with you. Maybe this is sort of like a course with a community element added to it. It's sort of like you as the creator, you're live in there, you're doing workshops, or maybe it's like a sort of one-on-one coaching program where if you might be helping someone improve their productivity or build their notion systems or start a business. They're doing the work and you're sort of helping them out alongside. This is sort of done with you. And then generally on the highest end of the spectrum, you have done for you where you sell a fully done for you service where you are doing the work for your client. For example, our part-time YouTuber Academy is a sort of do-it-yourself course where we do a lot of coaching, me and my team, and workshops and stuff with one-on-one support and everything that helps students build their own businesses. That's done with you. But then done for you would be if, for example, we started offering YouTube video production as a service to other businesses. It's like the business would film the content and we would do everything, the editing, the packaging, the titles, the thumbnails, the strategy, etc., etc. That's for example a done for you service. So you could totally start DIY and then go done with you and then go done for you if you want to or or not. Or you actually could start the other way around. This is actually the way that a lot of online businesses start. They start with a done for you service where they're doing the work for their clients. Once they've gotten enough results, they're able to then turn it into a done with you where they're coaching people through the process. And once they're sick of coaching people through the process and showing that they're able to get results and decent testimonials and stuff, they then graduate like downstream into something like an online course which becomes more scalable but costs less money. And so you just have to sort of weigh up how scalable you want it versus how much you want to be charging. In Jeff's case, a lot of this emerged naturally. He built his first thing because the audience seemed to want it. And then he built the next thing because his audience seemed to want it. He didn't really have this sort of like grand vision of like becoming a millionaire. It just sort of happened sort of accidentally, but also, you know, accidental things like this take a lot of work, a lot of patience. As you've seen, the amount of effort that goes into Jeff's videos, the way he does his content, the way he navigated his full-time job, the sacrifices he had to give up along the way. When you're putting in that level of work and you're able to build an audience of people who know, like, and trust you, then the monetization almost takes care of itself without you having to force it, which is what I love about Jeff's journey. Anyway, we now come to step seven, which is to figure out your real why. So, let's say someone's listening to this and they're vibing with your story. Let's say they've got a corporate job of some description and they really want to do the thing on the side and they they're looking at your story as an inspiration to be like, "Man, Jeff managed to do it. He managed to keep up his corporate career. Did a great job. Um, etc., etc. got promoted to a pretty pretty good level and then he was able to build his thing up to the point that it 3xed his salary and now he's able to quit. Like that's like the dream trajectory for a lot of people I know who are working in corporate. Do you have any other bits of advice? Any advice you would give someone in that situation? >> I've thought about this is because inherently the question is asking what piece of advice you would you give someone who wants to go through the exact journey you did. Right? Although I'm all about practical, actionable advice like tactics, the tactics, it doesn't matter in this question, the only thing that matters if it boils down to it is the motivation, the initial motivation why you want to do the thing. The reason and and that sounds cliche and that sounds so generic, right? Why, Jeff, would you say that? That's weird. Because I sincerely believe the real motivation powering what you want is something very hidden and dark that very few people will ever get to know. I'm going to take a plunge and share something I I've never really shared before. My motivation to give you some context, I was a terrible student in high school. I if you out of a 4.0 GPA, I'm not sure how the UK does it, out of a 4.0 GPA, my GPA was like 2.8, 2.9. It was terrible. Um, I was lucky enough to go to, in my opinion, the best college in the world, Emory University, uh, where I received a world-class education and, you know, got introduced to a cash who referred me into Google. I I barely scraped by. I was on the wait list and I got in. The reason I turned my life around in college and I graduated topics in my class is because I was angry. I was pissed off that people I didn't think were as capable were getting better grades. I was like, I'm I'm going to show them. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. Like, I'm not I'm not an idiot. I studied my ass off and I got good grades. The motivation is not noble. It's just like trying to prove people wrong. But in my opinion, for a lot of things in life, maybe the intent or the motivation doesn't matter as much as the outcome. Because if it got me to, let's say, good grades, a good job offer, who's to say the anger motivation or the anger sort of, you know, uh, reason you sort of work your ass off >> um, is was bad. >> You know what I mean? >> I know I'm rambling a lot. I know I'm ranting a lot, but I think that does directly apply to sort of um, how to like go through this journey and succeed in the end. You really need to be honest with yourself why you want to do If it's something surface level like making money or freedom, I I don't think that's seriously sustainable. That has to be really part of core of who you are and it's so different for everyone. I don't even know how I would start explaining how to find it yourself. I can only share that in my case, especially for the college days. I was just angry because I didn't want to be seen as an idiot and I want to prove people wrong. That sounds so terrible. We say it out loud. you're supposed to say like like I realized that in college anything was possible and I in order to do that I was going to have to put in the hard work like no it was it was it was part of who I am. I didn't want to I I didn't want to look bad. >> Yeah. So again that's my honest answer. There's no framework or principle that deres from that. But if there's one person could sort of think about that and be like okay let's be honest with myself. Why do I really want this? I want the fame. I really want to be liked. I want to like like hook up with girls. Then that's okay. Like you know just channel that through. It sounds terrible to say it loud but yeah whatever gets you there. >> So was it still like the anger like I want to prove people wrong that caused you to start the YouTube channel and like build that up. >> So I think there's two things. So number one when I started it was definitely for the love of teaching for sure the teaching thing definitely got me started. I think through like at some point during the five years I also did want to prove people wrong in that I didn't need the Google brand anymore because I I'm still am I'm a pretty vain person. Having the Google brand was great. Being like, "Oh, I'm okay with Google. I'm a Googler, right? Not a great look, but it like I'm trying to be honest, authentic here, right?" Having that brand was great. And my my ex fiance, my ex-girlfriend, she's very smart, much smarter than me. She said, "Jeff, one day you're going to leave Google whether you like it or not. You can't you have to divorce yourself from the brand to do anything." She's not talking about a YouTube channel. She's like, "For anything, right? You you can't see yourself as a Googler." And the wakeup call for me oi was when Google laid off a bunch of people back you know a couple years ago and it came as a shock to many Googlers who saw themselves as Googlers right instead of just employees of the large corporate designed to maximize their whole value and a lot of people had a really tough time sort of getting through that. That was a wake up call for me as well. I was like okay yeah I can't I can't see myself just Google anymore. So the YouTube thing was one way for me to get myself out of that. I was like okay I'm an educator. I'm a YouTuber. I'm an educator. >> I'm not just a Googler. >> Yeah. That was some of that was the hidden motivation there as well. >> So it's like diversifying your identity away from putting all your eggs in the I work at Google basket. I I am a Googler and more into sort of Yeah. just like spread the eggs out a little bit. >> Exactly. But don't get me wrong, right now I think on my LinkedIn my headline's still like Google trying to educate. I still want to sort of leverage a Google brand, you know. >> I mean I still have doctor turn entrepreneurs. So it's like you know >> Yeah. There you go. Yeah. >> You might as well lean into the might as well lean into the thing. >> And so your homework from this action point is what is the real reason why you are continuing to watch this video? Why do you want what's the real dark reason behind why you want financial freedom or you want to build a business or create a business or whatever like what's the thing being aware of that um is generally a good idea. And then finally we come to step number eight which is to set the quit date. You quit the job recently. >> Yeah in April this year. >> Congratulations. Uh how did you decide to quit the job now? And I mean looking at your revenue stats you could have quit like 3 years ago. Uh so why did you not? >> There are a couple of reasons I think. So number one, I'm so riskaverse that I would not have been okay with anything less than three times my salary. My my three times my full-time salary. I say that's the first reason. And don't ask me why I reached I I arrive how I arrived at the three times. It was literally I just sounded good. I was like, okay, if it's one, it's one to one. Well, YouTube is volatile. I might not I might not I might make a lot less. >> If it's two times, well, if it got half, I'd be back to where I started. If it's three times, at least if I got half, it could be 1.5 times. That's literally how I thought about it. Not very scientific, but it is what it is. Like vibes basically, right? Number two, for context, I had planned to quit a couple quarters before the actual date because I knew if I didn't sign that imaginary contract with myself, I'd just stay forever. I really like the team. I really like the work. Um, surprisingly enough, like people are smart. They're hardworking. My like my director, Prisca, she's she's fantastic. I love her. Um, but I knew if I didn't set a date or a quarter to quit, I would just stay. So I was like, "Okay, Q2 of 2025, I have to leave. I have to leave in these 90 days." >> And so to make that happen, I literally like emailed or like brought it up with my manager back then in January to force it to happen. I can't take it back anymore. To be very honest with you though, Audi, I I I should have quit a year sooner because over the last year, work on both sides suffered and I felt I looking I I still feel a little bit iffy about it because I care about my personal brand a lot and I care about, you know, I I care about I care about the work. I I care about doing a good job. And I realized over that year there was no way I could go 110% in both. It just it just didn't it didn't make any sense. The YouTube videos suffered. There weren't great topics. Didn't do very well. Um my work at Google suffered. People were like, "Are you okay? Are you sick? Like, what's going on?" Like, this is not usually the Jeff Sue standard, right? So, if I if I if I could, I I would probably have quit a year earlier. >> Then, why do you think you didn't? >> I was too greedy. I was way too greedy. I wanted to have that Google lifestyle, that Google brand, the free food. Half jokingly, it's free food's great, Ali. You were there. Yeah. You you you've had the free food. It was It's great to not have to cook or or order out, right? the free food, the the the support system, the team, right? I was too greedy. I wanted everything at once and that's not how it works. >> So, you got two full-time team members now. >> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Basically, >> in person remote, like what's the setup? >> Remote, completely remote. So, the one right now, the one has who has been working with me for the past year or so, she actually joined, she actually quit Google first and then she took a leap of faith and joined me. Uh she's based in Guangjo, so remote. And the uh the newly hired one is based out of Taipei. >> What are your goals for your business these days? If I could share sort of the vision is to actually build the lifestyle business that Daniel Priesty talked about and overs subscribe. So, as Oh, I didn't tell you yet. I I told Angus um I hired my second full-time hire. >> Oh, nice. >> She's awesome. Wharton recent grad, super enthusiastic about education AI, and I could see her, you know, in the future joining the being part of the core team, growing the business with me and building that up because at Google, I'll be very honest, one of the things I really disliked was managing people. I'm not a great manager. I'm impatient. I am short-tempered. I shout at people. I've made people cry. I hold people to unrealistically high standards. They're like, "Jeff, we're not saving patients. You're not a doctor." I'm all those things. So, that's one of the reasons actually I also love Google. I don't want to manage people. But having smart and motivated people working alongside with you, I think is a great feeling. I'm sure you agree. Let's look at those two people here, right? Um, so I think that's my next goal, you know, is not to like sell maybe not to sell another product or not to make like YouTube videos. I I'll keep doing those for sure. I I'll keep writing my newsletter. I keep writing LinkedIn posts. But I think the goal for the next three or five years is build a team of people who are invested as invested in the mission as I am. There we go. As invested in the vision, mission as I am. >> Yeah. To increase the world's productivity by 10%. That that's sort of the the mission that >> Jeffy, thank you very much. This has been absolutely wonderful. Any final any final words of wisdom? Anything else you would like to share with people? >> Oh, well, no. Well, no, people are going to think I'm just be riffing here, but I've been recommending PTYA for a lot of my friends who are trying to start YouTube. For example, Austin Bellsac. He's massive LinkedIn. But he just started YouTube recently and I was like, "Yo, Austin, if you want to throw money at the problem, Ptya, because it sort of it sort of cuts the trial error out of out of the way." Yeah. >> Great. Yeah. >> Well, thank you very much for that plug. Love it. >> No problem. >> Thanks, Allie. >> High five. So, as you just heard from Jeff, the part of YouTube Academy is very good. There's a link down below. But if you're interested in more free advice on how to start and grow a YouTube channel, there'd be a video right over here or something that talks about that. So, if you're interested in potentially mirroring mine or Jeff's journey and becoming rich through creating content on the internet, check out that video over there. So, thank you so much for watching. Thank you, Jeff, for being awesome. And I will catch you later. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [5 likes]: Want to get started with YouTube? Join my free 7-day crash course: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytpjeff
  2. @AyubiHasanMedha [3 likes]: Jeff is a very happy and enthusiastic person I felt. And I saw him today for the first time ever and I liked his process of doing everything
  3. @DiamondFlame45 [1 likes]: What’s up with these bot comments promoting a book by some random lol
  4. @dm619sd [1 likes]: Soooo good! I love how you took clips of the podcast and talked in between clips. Fireeee!!!
  5. @Maia_Speaks [1 likes]: You're probably not making money because you're optimizing for watch time instead of actual audience value. Ali's case studies work because he picks niches where people already spend money.
  6. @Maia_Speaks [1 likes]: You're probably going to optimize for watch time and miss the real money, which lives in email list size and product sales. YouTube monetization is the slowest path.
  7. @neolyu3810 [1 likes]: OMG my favorite two YouTubers finally collab! Epic !
  8. @frederikwintherlarsen: Thanks for sharing this Ali. I completed PTYA earlier this year and it has help me so much with my small channel. I just found my first editor and he is now finishing up the final draft. Excited to see what the rest of 2026 will bring.
  9. @munhoetung2942: I love both of u guys. A big fan of both channels
  10. @wajsk: 22:26
  11. @eroskiller100-10: Welcome
  12. @WillJCopp: One of the BEST videos I’ve ever watched about YouTube growth! 💪
  13. @shanayaaGandhi: Yo Ali & Jeff, this case study is chef's kiss 👌—going from $98 to $835K while keeping a Google job is next-level grind. Jeff's "suck less with each rep" + full scripting workflow is the real tea 🍵. Already taking notes for my own YouTube dreams! 🔥:person-turqouise-waving::body-green-covering-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes:
  14. @aadilmohan3224: I have learnt from his videos how to clear an interview. My first job graduating from Master's degree, I got it thanks to Jeff
  15. @stevesmith4319: make yor notes  tips .
  16. @ellen2ndmile: Almost all PhD candidates finish their courses but nearly half do not finish because of the dissertation!!! And so even among the Type As, independent effort is really, really poor in our Western culture.
  17. @ramesh5530: My two favorite people !
  18. @tylerejackson: Who is the Wharton grad he mentioned?
  19. @Scoop-Vibes: Nice Video Ali. Please do you use a teleprompter or irs just offhand speaking
  20. @Kritika_Jani: It did not seem like a podcast!

It felt as if Ali wanted to know how Jeff is actually making all of this happen.. All his videos happen.. His creative process in detail for his own channel and covered it up in the name of a podcast and for viewers to learn from Jeff!

But it was more of a how he himself can compare and improve on his YouTube Creation from Jeff!

- What's the Point?: Kind: captions Language: en The other day I was reclining on the couch playing God of War 2018 on the PS5. I'm a few hours into the game and I find myself at a crossroads literally and metaphorically. I could choose to row my boat left and progress the main story line. Or I could choose to row my boat right and do a side quest that seems interesting, but that wouldn't really progress the main story. I notice that my default thought process is we've got to go left because that'll get us moving through the story line faster. But then I stop and notice that thought. I think, hm, that's interesting. I'm playing a video game here. So, why do I feel the need to play it efficiently? Why does my first thought go to what's the fastest way to progress the game? And after some thinking, I land on the question, what's actually the point of playing this video game? And the answer comes pretty quickly. Obviously, the point is to simply enjoy the journey of playing it. There is no cosmic significance to my playing God of War. It's not an exercise in self-improvement. The points or levels that I earn in the game have less than zero impact on my life. It's simply an arbitrary video game that I'm playing at an arbitrary difficulty level purely for the purposes of passing the time and doing something enjoyable. So, I decide to turn right and take the more scenic route, doing the side quest that has no bearing on the main story line, but enjoying myself with the attitude of leaning back, relaxing, and enjoying the challenge of this arbitrary video game. The following morning, I'm in the office with the team and I'm working on some designs for our new productivity app. And I find myself feeling a tad on edge with how little time I've got available to work on it. I've just got a few hours of deep work before the next meeting and then it's lunchtime and then my afternoons packed with the gym followed by a couple of more meetings with the dev team. And I find myself approaching these designs with an air of franticness, an air of feeling like I'm running out of time and therefore I've got to make progress on this quickly. But then I remember the feeling when playing God of War, the feeling of trying to do things efficiently. So I asked myself that question again. What's actually the point of us building this productivity app? Sure, if the app does well, it'll mean more money for the business, and it would be cool to be building an app that lots of people around the world use, and it helps them manage their time and achieve their goals. But in the grand scheme of things, a few decades from now, if not way sooner, the app will be completely forgotten. A few more decades from now, me and our entire team will be dead, and no one will particularly care about this random app that we spent a few years building on planet Earth. This app that I'm spending all this time and energy working on actually has zero cosmic significance. So, what's the point? Well, I realized that much like a video game, the point is primarily to enjoy the experience of building the thing. If we build it well, it'll hopefully have a little more impact on our lives than literally spending those hours playing more video games. But honestly, not that much more on a cosmic scale. In many ways, the journey of building an app is much like the journey of playing a video game. It's an arbitrary goal with an arbitrary level of difficulty played for the primary purpose of building something cool and enjoying the journey of building it. So then I think, huh, if the point of building this app is actually primarily to enjoy the journey of building this app, what if I approached it like I approached playing God of War? What if instead of approaching it with an attitude of franticness or stress, I instead take a breath, I lean back, I relax, and I try to remember that building the app is an arbitrary video game where the primary goal is to simply enjoy the challenge. And you know what? I have a pretty good time for the next few hours. I get my study with me Spotify playlist playing through my headphones. I take breaks every now and then to get a coffee. And while approaching it in this relaxed fashion, I make a lot of progress and I come up with a bunch of cool new ideas and I have a pretty good time. The very first chapter of my book, Feelgood Productivity, is titled Play. The whole thesis of the entire book is that when we approach our work in the spirit of play, we actually become more productive, more creative, and less stressed. And on top of that, the work ends up generating rather than draining our energy. But even though I've written that chapter and I've seen firsthand the benefits of taking a more playful approach to work, I still find myself defaulting to the mode of this is a serious thing that needs to be done quickly and productively and efficiently. Over time, I think I've gotten a bit better at catching myself when I do this and then trying to deliberately switch over to play mode, but it still isn't my default setting. I'd love for it to be so that my approach to practically every goal or project in work or in life is to treat it with an attitude of lightness, ease, and sincerity rather than heaviness and seriousness. Zooming out even more, I have found myself wondering this. What if every goal we're working towards in our work, our health, our relationships, our home life? What if all those goals are merely arbitrary video games played on an arbitrary level of difficulty where the primary purpose is in fact to enjoy the journey of playing them? What if the journey is in fact the destination? And after all that, we've landed on a classic cliche. Thank you for watching. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertJ-i5n [57 likes]: Retired at 50, earning 45K biweekly… but honestly, the money isn't even the highlight. What means the most is having a family that stood by me when life was tough. I'm living the life I once prayed for. If you're still fighting your battles, don't lose hope — your season is coming. ❤
  2. @aliabdaal [9 likes]: For more productivity tips and practical life advice, join LifeNotes - my free, weekly-ish newsletter - https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytppointofgoals
  3. @lukeMac [1 likes]: The question that always comes up for me with this kind of frame is: did it also apply before you were traditionally successful? I mean, how far can this attitude take you? Maybe you already answered this in the book. I might have to re-read it.
  4. @turjjopaul1190: just play the video game
  5. @TechTomlet: I love your videos, Ali. They are always so well made and well produced. You have quite literally changed my life, brother.
  6. @denis-tarasenko: Good observation. I love how you turned a seemingly ordinary video game session into a life-changing exercise everyone can try in the next hour.
  7. @jimmybfmv9023: That was such a refreshing reminder to just relax and enjoy the journey of life.
  8. @rmendeljacobs2832: I disagree here. I think approaching work in the spirit of play is important and advantageous.... however, there absolutely is a cosmic significance in terms of the impact and the unique contribution that it brings to people. It's not only a selfish journey - it's to use your light to shine and help others shine too.
  9. @surly.45north: God this is lame. You gave up being a doctor for s***posting "thought leader" slop on video games.
  10. @TakiMoore: “Me and my team will be dead”
  11. @lolmzxiu: seriously at the end of the video i was questioning "what's the point?" lol
  12. @jessedarko: Man discovers video games 😂
  13. @persainwithatena: Great!
  14. @pranavdarekar5811: Deep, i love your way of relating it to God of War, and working or building would really be more enjoyable and efficient if we approach it like a video game. This was so simple dude and yet it took years to realize it, even after playing more than 10,000 hrs of video games
  15. @samuelrippe100: Damn, I am living my life wrong.
  16. @raghav54628: Throughout your video you talked about the result having no cosmic significance which was the main reason why you focused on the journey but what if the result is very important for you then would you still be able to focus on the journey and enjoying it without thinking about the result?
  17. @franciscomiralles735: "Why do angels float? Because they step lightly.." – Alan Watts, I think, but don't quote me on that
  18. @AponMarketer: I hope you are doing well. I am a long-time follower of Ali Abdaal and deeply appreciate how your team consistently delivers masterclass-level content on productivity, entrepreneurship, and building a meaningful life. The insights in recent videos like "The Simplest Way to Make $10k/month" are incredibly impactful.

​With a massive foundation of 6.6 million subscribers and over 1,400 videos, the brand possesses an elite archive of evergreen content. At this scale, a major opportunity lies in systematically auditing and re-optimizing your legacy videos to maximize their continuous compounding views and back-end funnel conversions. Additionally, exploring advanced localization strategies (such as multi-language audio or hyper-targeted localized metadata) could seamlessly introduce Ali’s concepts to untapped global markets.

​I specialize in channel architecture, deep analytics, and content lifecycle optimization for top-tier creators. If your team is open to discussing high-level strategies to further scale Ali Abdaal’s library and boost monthly passive distribution, I would love to connect for a brief exchange.

​Thank you for your time, and thank you for continuously raising the bar for the creator economy!
  19. @alexforget: Zero consmic significance, not true.
People need christianity.
It's impossible to know the impact you have, it make ripples into infinity.

Align yourself toward God, then enjoy the day and it's chalenges.

It's saying a similar thing on a different way but it's important, otherwise once you get what you want, you crash.
Yes you can see it as playing a game but where the ultimate goal is becoming like Christ in your own way: theosis.
  20. @euanmartins: Love these kinds of insigts.

- you only need a phone: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to talk through how you can film yourself using just your phone. No fancy equipment, no fancy stuff. The hacks and tips and tricks that I've picked up over the last 8 years of being a, I guess, professional content creator. By the way, if you're new here, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur. And since 2017 on this YouTube channel, I've been documenting the journey from broke medical student to working full-time as a doctor, including during the pandemic, to now being an entrepreneur and an author. And for the last 5 years, I've been running an online community called the Part-Time YouTuber Academy, where we have helped thousands of students, including lots of faces and names that you probably recognize, start, grow, and monetize their YouTube channels. But all that said, let's get into the video. Now, whenever the lights are off, what I'm always looking for is a window. So, there is a window over here. Now, I probably don't want to film being backlit because there is a light behind me. What I'm really trying to find is I'm trying to film in a way where the light is sort of like 45 degrees from where my face is. So that's thing number one. Find a light source that's ideally as like big as possible. So windows are very big lights and ideally get it around 45° from where you are. Principle number two is you kind of want your background to be a bit more interesting than just a plain white wall. If for example I stand here now I've got like more stuff in the background. And if we go if we put the camera here and just go straight on. You can see over here I'm like, "Okay, this is another way of doing it. I've got the light directly in front of me. I generally don't like it when a light's directly in front. But over here at least, the background just looks a little bit more interesting." Right? The other key principle is you always want your lines to be straight. So if, for example, Becky, who's behind the camera, goes wonky with the camera, you will see that this looks absolutely freaking terrible. Like it just looks super unprofessional. Like you can basically take the the same shot, you can be a bit wonky with it and then you go straight and now hopefully the shot looks a lot more professional. We're like just doing some playing around with it. If your lines are straight and you're sort of eye level with the camera and you're sort of your head is sort of brushing the top of the frame, that generally looks pretty that generally looks pretty reasonable. It looks pretty professional. And then we also want to appreciate what effect like tilting has. So most mostly in cameras you can get a sort of spirit level and you want your thing to be kind of eye level. There are other ways of doing it. So for example, if we put the camera underneath and tilted it, what that does is create allegedly create a more like powerful imposing kind of thing where I'm like speaking down to the camera. Alternatively, if we go up and look down at me. Now here my camera is still theoretically brushing the top of the frame, but this looks a little bit different. Unless you're deliberately going for like the POV look that like you know that kind of vibe. Unless you're deliberately going for it, you generally want to just be eye level looking straight down the barrel of the lens with as many straight lines behind you as humanly possible without any weirdness going on in terms of like wonkifying and like tilting tilting your camera view. Now, when filming it with a phone, obviously, one thing you can do is you can just use the selfie camera and you can just hold it out and this is a sort of like hey Becky, you know, this sort of vibe. Now, the issue with using the selfie camera is look at where my eyes are looking. I can I can totally do headbrushing the top. I can totally do like, you know, straight lines roughly, but I'm just so tempted to look at myself. Whereas, if I look at you now, hopefully that feels a lot more natural because I'm actually looking at the camera. I'm not looking at myself. There's something about looking at yourself that feels weird. So, one of the biggest signs of like kind of noobs to being creators filming with their phone for the first time, they often look at themselves when really they should be looking at the camera and they should be looking at the viewers. Sometimes it's not exactly obvious where the camera is. So, sometimes what I do is I put my finger and I'm like, "Okay, oh, that's the camera." Especially if you're filming with like the back of a phone. And so here I've got the 1x camera. I'm like sort of holding it like this. I have no idea. Absolutely no clue what this looks like. I don't even know which which of the three cameras it is. And so what I'm going to basically do is flip the camera around and I'm going to be like, "All right, I'm going to cover that one. Okay, it's not that one. It's not that one. Oh, it's that one. Okay, so it's bottom right. Okay, cool. So now I know that if I'm filming myself from this kind of perspective, I'm I need to be looking at this camera right over here. Because if I'm looking at that one or if I'm looking at that one or if I'm looking anywhere else, it will just it there'll just be something about the video that feels a little bit off compared to directly looking at the camera that I know I should be looking at. And this is something that like you kind of have to train yourself to do. Now, for filming with the back of a phone handheld like this, 1x could work, but often 0.5x often looks nicer because it feels a little bit more vloggy, if that makes sense. So, that's like my 0.5x view. So, now if I'm doing like handheld with a camera like this, I'm trying my best to just sort of generally keep it straight. You can see what this looks like. I'm trying not to be wonky with it because generally wonky looks weird, especially if you're like putting doing stuff in like horizontal. And I'm making sure I'm looking at this one because I know that that is the 0.5x lens. And so hopefully this looks like relatively reasonable. And as I'm walking along and filming with my phone, I'm trying my best to be my own kind of stabilizer. If I was really trying to optimize it, I would probably I've got light source over here. I've got reasonable background over there. I'd probably do something like this. I don't know what this looks like because I obviously can't see myself, but I just sort of know that if I've done the general principles correctly around like background, around like having a soft light. I mean, there's a big harsh light in my face. I don't really care personally, but like whatever. I know if if I've done the general principles right, this should look somewhat reasonable. Even though I've literally just whacked out my phone and I'm just talking to it without even being able to see myself. By the way, if you're interested in growing your business in platforms like Instagram, there is a wonderful little tool that my team and I have been using for the last year or so. It's called Stanley and it's created by Stan who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Stanley is your very own AI agent. And what it does is that it connects to your Instagram and it gives you insights into what content of yours is doing well and therefore gives you insights on how you can grow your business or your presence on Instagram. It also helps you create carousels and posts and captions in your voice. So it saves a bunch of time. If for example you're posting a real and then you're spending ages trying to figure out like what to caption it, you can just ask Stanley to write the caption in your voice and it can save you a bunch of time. And it also shows you these really useful stats like a consistency score, a growth score, and a stand score that lets you see how well you're doing compared to other accounts and similar niches. So, if you're interested in growing your Instagram presence, you should definitely check out Stanley. And it's created by Stan, which is our recommended sort of online platform for selling anything as a creator on the internet. So, you can check that out as well. And there will be links down below and on screen somewhere if you're interested in checking those things out. So, thank you Stan for sponsoring this video. And let's get back to it. To be honest, anything a handheld that doesn't have stabilization generally to me doesn't look particularly professional. So this is where tripods come in. Now there is one tripod that I always have attached to my phone at all times. It is this Peak Design phone phone tripod type situation. If you're doing like a Zoom call or reading a book at a coffee shop, it's kind of nice to just be able to do this and not have and can be able to go hands-free. Or if you want to film horizontally, you just like boom. And now you have this sort of situation where you can prop your phone up. The issue with using a tripod on the phone with a selfie camera is that you're going to you're almost always going to end up with a situation where you know the the phone is looking up at you, right? Because you know this is not this is not following the rule of eye level. It's not too bad. There's something about this that can still look quite professional. You don't give yourself too much headroom. Like this looks terrible and looks very unprofessional because I've given myself too much headroom. Similarly, I don't want to cut my headroom off. Obviously, this looks weird. This looks like some sort of secret filming for some sort of dodgy interrogation. But if I do something like this where I've got just enough headroom to for this to seem reasonable, even though I'm a pro at this, it's still very tempting for me to look at myself rather than to look at you directly through the camera, you my dear viewer, thank you. Thank you for being still here in the video. I hope it's valuable. I hope it's kind of useful. And if I try and get this as like eye level as I possibly can and make sure I'm looking at the camera, you know what? This doesn't look too bad. Even though I'm just using a basic ass magnetic phone tripod that you can get on Amazon. You can get cheap knockoffs on Amazon for like $5 or something and you can just always have it with you at all times, which means you're always able to film stuff on your phone. If I wanted to level this up a bit and I didn't have an actual tripod on me, what I might do is I'm going to be like, "Okay, are there any books or is there You know what? Let's grab this freaking box of tissues and use the box of tissues as a bit of a tripod so that if I stick the phone on top of the box of tissues, will that allow me to be a bit more eye level?" Possibly. Actually, that's not too bad. That's not too bad. Can I go even straighter if I even further twizzle and tweak this little tripod? Yeah, that's pretty straight. Okay, nice. And hopefully this also doesn't seem too bad. I have to worry about like shake because I know this box of tissues has not got much like stabilization on it. But I mean, for the most part, this doesn't actually look too bad. Phones, even with just the basic ass selfie camera these days, are actually pretty good. What happens if I try and switch to the proper camera? I'm trying to roughly get where I think the shot is going to be using the 1x lens. So, you can see on my Apple Watch, I can see exactly what's going on. And wow, that actually worked relatively reasonably. Oh, I think my head's being too cut off. And so I'd want to either lean forward. Is this reasonable? Have I got something reasonable going on? Okay, this actually doesn't look too bad because I've done sensible things like, you know, I'm looking at the camera. Hopefully the lines are kind of somewhat straight in terms of the background. Like there's a lot of stuff going on in the background, which means the background is just kind of interesting compared to sitting against a wall and I just do it like this. Oh my god, this box of tissues is going to fall. I suspect this looks a lot less interesting than the previous shot. And this is actually a mistake I see a lot of our like lifestyle business academy or part-time YouTuber academy students making. They think that in order for a shot to look professional, it should have nothing in there. But nothing in a shot. I mean, even like even this is kind of interesting cuz there's a whiteboard. If I were to go even even less interesting and just like have it straight up against a wall like I see a lot of people film, this is the sign of a total noob as it comes as it relates to being a creator where you're like I am going to be professional and therefore I'm going to film with nothing at all behind me. But this sort of feels like either you are some kind of teacher and you're filming like I don't know your the first time you've ever filmed a video lesson because it's the pandemic and you're like I need to film video lessons for my students and you decide to have an empty wall or you're on some kind of interrogation or doing some sort of like interview. Even though this is a shitty background, I do whatever I can to make the shot look reasonable, but it's still, you know, it's just much nicer when you have something in the background. Speaking of, this is also generally why I don't like to shoot straight on against a wall. I like to shoot an oblique kind of angle because if we go back to do this sort of thing. This is sort of shooting into a corner. Shooting into a corner will just make your background more interesting than shooting straight on. If you're shooting straight on, then the background, I mean, it it obviously can still be interesting, but you just get a lot of interestingness vibes by just shooting into a corner, making sure you're looking at the camera, making sure the camera, making sure the lines are as straight as they can be, making sure your head is just about brushing the top of the frame. Now, one thing that I actually forgot to do was uh changing the frames per second of the phone for stuff to look cinematic. Most movies are shot in either 24 or 25 frames per second, but iPhone footage and phone footage in general is often shot at 30. So it makes it look just a little bit more smooth than you would expect it to look if you were watching something legit on TV. And so in general, if you want your your footage to look a little bit more cinematic, you switch it to either 24 or 25 frames pers. I think this video that we're exporting is going to be in 25 frames per second anyway, so maybe you didn't quite notice the difference. But that's often one tell of like, oh, it was shot with a phone, which is that it's a little smoother than you would expect it to be. So if in doubt, switch your phone to 25 frames per second, which I personally forgot to do. Some people often ask the question of like, oh, should I film in like cinematic mode or should I film in like professional mode or should I film in like raw mode and any of this sort of stuff. And my take is that if you are a beginner creator and you're doing video for the first time, don't worry about any of that stuff. You can just film things using the default camera app on your phone and you don't need to think about it. Once you've made a few dozen to a few hundred videos and you really think that like shooting log or whatever is going to drastically level up your production value or if you're not just doing talking head camera videos or you particularly want to make it give it a particular kind of cinematic look then yes you could film in like whatever the iPhone raw prores video file is. For most people I speak to who are doing basic educational content to try and either build their personal brand or try to try and drive leads to a business to make some money. All of that is massively overkill and so you don't need a lot of that stuff unless you're actively interested in the art of like color grading. Phones these days have a lot of different focal lengths. So if Becky were to be my tripod, um let's do 0.5x uh using the general idea that my my my head is brushing the top of the frame. Okay. So you'll notice that the camera is very close to me. It's like I could basically touch it with my hand. I suspect what this does is that it makes it feel like you and I are very close together. The closer the camera is to you, the more intimate an experience it's going to feel for the person on the other end. So, what happens if we switch to the 1x lens? Okay, so we have switched to the 1x lens. I I would have to really reach out to like lean forward and reach out to touch the camera. Now, even though we we can try our best to make the uh the framing look similar to the 0.5x lens, there's something about this that will feel a little bit less intimate than the 0.5x lens. The 0.5x lens really feels like sort of more up close and personal. I think the 1x lens on an iPhone is a 24 millimeter which is sort of like YouTuber classic kind of vibes and so you know this probably looks totally reasonable. Okay, so now we have switched to the 2x zoom. Now I think this is sort of like what a 50 mil equivalent or like like whatever. But basically the camera is so far away from me it's like miles away. Well it's not miles away but it's like a couple of meters away from me. I there's no way I can reach out and touch the camera. This is what more of a this gives you more of like a presenter kind of feel. If you think of what the news looks like a newsreader does not feel like a YouTuber. a newsreader feels like the camera is miles away and they're reading the news and they're sort of presenting the news. Even though the framing could be identical and my my head is still brushing the top of the frame and I still look relatively the same size, everything is sort of sufficiently sort of zoomed in so that it feels like this is more of a presenter. If we go 4x, it's going to be even more like zoomed in than that. But there's literally not enough space in this in this room to do a 4x kind of zoom. I generally pref prefer the vibe of feeling like I can reach out of being able to reach out and touch the camera. So, if I'm filming with a phone, I would prefer to film with the 1x lens or even the 0.5x. It feels like a more friendly relationship with the viewer on the other end rather than this, which feels like I'm a presenter doing a presenting type thing. Now, again, because we're filming with a phone, we don't have to think too hard about the lighting, the phone will compensate for most of the lighting. But, as long as we're doing sensible things, headbrushing the top of the frame, the lines are straight, there's something vaguely interesting going on in the background, so it doesn't look like I'm shooting against a wall like I'm being interrogated by the police or something, then we should be fine and it should look relatively okay. Okay. One thing we have not talked about at all is audio. So, right now I am recording audio using this microphone over here, which is attached to the camera that Becky is using to film. The camera is the Sony ZV1. And this is like one of these little things that connects up to the camera. Um, back in the day, a few years ago, these like little pocket microphone things were either very hard to find or were super expensive. And so, you had to do elaborate setups like shotgun mics and all that kind of stuff like you see on TV. Now, I'm going to show you what the difference in audio is like. So, for this entire video so far, we've actually been using the audio from this microphone, which hopefully sounds like reasonable enough that if you're watching at this point in the video, you haven't switched off. Basically, the main factor when it comes to audio is how close is the microphone to your mouth. This microphone is very close to my mouth, and so the audio should hopefully sound reasonable. So, this is what audio from the iPhone sounds like when we were at the 2x lens zoom. So, when the iPhone was miles away from me, >> I there's no way I can reach out and touch the camera. This is what more of a This gives you more of like a presenter kind of feel. >> As you can hear, that sounds absolutely terrible. Now, if we bring the iPhone quite a lot closer and we use the 1x lens, this is what the audio sounds like. >> This is the sign of a total noob as it comes as it relates to being a creator where you're like, I am going to be professional and therefore I'm going to film with nothing at all behind me. And now, if we bring the iPhone even closer and we have it at 0.5x distance, so it's like right up close and personal. This is what the audio sounds like. The closer the camera is to you, the more intimate an experience it's going to feel for the person on the other end. So hopefully you can hear from that example that like the closer the iPhone is to me, the better the audio in the iPhone is going to sound. So if you happen to be filming with just a phone or just a camera and you don't have some kind of external microphone, there is a lot of value in just using 0.5x and having the having the microphone or the audio as close to you as humanly possible because in general audio quality is more important than video quality. People wouldn't mind sitting through poor video quality, but very few people will sit through bad audio quality. So, anyway, audio is the most important thing. I always carry these like ear ear pods with me. You know, the old school wired Apple headphones cuz you never know when you might need some reasonable sounding audio. Uh, but here I'm going to record a voice memo using just this, you know, if it feel it feels a little a little Gen Z to be holding up a, you know, a wired thing like this. Hopefully, if we've done this right, this audio should actually sound pretty good because the microphone is very close to my mouth. And yeah, I'm holding up a microphone, but like, you know, there's something cool and retro about it these days. Uh, I would rather do this than have really bad audio. What you can also do if you really care about audio, and sometimes I do this if I'm filming out and about, is like literally carry a proper microphone with you. Why would you bother carrying a proper microphone with you? I could totally record audio with just this microphone over here, but if you are willing to carry a laptop around, you can plug a microphone into a laptop. So, this is now a voice memo I'm recording on my MacBook with this microphone plugged in. Now, the reason I sometimes do this is for the vibes, right? This here is the Mantis Pod. I quite like it. Um, I've had it I've had it for a few years. Uh, the Mantis Pod also has this sort of like iPhone iPhone tripod attachment. So, like I don't want to deal with like the box of tissues and stuff. So, I'm actually just going to set up my phone on a legit looking tripod. Okay, so I'm just going to use a selfie camera over here. Now, what I'm trying to do is set up the shot so that it looks reasonable. This is not reasonable because the lines are not straight. This looks like the most amateur thing you've ever seen in your life, right? It looks it looks horrendous. The reason it looks horrend horrendous is cuz the lines are not straight. So, what I'm doing is as I'm like tweaking the leveling of this tripod so that that line over there is the same sort of angle as sort of like the edge of the iPhone. So, on an iPhone, you have straight lines. You have that line over there and you have that line over there. These are straight lines. If there's wonkiness, you look at the angle between that line and that line, there's an angle. That means it's not straight. Whereas like what would be straight? Well, that looks more more straight cuz you can see that that line on the wall. This line over here is kind of like lining up with like the edge of the iPhone. Now, obviously, if you like pan or tilt and stuff, you you can sort of get the illusion of straightness, but like straight is what I'm going for. or straight is the the the primary thing I go for because that's the primary thing that people subconsciously uh look at when they are deciding like how professional something looks. And what I'm trying to do is create a kind of foreground element using my laptop and using this microphone. It just makes the shot a little bit more interesting. Part of why I have this like colorful Dbrand skin on my laptop which we designed in collaboration with Dbrand. It's the pallet skin is because this splash of color in the foreground makes anything look nicer in my opinion. At least that's kind of the vibe the vibe that I go for. And so when I do this sort of thing, I'm like I'm I'm spending a while I I say, "Well, it's it's not that long." I'm spending some amount of time making sure that the laptop looks reasonable. Now, right now, this doesn't look great because it it sort of looks like the laptop screen is just coming out of thin air because you can't actually see the laptop thingy. I also have quite a lot of headroom. Maybe if we go down a little bit over here, something. Okay, that that's not too bad. Um, I do have the effect of like the camera is looking down on me a little bit like this, but I don't think that's too much of a problem. All of this is about trade-offs. I'm like, where can I position the laptop so it looks reasonable? Where can I position the microphone so it looks reasonable? I'm in a random room, the worst conference room in terms of lighting and in terms of decor in this entire building. But this shot hopefully doesn't look too bad and hopefully doesn't sound too bad because I'm recording the audio from here directly. I've got this in the back in in the foreground. You know what? Should I put it over here just to make it more interesting cuz we've got that that plant is Yeah, you know what? it. That plant is interesting. So, I want to put this here so it looks reasonable. Now, if I was shooting an entire YouTube video like this, this actually totally reasonable. I have my phone on a tripod. You can get a cheap ass tripod if you want. I'm literally connected my laptop to like a, you know, you probably have a laptop. You can get a cheap microphone that you connect it to. This is why I generally like microphones that look nice because, you know, if it's part of like the look of the shot, even if there are microphones out there that sound a little bit better, >> but you can totally imagine having an entire filming setup and building an entire YouTube channel just off of filming a video like this, filming with a phone, just using the selfie camera, recording audio on my laptop with a microphone, and this looks totally reasonable. The lines are more or less straight. I'm looking I'm attempting to look at the lens and and and not just looking at myself. The background is like fine. The lighting really really sucks. This would be terri like it's going top down. It's yellow. It's horrendous. What happens if I turn the light off? Maybe actually that looks a little bit better cuz the iPhone will compensate for poor lighting. It will add some noise to the recording. Some people would say that this looks a little bit better. Do I agree? Do I think this looks better? Eh, versus actually having the light on. There's much more harsh shadows on my face. Whatever. I think this is fine. So, if I was recording videos for one of my courses or even for the main channel or for anything I'm doing, this would actually be a totally reasonable setup. And we've seen that there's there's there's nothing fancy about this. I don't have any fancy lights. I'm not even using the fancy camera. I don't have a fancy microphone. I'm just making do with what I happen to have in my bag and the shot looks relatively okay. If I didn't even have one of these microphones, but I had a spare laptop on me or I had a spare phone or whatever, then I can totally just plug this thing in and hide it, hide this earphones in under my top and now I have relatively reasonable sounding audio. Of course, if I just wanted to straight up plug this into the iPhone, I could do that as well. Uh the iPhone is a little bit far away right now, so I think with this focal length, maybe I can't reach. Actually, no, I kind of can to be honest. if I didn't have any of this and I just plugged these these ear pods into my iPhone. I'm just like holding it up like this. This is like a super low tech setup that anyone can do with just their phone and a cheap tripod or just propping up the phone on a bunch of books and using one of these like magnetic tripods or if you don't have a tripod, you prop it up on some books or a tissue box. You stick a mug or a glass behind it and you sort of prop up your phone against the mug or the glass and you can get a setup that looks totally reasonable. Gear is not an excuse to not be doing content if the thing you're trying to do for your business or for your life or for your side hustle involves doing content to some degree. If you're doing vertical content, this becomes a totally reasonable setup for filming like Instagram reels or something and giving myself enough headroom. Uh but generally when it comes to vertical content, people are much more forgiving of poor production value. When it comes to vertical content, like right now, I'm not looking at you, I'm looking at myself. But if I look at you through the lens, it just looks a little bit nicer. So, if you're doing Instagram reels, if you're doing Tik Toks, if you're doing YouTube shorts, there is something to be said for like lower production value filmed with just a phone in a way feeling more authentic than doing it properly. It kind of depends on what brand you're going for. Like most of my Instagram reels, we film properly with a proper camera and we have fancy editing on them because that is kind of one of our unfair advantages that we can lean into. But certainly, if I was like trying to do content and I wanted to I I wanted to feel natural. I wanted to feel raw, I wouldn't even be concerned about lighting. I would be concerned about audio because audio is important which is why you see all these people holding up microphones and stuff but I would actually just be able to walk around doing this sort of thing and this would look totally reasonable. The thing I would still be mindful of is to keep the lines relatively straight because as soon as I do this sort of thing now this well it looks a bit artsy but generally straight lines straight lines across the board works very nicely and making sure your audio sounds reasonable which you can do with a simple pair of ear pods like this. You know, back in the day, having like high production value, like something looking really good and looking professional was a flex. And it was a thing that let you separate yourself from the mass masses of amateurs who were producing poor quality content with poor quality like microphones and cameras and stuff. Right now, we're in an era where having less good production value is actually fine because it feels authentic. And right now, we have a a crisis of authenticity. No one knows what's real anymore. No one knows what's fake anymore. Everyone's like, "Oh, is this AI?" And so we've actually found with our stuff that if our editing is too good, sometimes people in the comments are like, "Oh, he's just using AI in the editing." Even though we're not, it's very easy for normal people who don't understand video editing and animation to think if something looks good, oh, it must be AI. And that means that if your brand is leaning into authenticity as a thing, you might want to experiment with not using a camera, a fancy camera to film your videos. I I know creators who deliberately like who film with a fancy camera, but who deliberately add grain and noise to their videos so that it feels as if it was filmed with like a less fancy camera and a less fancy lens. There are general rules of thumb. You know, things like the straight lines is a rule of thumb. Things like eye level is a rule of thumb. Things like head brushing the top of the frame is a rule of thumb. But if you know what the rules are and you know that that's generally what is accepted and what what's considered looking professional, you can then artistically and artfully break those rules, you could make the camera really wonky if you wanted to. You could do something that my friend Daniel Dalen does and have the camera super high and looking down at you from a super wide angle. Now, this sort of breaks the laws of breaks the rules of like video creation and stuff and it doesn't look particularly cinematic, but this creates a different kind of vibe and creates more of a, you know, he's leaning into the point of view vibe. And so, if he's like working away and then he's talking to the camera over there and he's working away, talking to the camera over there, like some people artistically do things like this to create a different vibe in their videos. The key thing is if you know that that's what you're doing, then it it tends to work. But if you're just randomly doing it without knowing what the rules are or what the rules of thumb are, then generally the thing tends to look unprofessional rather than artistic. Now, if you enjoyed this video and you are interested in how I set up my actual YouTube studio, I have a video right over here. So yeah, if you want to see the process of exactly how that happened, how I turned my tiny ass Hong Kong apartment bedroom into like a YouTube studio that looks pretty reasonable, then check out that video over there. Thank you so much for watching. Have a great time and I'll see you in the next video. Am

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [12 likes]: Want to get started with YouTube? Join my free 7-day crash course: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytpfilmyourself
  2. @mintschoe8286 [1 likes]: I learned so much more through this one video than the last few years of searching for „how to youtube“
  3. @ayokhalo [1 likes]: Filming an entire 24 minute video slightly on the fly like this is really impressive!
  4. @AnkitCEO-k2g: Great video thanks for helping me brother
  5. @shsahidulislam-v1f: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  6. @FoyshalAhanap: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  7. @krishanmurari8811: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  8. @ebonygibson4333: Great informative tutorial for beginners.
👍
  9. @Mia-d7e8o: i just wanna say, thank you for this video Ali
  10. @ZtabsBtiming: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  11. @RohanMane001: CFBR
  12. @MostafaMo-u9p: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  13. @ChandanParida-j4r: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  14. @WendyCarleton: Amazing content as always!
  15. @SchlieperSchwerin: Thank you for the great content!
  16. @SeifAbabsia-w6d: Watching creators like this is the ultimate proof that consistency beats talent every single time. Inspired by this grit, I’ve committed to a massive challenge: uploading 2 science & engineering shorts every single day for the next 4 months. No excuses, just pure hard work. Remember this comment, because the journey starts today
  17. @ayzah3p: Do you have any suggestions for tags, btw another brilliant video Ali!
  18. @huilinding9275: Insta360 Snap solves all
  19. @rainmakerdesigner: in 2 min there is so much valuable information than 90% of videos in this topic.
  20. @vmaxmadness: I use an older Zhiyun Smooth 4 with a Sennheiser lav. Works well.

- The Simplest Way to Make $10k/month - Case Study: Kind: captions Language: en All right, so this is William Brown. He started his online business by charging a random dude off of the internet $50 for a three-page word document. But then that business grew from zero to $16.4 million over the next few years. And he then sold that company to a private equity firm in the US. In this case study, we're going to break down Will's entire journey into a five-step road map that he followed to start making money online as a complete beginner all the way through to becoming a multi-millionaire. We're going to talk about how he created his first offer, how he got traffic without actually having a following, how he built a sales process, how he converted strangers into paying customers, and how he ultimately scaled from just $50 to $16.4 million. So, if you are interested in building a business that gives you the sort of financial freedom that lets you travel the world working from your laptop, then hopefully there's going to be a lot to learn from this video. So will let's say someone is watching this and they have never made money on the internet before but let's say you know they're a working professional in their 30s or 40s or something and they're like man I like this idea of starting an online education business I like the idea of being able to help people being able to use my expertise to help other people and being able to do it from the comfort of my own home being able to have flexibility to pick up my kids from school and being able to make great money while doing it. What are the broad what's the highle road map that someone needs to follow in order to go from complete beginner to let's say 10k a month or 100k a year that kind of thing? >> Yeah, for sure. Well, there's really five steps. Okay, so step one is offer. Then comes traffic, sales process, conversion and value. Okay, >> now I'll give you an example. I worked with a gentleman from Canada called Kevin a few months ago. He'd been an accountant with his son for quite a few years. They owned uh two or three different practices over there and he found my YouTube channel, found out that he could potentially sell his knowledge to help other people either start or grow their accounting firm. He came into the program and we worked on those uh things together. Now, the first thing that we did was design his offer and really his value proposition. How are you going to help people and when and why and with what really that's your offer and it comes with a promise which is an outcome that you're selling to the person. So let's say for example, grow your accounting firm, get more clients and and and make more money. So we know what offer we're doing now. So the next thing we need to think about is well, how do we get traffic? How do we get eyeballs? How do we get attention on that offer? And there's two key ways to do that. Organic content, paid advertising. You can do one or the other. One is free, but you pay with your time. One is paid and you pay with your money rather than your time. Essentially, best thing to do is is actually to do both in in combination. So, we actually settled on a bit of content and mainly paid ads for Kevin. So, we had our offer, we knew what we were doing for traffic. Next comes the sales process. And this is pretty damn simple. It's a lot simpler than people think. For me, the best sales process is an explainer video, which tells the person who's watching all about you and how you can help them and what that kind of looks like. A button to book a call. When they click that button, they go to the conversion stage where they are converted from a viewer into usually a sales call. Kevin will then take that sales call and if they turn into a customer, he then finally provides them with value. And you move through those five steps and within a few months, Kevin was already doing multi- five figures a month selling that that program. So >> firstly, what is an offer and how how would you coach someone through the process? So, an offer is a way that you're going to help somebody and a promise of a result that that you're going to help somebody to get, right? And really, I think of offer as 50% and marketing as 50%. Because you can have a great offer, but if you don't get it out there properly, no one's going to know. And you can have great marketing and sell this thing, but if it's not good or it's not right for them, then they're just going to refund that it's all going to kind of fall apart. So, offer 50%, marketing 50%. But to come back to the offer, it's really as simple as starting with a promise. I help these people to do this by this way. This this this method. That's what I call a an I help statement. >> Okay. Nice. What are your thoughts on niching down? How niche is niche enough and how niche is like too niche? Honestly, I'm not a fan of niching down and I don't really understand as such why people would niche down because by niching down, you are simply making your market smaller and there's less people that that you can help. So, I've always been a fan of going after the entire market. My last market was all losing traders on planet Earth. My existing market is anybody on Earth with a skill or a talent or knowledge who wants to monetize it and build an e-learning company. I can understand why you might think niching down is a good idea because it is a bit better for more specific messaging. >> But the reason I don't agree with it is because you're making your market smaller. >> Okay. Objection, your honor. Um, if I am looking for a photographer for my wedding, I would rather hire a wedding photographer and pay them way more money than hiring a photographer. You know, a neurosurgeon earns more money than a general practitioner. They're special. They're more specialist. The market is smaller, but they're able to charge higher prices and able to stand out in a very very crowded market. >> You've got me. You You've got me there. No, there are definitely certain niches where I mean, let's let's say, for example, uh fat loss is is a really good example. You It wouldn't really make sense. You could do the entire market, but it's less effective there. it's more effective to have men get six-packs, uh women over this age to lose this many pounds, uh new mothers to get back into shape, that kind of thing. So, in a niche like that, it does make sense to niche inwards slightly, but not entirely. Those are still very very large uh markets to to serve. >> But for the most part, for most industries, I do suggest keeping it broad in in in most cases, not all. >> Okay. Okay. I speak to a lot of people who are like, "Okay, okay, then I want to I want to sell a course and I think I should price it at $50." Yeah. Dot dot dot. And I'm like, >> easy, easy. I've got a whole pricing paradigm. Makes it so easy for people. Price is something that really overwhelms people, but it really doesn't have to. It's it's actually quite simple when you have a paradigm. So, I'll share the one that I use with you. There's three elements to price. Number one, what is the 12 month value to the person that you're selling to? if they work with you and they get the average of the promised result that that you're selling. So let's say for example, going back to my accounting client Kevin, let's say he could add $50,000 to someone's business within 12 months. Okay, so we've got that first thing. The second thing that I then think about is well, what is their affordability? Okay, so of the the person that you're selling to the avatar, who are they? What is their likely career? What is their circumstances? and roughly how much could they, you know, reasonably afford. Number two. Number three, I then try and charge roughly 10 to 15% of the 12-month value. Right? So, let's come back to Kevin. Say 50,000 is the average 12-month value. 10% is $5,000. Then I look at those three things and say, okay, $5,000 is 10% of 50K, which is fair value to us. It's fair value to the client. And then the only remaining question is can the avatar afford that price which is clearly yes for these people. There we go. We've got a fair value price around the 10 to 15% mark. That's how I look at price. >> Okay. So many objections to that because will this applies if you're selling a make money offer. But what if I'm like a life coach or like a guitar teacher or like a piano teacher or like a dot dot? Like how could I I mean you know the value to them is like uh 50 quid so maybe I should charge 10 quid for my course instead. I I'll I'll give you another example to kind of make this real. Now, one of my favorite clients that I've ever worked with is somebody who helps people to stop drinking alcohol. Okay? Now, technically, what is the the 12-month value of of stopping drinking? Well, it's kind of hard to put a a number on it, you would think, but actually he sells primarily to uh executives, to CEOs, founders, entrepreneurs, highlevel career style people. So, let's just think about this for a second. If they are drinking alcohol, it's damaging their health, maybe their marriage, their relationship with their children, uh their career, their work life, they're worse in meetings, they're missing work, that that kind of thing. So, actually, it's worth I mean, what what is it worth to keep your marriage, to keep your kids, to keep your career, to keep money coming in and pay your mortgage and and on and on and on. So, it then becomes a little bit easier to put a financial number on it for those people. So, you could even say to the people like, "How much is this worth to sort your entire life out? Is it worth $5,000 to sort that out?" I would say yes. Is it worth 10? To the right person? Yes. To the right person, it's worth $100,000. And I believe as of now, he's charging 85,000 for for that offer for a year of working with him to stop drinking alcohol. So, does that make a bit more sense? >> Yeah. Okay. Nice. So, what kind of questions are you asking people when someone comes to you and they're like, "Well, I want to build a business." It's like step one is offer like, "Yeah, >> I would say to them, okay, what is your skill or talent or specialist knowledge?" Nine out of 10 people will will give me something there, at least something, but if someone said to me, I'm actually I'm actually not sure. I would say to them, "Okay, well, what do you love doing or what do you consider yourself good at?" Now, I had this breakthrough with a client. I think it's about a year and a half ago when I was having a very similar conversation to this and someone said to me, "Well, I'm very good at talking to girls and and like arranging dates and and going out with girls." I was like, "Okay, that's no it's certainly interesting." And he turned it into a what is it called? Cold approach kind of offer. Um, so so there you go. That was something that he was good at, but he didn't really consider it a teachable skill, but it is a very teachable skill. He's making a a lot of money with that. Now, you'd be surprised. People almost always have something like for example, my girlfriend Lauren, right? Um we were having this conversation and I said to her, "Well, what do you love?" And she said, "Well, I I I love, you know, helping mothers with their babies and the nutrition and uh and all of that stuff." And I said, "Well, who would be your favorite person to work with?" And she said, "New mothers to help them over the the following two, three, four, five months." Oh, right. Well, there's the avatar then. So, it's new mothers. I help new mothers to I don't know what the promise is. I can't say it properly. It's sort out the eating and sleeping and and stuff like that >> to uh help them get their life back. And next comes the the pricing thing. Do they have the affordability to afford what we would need to charge to be a functioning profitable business? >> Probably yes. Tick. And then this is kind of starting to to come together. So I think the variables thing that you mentioned >> is one of the key differentiators there. >> Yeah, as you were talking I was it was kind of coming to mind. I think one big question is like who can you actually help the most? Because if a doctor would were to come to me with that example, I I would challenge them. I'd be like, okay, so you're telling me that okay, you've been through med school in the UK, are you telling me you can help a 16-year-old in Syria get into med school in uh Lebanon? And they'd probably be like, "No." I'm like, "Okay, cool. So what country?" And they were like, "Oh, obviously in the UK." I'm like, "Okay, that wasn't obvious from your initials." So that massively changes. Great. Help people get into med medical schools in the UK. Now there are like 50 different medical schools in the U. There's public ones and there and there are private ones. What's the area that you have the most expertise in? Oh, obviously it's the public one because actually I went to med school before the private medical schools. Okay. No, fantastic. And sort of through that kind of conversation, what we're landing on is who can I actually best help? And then it's sort of like is that market big enough or do I need to go broader from that point? So I in a way like I guess my my approach is to start niche and then broaden out from there to land on who would who would my absolute dream client be. The one who would shout my name from the rooftops and be like oh my god I love working with this person. They love working with me. It's the absolute perfect fit. >> I completely agree with that. I think it's nice to think of the offer first, the market second, and then the avatar third. >> Okay. Yeah. >> And when you've got those three things in alignment, you've got a good offer, right? And you pull all those three things together, I think that's when you can really put a tick in that box. Now, if you're already making money, then you're going to want a place to put that money so that it can grow. And that is where the lovely sponsor of this video comes in, Trading 212. Trading 212 is a fantastic online investing platform that lets you invest in stocks and shares and funds and ETFs. My wife and I have actually been using it independently for several years. I think even since before we met, uh, and long before Trading 212 started sponsoring the channel. The platform makes investing super easy and super straightforward. There are no commissions, there are fractional shares, and there's none of the unnecessary friction that often puts people off from getting started. The fractional shares bit is really useful because it means you can invest in expensive stocks like Apple and Amazon and Google and stuff without actually needing to buy the whole stock. So you can buy a fraction of the stock. They also have a really good pies and auto invest feature. So the way the pies feature works is that you can browse other investors on the platform and you can browse the pi of their asset allocation and then if you like it and you can see the performance of those different like allocations, you can just copy and paste it into your own account. And then the auto invest feature makes investing on autopilot super straightforward. You can decide what kind of monthly deposit you want and you can automatically get it to invest in the relevant things that you want to invest in without you actually having to do anything beyond the initial setup. If you haven't yet checked it out, then as a bonus, if you sign up using my link, you will get a free fractional share worth up to £100. If you're interested, there will be a link down below or you can go to trading212.com/join/i and then that will get you your free share. Big thank you to trading212 for sponsoring this video and let's get back to it. >> So, there's kind of two parts to an offer. the offer itself, the promise, the IHEL statement, the avatar, the market, which we've just talked about. >> And then it's more the marketing material, the sales process, the copywriting. There you're really building a sales argument, >> right? So in the sales funnel, the sales process in kind of over there, that is where you're going deep on what it is, who it is for, who it is not for, how it works, so on and so forth. So you don't really go that deep until you're building the sales process. Okay, nice. What are the major pitfalls you see people fall into at the offer stage? >> The major pitfalls that I see people fall into at the offer stage tends to be struggling to identify an avatar in a massive market. Okay. And a lot of that comes down to self-belief and they just need to think about exactly what you said. Listen, who can you help the most? Who's who's your ideal prospect that you'd love to get on a on a call? People sometimes struggle to really nail down on that. Another thing is just believing that they have value to add. And this is where the 1 to 10 scale comes in. People think, "Oh god, I can't design a 10 out of 10 offer because I'm not a 10 out of 10. I'm a four out of 10." But that's the problem. They just don't understand. It doesn't need to be a 10 out of 10 offer. It just needs to be good enough to help the zeros and the ones. Again, coming back to avatar, those are the the two big kind of mindset shifts that people need to go deep on. >> Nice. And to that first point where people are struggling to find the avatar within a big market like what are the sorts of things that they should think about? >> Yeah. So I usually think about uh male female I think about the age. I think about the uh country uh affordability and finally and this is by far the most important the seriousness of the problem to that person >> because with within any market there's people who are more serious there's people who are less serious. So, if we take fitness for a second, well, somebody who is maybe a little bit on the older side, I don't know, 40 plus, >> y >> they're in a different place, you know, physically, uh they maybe got a wife, they've got kids, they've got a career, it's harder and they've got less time, so it's more serious to solve, right? I've actually got a client right now, he only sells uh male fitness to people over 50 in America. So, that's a nice place to niche down for those reasons. Whereas to contrast that, if somebody was say 20 years old, they don't care about about getting fit. They want to go out and get drunk and bloody party and all the things that young people want to do. So it's much less serious avatar, much harder sale. >> And then what's your take on uh you know the affordability thing? Are we only targeting people with lots of money? Basically, >> not necessarily. No. And the reason that I say that is because, for example, I have a a book that I sell and that is $12. Now, that is affordable to more or less anybody. And in that book is everything that I ever learned from the first six years of of my career. Nothing held back. Anyone can buy that. And it's almost a gateway drug to my main program. Okay? Okay. So, it's there for to it's really there to add value and anybody who wants to go deeper and go further can come into the the main program. The reason I I give that example is because it's not just about charging the highest price that you possibly can and making as much money as you can. It's about serving as much of the market as you want to serve. Like for me, I want to sell to as many people as possible. I want to help as many people as possible. And if I only had a very expensive program, I'd be ruling out 90% of the market. So for me it's useful to have the uh the book, the course, the coaching program, the mastermind. I even see the YouTube channel as like a free way to to get started and and get value. So it's good to serve the whole market if you can. >> Objection, your honor. Uh I'm worried that I don't have any skills that anyone would would be willing to pay for. What do I do? >> Good question. Well, one thing that I always share with people that tends to actually help them understand that they can teach and that they can help people is the scale of 1 to 10. Okay, so let's take me at golf. I've never played I've never held a club. I am a zero. Tiger Woods is a 10, probably an an 11 to to be honest by this stage. Now, I wouldn't actually want to learn from Tiger Woods. I'd I'd be embarrassed to stand in front of that guy having never played before. Right. I would really want someone who's about a four or a five m maybe a six. Okay? Someone that is far enough ahead of me but not too far ahead of me. So the first question that I would ask people is where would you put yourself on that scale of 1 to 10? That's the first question. And really, if you're anywhere above, I would say about a two and a half to a three, then you can start one of these businesses and you can start by teaching zeros. Okay? So, let's say you're a three or a four at writing. I've I worked with a a writing consultant when I was writing my book, who honestly I think was about a four or a five, and it was super helpful for me as a zero slash kind of a one, right? If you're further ahead, then that's fantastic. But a good way to think about it is if you're say a three, you can teach zeros. If you're a four or a five, you can teach zeros, ones, twos, maybe threes. If you're a seven or an eight, then naturally you can teach more, you know, the threes, the fours, the fivesish, give or take. And if you're a 10, you're probably only going to want to work with sixes or sevens or above because any less would be a waste of your time. One objection I hear from a lot of people in our own um in our lifestyle business academy stuff is um yeah but that may be true but I don't have any teaching qualifications. You know the objection there would be in your in your golf example maybe you actually want to learn from someone who has a golf who actually is a golf teacher and has a golf teaching qualification rather than your mate who knows how to play golf. >> That's a really good point that you make there and I I I do agree. I think if somebody maybe has a teaching qualification that is nice to to have but I wouldn't say it's essential and actually sometimes when you get these professional qualifications as such you can put yourself in a bit of a box because they give you rules that you might otherwise not follow or they teach you different ways of doing things and they stop you doing it naturally. So in a way not having any qualifications and just being great at the thing, just naturally great at the thing. I think that gives you an edge and I think that's an edge that should be preserved actually because it's coming from more of a genuine let me help you and let me share what I've learned way rather than a do a because this do because this. Sometimes a lack of structure can actually be the most valuable because it's the most genuine. By the way, all the stuff we're talking about in this video is stuff that we teach to students as part of our lifestyle business academy. That's like an online business school that me and my team run. And our goal is to mentor you through the process of building a $100,000 a year lifestyle business in under 12 months. So, if you are interested in learning more about that, there'll be some details down below. Who is this kind of online education business model not suitable for? It's not suitable for people that truly do not have a skill or a talent or some specialist knowledge and they really do not have any self-belief in themselves at all and they they would look at this and just say there is just there just really no way. I think if you truly don't have any of those things, it's not right for you. But to caveat that, you'd be surprised. Most people really do have something. I mean, the greatest example of this is one of my older clients, uh, really fantastic lady who teaches knitting. And when she came to me, she was making about 11,000 a month, which is already pretty good. When she left me, she was making about $19,000 a month, which is a bit bit better. And when I tell people about the knitting lady, people are always really surprised at how many things you really can teach. Some really things that you would never think that you can can ever teach. >> I very much agree. I'm kind of like in in a way I want to say that online education business model is accessible to anyone but at the same time like for example we've got people applying to a lifestyle business academy and in a way like what are you know they they put they fill out a big application and what we're really looking for in the application is do they have some kind of evidence of a pre-existing skill set either through their professional or personal experience which is why we ask the specific questions in the thing that could lead to a high ticket offer for at least $2,000. >> Exactly. I mean, you have to have something to share, something to help people with, something to to talk about. One example always comes to mind for me, and I I don't know why this sticks in my head, but I've got a client, so I used to have a client who simply helps men get visible six-packs. >> That is his offer. You don't have a six-pack, you want to have a six-pack, come into the program. And to this day, he's making over $300,000 per month. >> Per month. >> Per month. Bloody hell. >> Helping men get visible six-packs. That that really blew my mind. I mean, he was a little bit smaller when he first joined me as a client. I think he was doing about 70 a month when he first join joined me as a client, but but nonetheless, there's so much money to be made with such simple offers. And his offer is 5K and 15K. 5K for the a bit slower one, 15K for a bit faster one. >> Yeah. So, >> the other big objection I hear is, "But Will or Ali, the market is so saturated. I could teach people how to get six pack abs, but like there's everyone in their dog is trying to teach men how to get six pack abs. How on earth am I going to stand out in such a saturated market? dot dot dot. >> That is a very fair question. It's a very fair question. And honestly, whenever anybody comes to me with an idea for one of these businesses, the first thing that I say is go out there and find other people that are doing it. And if you can't find other people that are doing it, it's probably a bad idea. If a lot of people are doing it, it's clearly a very good idea. Not only that, the world is a big place, okay? And people buy people. So, if you had a get a six-pack program, if I I I don't think I could ever do this because hey, I wish I had a six-pack, but if I did a six-pack offer as well, people would buy yours because of you. People would buy mine because of me. The truth is, people buy people along with the outcome. >> So, if somebody came to me and said, "Well, I would like to help people get into life coaching. What is the simplest way that I can just get started and get the ball rolling?" I would say to them, right, let's start a YouTube channel. Let's start making just one or two talking headstyle videos per week where you talk to your ideal customer about what you want to help them with. And let's just start with a very small offer. It could just be consulting sessions or a package of consulting sessions for a nice low price. It might be $500 for a few calls. Might be $1,000 for for a few calls. And inevitably as the YouTube grows, people are going to find the videos. Some people the power of 1% which we can talk about in a second, some people are absolutely going to buy those and then you can grow in confidence, conduct the sessions, add value and it all starts to come together from there. So you don't have to start with ads and a big sales process and a high price and all this stuff. You can just start that small. Get it get it moving and get it working. This is one of the reasons why I wrote my book. I just wanted to write something where anyone can read it. It's very very simple. It's it's step by step. >> So, I think people really over complicate this stuff sometimes. You really can just go out there and make some content and sell some consulting calls or just sell a you don't even have to do calls if you don't want to do a calls. You can just sell a course, but just get started is is is the best advice. >> Tell me more like how how do ads work? A good starting point is around $1,000 per month. The reason that I say that is because on average, depending on the offer and the niche, it's going to cost you around $70 to book a sales call. And that's not to take one, but that's to book one. Now, an average show rate is about 65%. So, if you book 10 calls, that might cost about $700. You're going to take, say, say, six of them, and you would hope to close one of them. And depending on your price, let's say your price was $2,000. Well, you've spent $700 to make 2,000. Now, you've got a profitable uh ads funnel there, and then you can start to scale into that. Caveat though, for certain offers, uh the cost per call will be higher. So, you need to be aware of your your price point and also your your close rate, your show rate, all of the nitty-gritty metrics. >> You know, I've seen some YouTube ads. It's like, you know, um you know, they pay rent and link to advertise Wix and it's like massive production value and all of this sort of stuff. How elaborate are these ads? >> If I showed you my first few ads, you wouldn't believe me and you would laugh because I assure you, and in fact, I've still got these ads, so I can actually show you these video, right? >> The these old ads, but they were literally a screenshot of a chart with a voice over and subtitles. And those ads made me multiple millions of dollars, like multiple millions of dollars. So, your ads do not have to be fancy. They do not have to be well produced. They do have to be well written. Okay? The the words that you're saying are 80%. The production is 20%. So that's why you can get away with rubbish. Quite frankly, production as long as the words, the copy is good. That's the foundation. >> On the ads front, um, one thing I hear a lot is, man, ads are getting more and more expensive over time. Um, therefore, everyone's trying to do organic. And then the people I know who are doing organic content are like, "Man, it's getting harder and harder to get views over time. Therefore, we should probably do some ads dot dot dot." People are like, "Oh man, SEO used to be a thing, but now it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] catchy, so now we need to do." What are your thoughts on that word vomit? >> Well, well, I do agree and I don't agree. The reason that I do agree is because some things are simply hard and it's a nice way to make you feel better to say, "Oh, it's hard. It's getting harder. It's a nice way to comfort yourself into admitting defeat, right? And for me, my challenge right now is is YouTube and growing the channel and maintaining views and driving sales calls and that that kind of thing. But it's a fun challenge and and and I enjoy it and I stick with it. So, that's the reason why I do agree. The reason I don't agree is because if you do it right and if you're good at it, it it always works. It it always works. And we have just started running cold ads again about oh about 10 weeks ago. And I mean good god our numbers are just just just phenomenal. So the ad platforms I mean for us they're certainly not more expensive. They're they're they're not harder. Nothing's changed. So I think it just comes down to again the if you get the inputs right you get the outputs right. Yeah. Really? >> Interesting. if we were to start taking ad seriously, um what level of like input do I and or someone in the team need to put into this uh to sort of really nail this? But we've just been relying on organic for a whole career basically. >> This is what I would do. So I would write five hooks. I would write two full ad bodies. I'd put those together and that would give me 10 ads. My first batch of 10 ads. Now, knowing what I know, uh, Facebook and Instagram is the best place to run ads for for companies like ours right now. So, I would run them there, and I would run them at about $50 a day, $100 a dayish. I would run them into a VSSL, into an explainer video to to book a call. And the first thing that I want to know is what is the cost per call and which ads are producing the calls and which ads are not producing the calls. And you can track that using an ad tracking software. From there, any ads that are not booking calls, I would turn them off. Any ads that are booking calls for a reasonable cost, I would leave them on. And I would start reputing the budget into the best ads. Yeah. >> To book more calls at good cost. Now, the second thing that I want to know from there is what is it costing us to get a sale? What's the cost cost per sale? So, let's say we spend $500 and we make a 5k sale for for for example, in simple math, right? We're getting a a 10x putting 500 in, getting 5,000 out. Fantastic. This is very profitable. Let's scale. Let's spend more money on ads. Okay. Now, at that stage, because of the profitability, you're not going to need to make any new ads, the ones that you've got to find. All you're going to need to do is slowly scale the spend. Keep an eye on the cost per booked call, the cost per taken call, and the cost per sale. >> Y. >> And if you're profitable, you can simply spend more, spend more, spend more. As you spend more, the ads are going to become uh slightly more expensive and all your costs are going to start to rise. Yeah. >> Eventually, the profitability is going to be much less so, and you're going to need to start the process again. Rewrite another batch of ads. That will get the cost back down again. You're going to be profitable again. And that is the game that we play. >> Interesting. And what is a good return on ad spend >> for me? Anything 2x or above is great. Three and a half. What What are ours right now? Our ads are about 6.7 right now. So if we spend a,000, we make 6,700 back in in a month. So nice and profitable. Not amazing, but but very profitable. So we will scale into that until the ROI is down at about 22 and a half. When it's down at 22 and a half, we will stop scaling and we'll start making new ads, testing new copy for the explainer video, for the sales page, that kind of thing. >> Okay? So it really is just a math problem. >> It is it is pure mathematics. running ads >> is pure mathematics. >> M I like that. That's great. And what are the pitfalls you see people making when they try running ads? >> If I could give you three major pitfalls that people fall into when they're running ads, it's trying on their own. Never ran them, don't have a clue what they're doing. It's blows my mind that people do this, but people do. And those people almost always lose lose the money that just try on their own. Number two is not knowing the importance of copywriting. Like like I said to you earlier, people try and make fancy ads, but it is not about production. It's about the copy, the words that you're saying. That is critical. You can have terrible production as long as the copy is great. It's number two. And number three is not tracking and not knowing the metrics that that you've got to hit through the funnel. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And if you do any of those three things, you're you're probably going to struggle. >> How important is daily tracking versus weekly tracking versus monthly tracking? I'm I'm glad that you've asked that because there's a bit of truth in two things that you said there. Now, depending on how much you're spending, you should really be tracking daily. It's so important just to keep your finger on the pulse when it comes to ads because you're spending money. So, you want to make sure it's it's being well spent. But here's the caveat. Don't judge your ads based on daily fluctuations. You've got to look at things in I mean we look at them in two week blocks and one month blocks because any less you can get fluctuations. You can start to panic. I've done this in the past where I've panicked and changed things and there was nothing wrong in in in the first place. So that that's what I would say. Keep an eye on them daily, but don't overreact daily. >> What does an offer actually look like? Like is it like a Google doc? Is it a sales page? Is it a like what is it? I think you're talking about when it comes to kind of presenting it to to the prospect, right? And the place that you're going to present an offer to a prospect is usually the first touch point is either ads or content actually because that's where most people find out about you and therefore find out about your offer >> as well. So it's usually described in your YouTube videos, your Instagram reels, in a paid ad that you're running. Yeah. >> And then from there they go into the funnel, the the sales process that we talked about a second ago. And that's where you're going to find well-written copy and images and proof and examples and stuff like that. >> Okay. So, let's say I'm selling uh coaching program on knitting, for example. So, content and ads. So, I'd be making content about knitting and I'd be making ads about knitting and then and then what? >> Yeah. 100%. I'll walk you through the sales process. >> So, what happens with this client is people find her videos on YouTube primarily and they'll see a video, they'll click the video. uh in the video they will hear her say something like, "Oh, if you need any help with this stuff, I'll put a link in the description where you can find out more." So that's the first call to action. Then people go to the description, they click the link, they then land on an explainer video with a bit of copy below the video that just explains why her, who she is, what they're going to get, that kind of thing. And then they can click a button and make a purchase. And then they go into the program. You know, we've released a couple of courses where, you know, we hired like a fancy studio and shot it on fancy cameras and tried to make it look like masterclass levels of like production value. Then we've done some courses where I'm just on my standing desk with this microphone recording literally Loom videos, not even using the fancy camera that I've got right there and just speaking to a webcam on a Loom instead of going through slides or like doing elaborate things, just like drawing stuff out on a Figma file and sort of constructing it. And the feedback we get on those is like worlds apart from like the super polish, super production value masterclass level of where people are like, whoa, I finally understand this. I've watched loads of YouTube videos about this. I've actually taken a bunch of courses about this and I finally understand it because seeing how Ollie just cobbled together his thought process and how he landed as at that conclusion just made it click made it click in my mind and I'm like, man, I should just do looms more often. >> It it is really fascinating, isn't it? I've actually found that in my first company. I mean, my first ever product was a three-page text word document for $50. >> And then I remember turning that into a few scrappy videos in a Dropbox folder. And people loved it and people got great results from it as well. And even with this new consulting company that I'm running nowadays, the program started as just word docs with text and images and then I would do a Loom video on top of the word doc. And again, pe people, there was never any complaints about the the production quality uh at all. So, it just goes to show not only should you not go above and beyond on production, but if you do, it can actually be worse for the customer. >> Yeah. Yeah. There's almost something about like when something looks like it was filmed on your webcam, it feels more authentic than if it looks as if it was filmed in one of these bad boys with like the whole shebang and like a slider that's doing a second camera shot and and all that kind of stuff. It feels like you're you're getting the real stuff, not the the fake overproduced polished stuff. >> 100% 100%. I've been thinking about this a lot. This is how my YouTube channel uh started and and grew. I made a few videos with three cameras, a slider, a script, B-roll, fanning, and they got like 700 views, 1,000 views, 200 views. And then one day, I was rushing a video out, and I shot it on my iMac built-in uh camera without any script, without any bullet points, with some rubbish Amazon mic that I bought for like $30, and it got half a million views. I I couldn't believe it. And people loved it and a lot of the comments were were saying, "Wow, this just it's like I'm in the room with you and you're just talking to me." >> And that was a real breakthrough for me just learning. >> People don't want perfection. Perfection scares people off sometimes because you can tell it's overproduced. It's not genuine. >> How does one run a sales call, conversation, discovery call, interview, whatever you want to call it. >> Yeah, it's so much easier than than I think people imagine. So when you get on a sales call, the first thing that you should be saying really is why are you here? What what's the problem? What what can we help you with? That is where any good sales call should start because that's why they're there. They have a problem. You have the solution. If they don't have a problem, well, the call should end pretty damn quickly because they're they're never going to buy something to solve a problem that that they don't have. Now, let's say that they have a problem. Then you would talk a little bit more about, well, how long have you had the problem? How serious is is the problem? Why do you want to solve the the problem? Are you in a position to to solve the problem? So, you'll kind of talk a bit more about the where they are now, where they want to get to. And one of my old mentors used to call it widening widening the gap between where they are, where they want to get to, and you are in the middle with the the solution. So, you start with the problem. You gather some intel on their background and where they would like to go. If you can genuinely get them there, then you'll say to them, "Well, listen, I think that I can help you with this. Would you mind if I tell you how, then you will uh deliver a pitch where you'll go through the program and what it is and why it is and what they get and all of that kind of kind of thing." And then with the their permission, you'll share the price with them. And then after the price, you're into the what what they call the close where they'll usually have some maybe a question, maybe an idea, maybe an objection to to cover with with you, which oftentimes is just fear usually, and then you it's your job to to work through that with them. Founders, the face of the business usually claws at about 35%. I I think that's that's the average that that I see. Sales reps, it's 20 to 25. So when you bring in a sales team, you have to sacrifice some some some close calls rate there. It just is what it is unfortunately. >> What are the pitfalls you see uh people make, especially beginners when they are doing these sales calls for the first time? >> The number one mistake that I see people make when it comes to sales calls, as crazy as this sounds, is not following the script. Now, a sales call is a process. We keep talking about processes and systems and a sales call is a process that helps you understand if they are a good fit and it helps them understand if this is right for them. >> That's why it's so important because otherwise without that it would be un unethical because they wouldn't understand and you wouldn't understand. >> So the main problem is not following the script or not having a well-built script. The second problem is, this kind of sounds weird, but being a bit too scared, being a bit too on edge, overthinking it, talk too much is a is a massive one. The the prospect is there to talk. You're there to listen. Okay, that's that that respect that you should should have for them for attending the call. And the third thing is not being able to handle objections and not understanding that objections are often just fear. they're just a bit scared and they don't or they don't maybe don't want to say it's a little bit too expensive when they don't know you've got a payment plan or or or something like that or they need to speak to someone and get someone's permission. Really, they don't. They just want to get off the call, get away from the pressure, then decide and and tell you later. The problem with that is though, they often will get scared and they'll just say, "Oh, no. I I I'll do it later." And then it never gets done. or they speak to their wife and their wife has a maybe a bad understanding of this industry and puts them off. Well, this could have changed their life. So, it's so important to hold them accountable. And if you're selling something great that is perfect for them, then it's it's you'd be lacking integrity to let them go without without coming on board. When I tell people that, hey, you know, this this thing you sell like could be a $5,000 thing. People people are like, what? Like surely no one would buy that because like I wouldn't buy that. My friends wouldn't buy that. Like I don't know any friends of mine unless they spent a lot of time with me who've bought an online course because they view online course or scam whereas I've bought a shon of online courses and I'm I consume them at double speed because it's like obviously it's the best way to learn. Um, and so this is such a difference between sort of I find that there's quite a lot of mindset work that needs to be done when someone comes into like our like academy for example to help them realize that it actually is possible to make money from people who are not like you because if you were the sort of person that would would never sign up to an online course as they would even be in our program but like I often say to them like you know you guys paid quite a lot of money to to be part of this program. What was it that made you you know buy like oh you know I've been watching your videos for years you know I feel I can trust you I'll kind of buy whatever you sell. Some people are like, "Oh, you know, I really thought about it and you know, I really liked the way you laid it out in the emails." I'm like, "Yeah, all of this is email marketing. All of this is the stuff that we're teaching you and all of this is like the process." Um, but I find that there's a lot of mindset gaps or people people just cannot believe that it's even vaguely possible that someone would >> want to buy a $5,000 equip alcohol thing. >> You you said that in such a great way. I had a YouTube comment uh this morning that that I spotted and a guy commented on one of my videos and he said something like, "Well, if I could just make 10K per month, that would completely change my life. I don't believe it when I see people like yourself talking about 100, 200, 300 plus,000 per month." And it made me think the world, the traditional education system, people just aren't taught this stuff. They they have to discover this stuff. >> I know it sounds ridiculous to make this much money. >> I just wish people would see that that it is actually possible because it is. I mean, I do it. You've done it. We know loads of people that that have done it. >> But to come back to your point, it just starts with seeing it and slowly understanding it. I think when you understand it, it makes a lot more sense. Like what we just covered with the the ad metrics and and the the steps. >> So I think if you see people making massive amounts of money and it seems a bit unbelievable >> to be fair, you know, trust but but verify. >> Right. >> And just learn and just look into the process and as you do that, your mindset will open. You'll be like, "Wow, >> actually I can see that. I can understand that." And as you understand it, eventually you'll be able to do it yourself. >> Yeah. Yeah, this is I think one of the biggest uh I've like a lot of the people who have uh are currently part of my team or have ever joined my team have said that like in the first like month they've just had this enormous like firmware update in their mind this massive level up where they're like oh I now know what's possible because they've most of them have never worked for a small business before they've only ever been cogs in a corporate machine where they don't see where the revenue is coming from the numbers are not even vaguely on the on the on their mind but just being able to see the Slack notifications that today we had eight people sign up to our YouTube academy and pay us $1,000 from not interacting with And we can see that like, oh, that that person clicked on the Facebook ad which was for our $27 thing. That person came in through our email list and they've been on the email list for three and a half years before they bought anything. I was like, okay, that's interesting. The this number of people bought this thing, you know, all the comments from people and it's like they start to see like, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is how money is made in this world and it just like completely breaks their mind. Um, and even things like where, you know, I paid, you know, quite a lot of money for your program, paid like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money to join this other program. And then team members are like, "Oh, fuck." Like I only just paid $60,000 for this like coach. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Just like like two years of a salary of a junior doctor in like one transaction. And it just breaks people's minds and it makes them realize that like, okay, 10K a month, that's that's like nothing in this in this world of like entrepreneurs and stuff. >> Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, I remember >> when that guy gave me $50. >> I just couldn't believe it. I that that was just it was my first ever experience of somebody giving me money >> just to tell them things >> that I knew. >> And it was really >> it just started to open my mind. And then when the two or three other people that I messaged on Twitter also bought it, I just thought I'd unlock some kind of magic parallel universe. Like, hold on a minute. It's possible for people to give me money to just tell them things that I know. And it was really interesting. That was the little mini breakthrough for me. And that's all it takes. And it doesn't have to come from a sale. It can come from maybe this video. Maybe people will watch this and finally realize, wow, it's actually real. You know, but that that's all it takes is just that one discovery to change everything. >> So, how do you deliver value >> when it comes to delivering value is you cannot beat one-to-one consulting? If you do one-to-one consulting, you will have the highest success rates of of of any way of delivering by by far. You can't beat it. Equally on the other side of that, if you're going to do a course, I would strongly suggest having some kind of human touch point in there. Group coaching, one-to-one, at least email or or chat support. People, for some strange reason, often feel bad about asking questions. And in some cases, I can understand why they maybe they're a bit nervous or they're not sure that it's a good or a bad question, but for some reason, people often don't ask questions. So, you have to be there for them. And WhatsApp chat works very well for that. Slack works very well for that. One-to-one group coaching can work very very well for that as well. Another big thing that I've learned is the minute that a customer comes in, you've kind of got a 24-hour window to make them feel comfortable and overcome kind of that natural buyer's remorse. Okay. The way that we do that, we get them in a WhatsApp with me. We give them a welcome dock that maps out what they've got access to and also a timeline broken down by week. And I voice note them as fast as possible. The minute I see that chat, I voice note them. Yeah. welcome them in and that works wonders for just making people feel good about about starting the process. >> So having those two things can work very well especially a process you can have a notion board which works very well or even just a Google doc can can work very well. So that's that's very important. From there, a well-built training program is critical broken down into weeks or you can even do in into months if it's a longer program. And it has to be structured the exact way that things need to be done for them to get the the outcome. As simple as that sounds. I've seen programs in the past, they're just a mess. You've got to think what do they need to do first, then then then, and as they go. And if you build the program in that manner and you support them and hold their hand, so many people are going to be successful with with the program. >> What are your thoughts on guarantees? >> I'm very conflicted when it comes to guarantees because most p people use them in the wrong way. I know a few people that have a guarantee when they really shouldn't because they trap you in the contract so you can never claim it anyway. And if you if if it's used in that way, it's just a bit it's it's it's it's a bit sketchy. There's a right way and a wrong way to use a guarantee. Like we don't have a guarantee. We just say to people, listen, we can't guarantee it. It's it's simply not guaranteed. And if you feel bad about that, don't come in. You know, I think that's the right way to use a guarantee. Equally, we had a guarantee in the old company, but it was very bloody simple. is watch the training program, track your trades for three months, follow the strategy properly, send us the evidence and if you do that and some people did do that and we did refund them as well. U so if you use a guarantee in the right way I think it's very beneficial just just use them in the right way and sometimes you don't even need them >> as well. Oh but this sounds like a lot of work. I already have a full-time job. I've already like you know I've got kids and like you know by the time I get home from work I have no energy. like uh and like they they claim to want the thing and I'm sometimes amazed by the audacity of what they want relative to how much they're willing to put in in terms of like yeah I want a sixf figure lifestyle business where I can work four hours a week. It's like okay you know six figures put you in the top 1% of earners in the UK. It's like you know people train for 20 years in like medical school and specialy training to make 100 grand like and you want that within like six months by working four hours a week. Okay. U but like you know so there's a little bit of unrealistic expectations I think here. But in your in your in your experience like how much work or effort or time does it take someone who maybe actually has a job to be able to whip up one of these like online education businesses? >> For sure. It does come down to how much time and energy they can put in. So, for example, we've had people come into our done for you program and build a business from complete scratch and launch it within four to six weeks, but they were putting in hours, they were putting in energy, they were I I would say a little more than kind of part-time, one or two hours a day, let's say. Equally, some people do less than that and it takes double to triple the the time. So, it I would say if you've got an hour a day, you are going to be able to do this very successfully. If you've got more than that, you're just going to get there a hell of a lot faster. So, I would say about an hour a day is is the baseline. I find that people that start with maybe an hour a day, when it starts working, that quickly becomes two or three or four hours a day, and it really starts to compound on it. So, I actually I woke up this morning. I was in bed. I grabbed my phone. I was lying next to Lauren, my girlfriend, and I went on my Instagram, and I there was a message. guy pressed play on the message and it was a guy I had one hour of consulting with about two years ago and he'd left me a really lovely voice note just saying hey will we haven't spoke in a very long time just to let you know that consulting session that we had man it changed my life I've learned so much from that and watching your YouTube I just got this amazing career opportunity with this big YouTube guy and it all came from that that one hour session that we had like two years ago and one thing that that he mentioned in a text just above that was the fact that the more success he saw for the more excited he got, the more excited he got, the harder he worked, the harder he worked, the better opportunities he got. And it really does start to compound on itself. And when I'm not sure how you felt about this, but for me, the money paired with the feedback, it's just so exciting and it's just so so intoxicating because you know that you're making life-changing money for you and your family and your friends, but you're really helping people, adding value to the world. Those two things together, it really is it is the best thing in the world. >> Yeah. A lot of people starting these online education businesses will be worried that like h but will it work for me? Like will I be able to actually do this cuz I can see examples of people doing it but like you know Ali Abdal's got all these followers or like Will Brown I mean he's been doing it for years or like person X is just like really good-looking or person Y has all this money from their dad or like whatever. A lot of people will find reasons to think that they can't do it. And I find that in a way like with the with with our students the ones who were very are very successful professionally will have almost even more imposter syndrome than the people who are just sort of like having a punt at the age of 19 or whatever because once you sort of been if you've been a good student and you've ticked the boxes and done the qualifications and got the degrees and stuff you have a really high bar to thinking that you're even good at anything at all because probably for a lot of them from having had quite a lot of Zoom calls with our students it's like there's this negative motivation of like I'm not enough and I if I just do more of these things I will eventually become worthy dot dot dot dot dot and then they have all this imposter syndrome about starting their own business >> 100% I can completely understand how people might think that what I find is for me it's really comforting to just remind people that everybody started from zero you started from zero I started from from zero of my parents spare room with a $50 word document I think it's nice to just bring the the levels down a little bit of all the over o over overthinking and often One thing that I find is, and I mean no, no offense to these people, but the stupider people generally get better, faster results because they don't overthink it. They just maybe falsely believe, oh, this is definitely going to work for me. Like, it's worked for him. It's worked for him. It's worked for him. If they can do it, I can do it. And they just have this amazing mindset and self-belief, and they just don't have those limiting thoughts. But for the people that do have the limiting thoughts and limiting beliefs, I just find it really useful to just think, listen, we're all the same. We're just humans w with brains. If I can do it, if you can do it, anyone can do it as long as they just again get the inputs right to get the outputs right, put in some effort, put in some time and work, and you can do it. You can just bloody do it. >> There's almost a also a fear of doing things that don't scale at the start. I've spoken to a lot of people that are like, "Yeah, but like I don't want to do one-on-one Zoom calls because like, you know, that's not scalable." And like, you know, I I want to chill on the beach and never have to do Zoom call kind of >> Oh, so many things come come to mind when when you say that. Well, listen, everything has its up upside. Everything has its downside, right? So, if you're just selling a course, which you can do, you could just sell a course on its own from a sales page. Well, that's great. But the problem is then customers are less likely to succeed because there's no help. There's no handholding or support. And there's a cap on your price because you can only charge so much for a course. So there's good, but there's bad. And equally on the other side, a coaching program, you can charge way more for it. You're going to make a lot lot more money through it. Customers will get way better results as well because you're there with them in the trenches helping them. >> But then the downside is you've got to kind of do a bit of work as well. So, you've got to find the thing that works the best for you. You just got to get get your hands dirty and and and just kind of test these things out to find what's what's right for you. >> Nice. Okay. What would be the simplest way to get to 10K a month? Having now just talked about this whole process. >> Yeah. Oh, the simplest way to get started on the journey towards 10K per month. First, you have to take the leap of faith and and start and commit to the process. That that goes without saying. From there, you need to gain an understanding of what to do and then of why you're actually doing it as well. You need to put that fundamental knowledge in place first so you understand the inputs and outputs. >> Y >> then take action, track your progress, ask for help uh as and when you you need it. If you don't get started, this is going to be a dream. It's going to stay a dream and nothing is ever going to happen. Just if you're on the fence and you're nervous, just go and do your research to the point where you understand the the process that we've talked about because usually with understanding, you'll then get excited because you'll you'll be like, "Wow, I can actually do this." And then when you get that feeling of, "Oh my god, it's real. I can do it." Take action and do not stop until it becomes real. >> Brilliant. Well, Brown, thank you very much. Thank you for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mackoco_on_tele_gram [30 likes]: Appreciate all your time showing us the mindset and analytical fundamentals !
  2. @CedricHalvane [15 likes]: I've officially made $558,685 💰But the real flex
isn't making money... it's building generational wealth.Anybody can get rich for a moment. The hard part is teaching your family how to keep it, grow it, and pass the mindset down for generations. Wealth without wisdom disappears fast....……                                                ………
  3. @aliabdaal [5 likes]: Apply to join the Lifestyle Business Academy: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytp10k
  4. @OttavioGrimaldi [5 likes]: Why are you inviting grifters and fake gurus onto your platform? Do some research.
  5. @MattCharlesP [3 likes]: Don't walk - run from this sort of BS content.
  6. @RyanFowlerSOS [2 likes]: I'm working with William. He is the real deal.
  7. @TheNormallyOpen [1 likes]: Create courses and videos on how to teach people to make $10k per month, the revenue then comes from others wanting to teach others to make $10k per month.....
  8. @robinmoment1q [1 likes]: Seeking professional advice is essential for navigating the complexities of building a solid financial portfolio.
  9. @KMTGlobal.: No.1 Bullshit Guy.
  10. @regina_peace_in_the_world: I help people with chronic health problems so it's not something you can put a price on it. I'm sure others also have this subjective type of product.
  11. @abdulrahim7216: when he says i don't believe in niche i just stopped the video 😂
  12. @Capper-i7g: the $50 customer is the whole case study.

not because it’s big money. because it proves the internet stopped being theoretical and a stranger trusted the offer enough to pay. $10k/month is just that moment repeated without flinching.
  13. @AJ_Alive: Just started my YouTube channel good luck to all new YouTubers!
  14. @AbdullahBSharif: People underestimate how difficult it is to stay relevant on YouTube for years while still evolving your content. Respect.
  15. @SamOwen-u4m: What a great video, watched it all in one sitting! Just finding out about this guy William. Loving what i'm finding. Just ordered his book
  16. @ArchanaNShetty: Going from a fifty dollar Word document to a sixteen million dollar education business is one of those journeys where the early scrappiness is actually the most instructive part, not the scale that came later. The five step roadmap is clean, but the part on what to do when you feel you have no skill to teach is the one most people actually need, because that is where most journeys quietly end before they begin. Curious, in your view what is the most common mistake people make at the offer stage that quietly limits the whole business later on?
  17. @PeacefulHaven_Vibes: Cheers to future $10K per monthers!
  18. @crankin77: Yeh he’s missed the mark on the niche part when most of this audience likely watches Hormozi who’s motto is “riches in niches” and Wil’s entire channel talks to niched down clients.
  19. @Diaxminator: 30:55 lol
  20. @its-amit-404: 2 of the GOATs

- The Cost of Getting Rich: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to [music] be going through seven habits that made me a bunch of money when I was in my 20s. They were all [music] unhealthy in one way or another. Yes, it's very good to become financially free and make all the money and stuff, and it is also good to have [music] a balanced life and not be sacrificing the things that are more important than money on route [music] to getting there. Oh, and by the way, if we haven't met yet, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur, and on this YouTube channel since 2017, [music] I've been documenting the journey from being a broke-ass medical student to then working full-time as a doctor to then becoming a multi-million dollar entrepreneur [music] and best- selling author. And my goal with this channel is to document the lessons that I've learned and the lessons I'm continuing [music] to learn, partly as a reminder for myself, and also in the hope that you will find something that is useful on your own journey of building a life you love. All right, habit number one is what I like to call the zero downtime habit. And to this day, I carry this laptop bag, this what, camera bag everywhere I go. And I've been doing this for years, so much so to the point that when my wife and I started dating like many years ago, she referred to it as my safety blanket because, like a child, I had to carry my safety blanket everywhere I went, otherwise I would feel weird. And the reason for this is that, in particular, while I was in my 20s grinding away on building my business, I would not allow myself to have any downtime. Anytime there was a spare moment or where a normal person more likely would take out their phone and like scroll Instagram or TikTok or whatever, I would instead bust out the laptop, and I would try and do as much work as I possibly could in that time and almost like play this as like a challenge or a game a game with myself where I'm like squeezing out productivity and efficiency out of these like minutes of downtime here and there. There was almost no moment that I gave myself when I was sort of in the build phase of building the business of like actually allowing myself to chill out. Now, the obvious benefit to this is that you actually just end up with a way more time to grind on the thing that you want to be grinding on. One of my friends, Matthew Dicks, he's a great writer and a teacher, and he tells the story of how like whatever you're trying to do, you probably don't have huge amounts of free time on your hands to be able to work on the thing, especially if you're trying to like if you've got a day job and you're trying to do a side hustle at the same time, like trying to build your business or I don't know, write a book or whatever. And so, actually squeezing out productivity and efficiency out of those tiny ass moments of time here and there that we [music] get throughout the day instead of using that time scrolling or using that time merely enjoying enjoying the taste of a cup of coffee. That time actually does make a difference [music] in how much progress you're able to make in your business, and it does genuinely add up. As with all of the habits in this video, this kind of habit comes at a cost. [music] The cost is obviously you lose some sense of presence. You lose some sense of like dancing through life and actually just being able to take [music] a moment to rest and reflect and like just be present in the moment. And what it results, at least for me, and speaking to a lot of my entrepreneur friends, is you [music] end up training this muscle to the point that it genuinely becomes difficult to switch off. I now have to set rules for myself where I'm like, Ali, you're not allowed to work on the weekend. And then I get around those rules to be like, well, it's not really work if you consider it fun, right? So then I I literally change the rule for myself so I'm like, I'm not allowed to do anything on the weekend that would look like [music] work to someone else. So I'm not judging what what work is. An impartial, reasonable, objective observer is judging does that thing actually look like work. And I find that rule to be very helpful because then I'm like, okay, well, that means I can't do quite a lot of things I would want to do. Okay, maybe I'll read some Harry Potter fan fiction or I'll like, I don't know, go for a walk without my phone or something like that. Should you adopt the habit of having no downtime into your life? I don't know. This video is not a advice. It's not a video about whether you should do anything or not. I'm just giving you the information be like, this worked for me when I was in my 20s, and it also had some, how do we say, unhealthy implications [music] that I'm trying to unlearn now. And so, up to you. You can take it or leave it. Now we come to habit number two. Habit number two is the habit of constant consumption. This is a habit that really helped me when I was, you know, in the first like many years of building my business, which is that if I was in a situation where I physically couldn't get out my laptop and work, I was always consuming something often related to work or related to the business. So I'd be listening to podcasts about business, I'd be listening to audiobooks about business, I'd be listening to YouTube videos at double speed about business. If I was in bed, I'd be reading books on my Kindle about business and about how to make more money and how to grow YouTube channels and you know, all that kind of stuff. And so for absolutely years, I basically didn't have many moments of like rest. Even when I was doing things like commuting to work [music] or like on the toilet, I would always have my AirPods in and always be listening to something or other, like constantly getting like injecting [music] all of this business advice and stuff into my veins. Now, the benefit of this is that, especially if you're a noob to the world of business like I was back in the day, you actually end up leveling up quite a lot by learning from other people that have been on the journey before. That was super super super helpful in drastically leveling up my knowledge of business. Not my skills, cuz skills require practice, but at least my knowledge of like stuff. It was also really helpful because then I was able to do all of those things without actively making time for them. It just sort of happened while I was doing all these other things. But again, the downside and what makes this feel slightly unhealthy, especially now that I'm looking back on it in hindsight, is that A, it's not a particularly present or mindful way to live where you're constantly injecting information through your AirPods at like 3x speed. It's very easy to miss any kind of nuance and to really like reflect and engage deeply with what you're listening to when it's like just firehose of information into your into your brain. The other downside, which is something that I'm I'm now realizing, is that more information does not actually result in more progress. For many years while I was in my 20s, I thought that like the thing that was >> [music] >> stopping my business from growing was that I just didn't know enough stuff. And so the more books I would listen to or the more books I would read or the more pop- podcasts I would listen to, maybe there would be this like magical idea out there that like I just hadn't come across before. Even if I was thinking about [music] the business, thinking about what is the bottleneck right now that's stopping us from 10xing the business, and then just thinking about that for an hour rather than listening to an hour worth of audiobook, that probably would have actually resulted in a greater a greater impact on the business rather than me listening to the 500th audiobook about business like, you know, in that decade. All right, by the way, if you're at this point in the video, then you're probably a very intelligent, you're probably very good-looking, and you're probably serious about leveling up in your work and in your life, which is where the sponsor of this video comes in, and that is Skillshare. Skillshare is a wonderful online platform with thousands and thousands of creative classes taught by real people, including me. I've been teaching on Skillshare since 2019. I've got a really good class on video editing, if I say so myself. I have a class on how to get started with Notion. I have a class on productivity for creators. But recently, I've been getting into drawing because I decided I wanted to have more things that were like less productive. And so I took the how to draw class by Brent Eviston, and it's been a nice way to get started with learning how to how to draw and like doodling in the evenings and sort of sketching things out, and that has been a very nice way of switching off from screens and sort of reconnecting with my soul and my creativity and stuff. Skillshare is nice because it genuinely is humans connecting with other humans, and they don't just teach you the skill, they also give you a class project that you can work through alongside learning the skill, and then you can share your class project with other people, and you can see what other people's projects are, and you can learn from them. So if you're interested in trying out Skillshare, and if you're one of the first 500 people to use the link in the video description, you will get 1 month completely for free. So thank you again, Skillshare, for sponsoring this video and for being the place that I've been putting my online classes since 2019. So it's been a very long time. Anyway, thank you, Skillshare, and let's get back to the video. Habit number three is the habit of constantly thinking about your work. For me, the way this manifested was in a few different ways. Firstly, I'd be thinking about work all the [music] time, I'd be thinking about it in the shower, I'd be thinking about it while when driving to my actual day job, I'd be thinking about it on my lunch breaks. All of those things are fine. But where it became [music] more unhealthy, shall we say, was when I would be thinking about it while spending time with friends and family. A lot of the times I was physically present, but in hindsight, I was not actually present because either I was thinking about [music] work or I was literally like busting out my laptop on the dining table, on the kitchen table rather than hanging out with my mom and grandma. And if you decide to incorporate this kind of habit into your life, the benefit you'll get is that basically the more time you're spending [music] consciously or subconsciously thinking about the thing that you need to do to make money, your business, whatever the thing might be, that level of focus often results in interesting ideas. Most people will have breakthroughs in their business not when they're sitting on their desk, but when they're maybe in the shower or maybe driving to work. But obviously, the cost of this is that [music] it can often cost um something in your personal relationships. And this is a difficult habit to [music] break. I am currently trying to unlearn the habit of constantly thinking about work stuff. I have some friends and mentors who are also entrepreneurs and who have kids that are older than mine, and so it's they've been parents for longer. And [music] one thing they've advised is that like, you know, having a kid is the way is like a very good like reason to try and actually learn the habit of being present and not just having the sub-routine of like, what's the next thing to do in the [music] business and running all the time. So these days when I'm like spending time with my daughter, I'm trying my best to approach it with true presence rather than putting in the time without really putting in the sort of mental headspace, if that makes sense. Okay, so let's talk about habit number four, shirking your other responsibilities. In my case, and as is the case for a lot of entrepreneurs I know who are now quite rich, it's very very rare to have a fully, shall we say, balanced life while you're in the grind phase of building up the business. So for me, I started building my first successful business while I was in medical school. Honestly, I kind of half-assed medical school for 6 years because my mind was always focused on this other thing of of building the business. Similarly, when I was working as a doctor, the discretionary time that I had at work, like in lunch breaks and after work and like on the on the way to work and, you know, all that kind of stuff, my friends who were really really really into medicine and who were whole-assing their medical careers, they were using that additional time to boost up their CV or to do research projects or to do audits or to create like presentations for conferences and stuff. And I was sort of doing the bare minimum of that just to sort of tick the boxes, and I was spending all of the rest of that discretionary time working on the business. And to be honest, this is a pattern you see amongst [music] any sort of outlier success in any field, whether it's entrepreneurship or sports or acting or music or anything like that, which is it's really really hard to do something at a really high standard if you're focusing on more than just that one thing. Now, for most people who watch my stuff, if you are building business, it's probably something you're going to start out building on the side of your like main gig, like whatever the things you're doing at university, whatever your career is. And so you kind of have to recognize that probably, unless you're particularly superhuman at this, cuz I certainly wasn't, like your main thing is going to suffer as a result of you building your side thing. Whether you want to make that trade is entirely up to you. I'm personally glad I made the trade for myself, but also survivorship bias. It worked out for me. But if for whatever reason the business thing didn't work out or I did want to go back to medicine, I have I'm behind. Relatively speaking. All right, let's talk about habit number five, the health sacrifice. So, when I was in the early days of building the business, actually for for many many years, I realized that shopping for groceries and cooking healthy food were things that were taking up way too much time. And I decided that I would rather invest that time into stuff in the business rather than into cooking and eating healthy food. The benefit of this was that it saved me many, many hours every single week that I was able [music] to then put into the business to grow the business and make more money. The downside obviously is that I then ended up living off takeaways for most of my 20s. And so there is a certain level of health sacrifice that I made in my 20s for the sake of grinding on the business. Now that I'm in my 30s, I'm trying you know I've got a personal trainer, I see a physio, I'm trying to reverse the damage of like guys did to my posture and like trying to activate [music] my glutes and hamstrings cuz I never knew what those were because I was just like sitting and grinding on a computer all the time. My cardiovascular health is worse than it would have been had I sort of taken better care of like my arteries and stuff by not eating like fatty and healthy foods when I was in my 20s. Do I think you have to make that sacrifice? I don't think so. These days there are a lot of like super healthy takeout options, but for me when I was in my 20s it just wasn't really a priority. It wasn't really something I thought about. If I had my time again, I would still do takeouts, but I would find a way to really optimize the health side [music] of the takeout so I wasn't living off of like kebab rolls and and you know, that kind of stuff. Habit number six that I developed which was slightly unhealthy is being okay with wasting money. So if for example I wanted to buy something like a tech purchase or something for work or something for the studio or like whatever, instead of spending ages doing the research to figure out like what's the best thing that I would want to buy. If it was if it was below a certain price point, I would just order the thing without thinking about it. Then I would forget about it. Then it would arrive in the post and then I would try it out to see if it actually fulfilled fulfilled the needs that I wanted it to fulfill. Now quite a lot of time, I would say maybe 80% of the time, the answer was no and I didn't end up continuing to use the thing. And so then I've got this tech which I've just bought that's just sitting there doing absolutely nothing. And so I would either give it away to a charity shop I had like a donations box where I would like drop things off to Oxfam every now and then or I would give it away to a friend or if it was something low value I would just stick it in the bin. Now the benefit of adopting this kind of attitude into your life is that again you just get very, very ruthless about how you are spending your time. And if you think something is not worth your time, then you don't bother doing it. Which means that you probably have more time to be able to focus on like revenue generating activities in your business. The downside is that it ends up creating waste. It's probably bad for the environment and it's probably not good for the soul to just be able to press a button and buy whatever you want and then try it out and then almost like discard it. And you know I would I would I would reason with myself I'd be like oh I'm giving it away to a charity shop or I'm giving it away to a friend and like so it's not like fully wasted. But even so, there is something about that wastage that is probably suboptimal for the soul. And so that was like the cost I paid for having this attitude of being okay with waste. It's something my wife and I clash about to this day. She's very anti-waste. I am still struggling to unlearn the habit of like being put wasteful when it comes to like buying things cuz I'm still ingrained in the mindset of like well, why would I bother spending two hours doing the research if it's like it's not worth the time of doing the research. You know, you know all of that kind of stuff. And then habit number seven relates to this point of is this worth my time? Now there is advice [music] in the world of entrepreneurship that says that you should figure out what is your effective hourly rate or your aspirational hourly rate. So if for example my hourly rate is $100 an hour and I've ordered a $25 thing, but it would take me half an hour to like try and return the thing if I don't actually need it. That half an hour is costing me $50, but I'm only getting back $25 and so why would I bother? You know, that kind of idea. I thought this was great because then I realized I figured out what my effective hourly rate was based on how much money I was making in the business at the time when I was in my early 20s. I figured out what my aspirational hourly rate was which was a lot higher than that. And it gave me license to just to not do a lot of things and to be okay with like wasting a lot of money because I reasoned that it wasn't worth the hourly rate. The benefit of this is that you then actually delete quite a lot of errands and chores here and there that actually end up taking quite a lot of time. So for example based on this was why I decided to hire a cleaner fairly early on in my like professional career. However, as with all of these habits, it does come with a cost. And the cost is that it becomes very easy to start [music] thinking of everything in life from this lens of what is the hourly rate. I tried my best when I was a wee lad to try and not over apply this particular razor, to not think about it in context of like French friendships or relationships or anything like that because you really don't want to be starting to think of like oh well, you know, I hung out with my mate for two hours. That's [music] 500 pounds that I've just wasted. You know, you you really don't want to be thinking in in in those ways, but it is hard. It is something that you have to actively fight against. And it sort of runs the risk of turning time that you spend on anything into like into a pure time equals money kind of trade. And then when you start running this calculation, you're like huh, is it really worth me I don't know reading a book for half an hour because like you know, that's 250 quid. Is it really worth me driving all the way to see a friend because maybe the driving time. So can I be productive in the driving time or do I really want to go? It's kind of far away. I could be working on the business instead to earn more money. And so even this is I think a good habit and I certainly wouldn't change it if I had my time again. Like with all these habits, it can be a double-edged sword that it's worth that's worth keeping in mind if you're going to start adopting that kind of philosophy into your life. Now ultimately for me, all of the habits that I've talked about here actually did end up serving me. They allowed me to build a business while I was in med school and then later build a business, grow my YouTube channel while I was working full-time as a doctor and all of that has allowed me to become financially free and be able to kind of do what I want and live a life that I love. So I don't regret any of that. However, one thing that I've realized is that these sorts of habits I think are useful for a season, but they're not very useful when you apply them to your whole life. And the habits that help you get rich seem to conflict from what I've learned with the habits that actually lead to a happy, fulfilled and peaceful life. It's very useful to constantly value your time and only and never do anything that's beneath your hourly rate when you are trying to build a business. But man, if you're trying to run a household, if you're married and you have a wife and you have a child and like stuff in the household needs to be done and you're running everything by that calculation of like is this really worth my time? Takes you to places that you don't really want to get to in in your relationship. When I speak to entrepreneurs who are much older than me like in their 50s or 60s or whatever, almost all of them say that like it's okay to take a break on the weekends and in fact it's a good thing because like it helps you come up with more creative ideas and it helps you rejuvenate you and rest and all that kind of stuff. Like no one who is in their like 50s or 60s that I've spoken to about this says even once you've made it made it, you're still like grinding away on the weekends and stuff even even while you have like a wife and a kid. It sort of feels like the muscle of being productive and grinding away on the business is is like for me that muscle has been overtrained. So it's sort of like unlearning that is not as straightforward as I would have thought it would be. Still a journey that I'm I'm trying to navigate because I do want to grow the business. It is super fun and it does fund like the lifestyle that we have. And also it's not the most important thing. I have a wife and a kid. I do want to take care of my health. I do want to explore more home more hobbies. So I guess maybe a takeaway from this video is that if you are actively trying to get rich, in general the more time you spend thinking about and working towards the goal of getting rich, the more time and effort and energy and focus you spend on that, the more likely it is to happen. However, time, energy and focus are a finite resource. And so the more time you spend working on the goal of getting rich, the less time you're going to be spending on everything else. For me, I'm very glad about how I spent my 20s grinding away on the business and trying to maximize productivity. But at the same time, it does come with costs. And so either you're willing to pay those costs or you've actually ideally you find a way to grind on your business and get rich without having to sacrifice other things that you particularly care about. I think ultimately whatever game you're playing, whether it's the game of trying to build a business or trying to get forward in your career or trying to get better better grades in school or trying to get rich or not like what whatever game you're playing, one lesson that I'm learning right now is that there are different strategies that work for different seasons. And ultimately what I'm trying to remember for me, we're not optimizing for trying to maximize the dollars in the bank account. We're actually optimizing like all of us are optimizing for peace, happiness, fulfillment, joy, all of that kind of stuff. Dollars in the bank account, yes it does lead to financial freedom which can lead to time freedom and creative freedom. So it's amazing. It's fantastic. And it is also not the only thing that matters. Like for me my 20s was like strategically imbalanced in favor of like making money and less in terms of like turning the dials down in terms of like health and relationships. But now that I'm in my 30s, I want to dial down the focus on making of the money while still maintaining that and dial up the focus on health, relationships, joy, family, peace, fulfillment, all of that kind of stuff. And if you go into this point in the video and you haven't yet seen my video about my 168 hours spreadsheet, it's basically about like how to make time for everything where like the key takeaway from that video is that you cannot make time for everything. And so if you're interested in that one, that'll be linked right over there. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlinaStormrider [28 likes]: I turned 68 this year. Last month alone I made $96,000, but the moment that made me cry wasn't the money - it was seeing my whole family around one dinner table after everything we survived together. There were years I truly thought life was over for me. Keep fighting. Your current situation can change in one season.
  2. @Mary-x5 [16 likes]: Retired at 38, earning 45K biweekly… but honestly, the money isn't even the highlight. What means the most is having a family that stood by me when life was tough. I'm living the life I once prayed for. If you're still fighting your battles, don't lose hope — your season is coming. ❤
  3. @aliabdaal [1 likes]: Join the Six-Figure Lifestyle Business Masterclass on 4th May: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytp7unhealthyhabits
  4. @SaadRaza-c7h [1 likes]: This is the video I wish existed three years ago when I was making the exact tradeoff you're describing. The honest framing here is what separates it from the usual hustle content. Most productivity channels either glorify the grind or preach balance without acknowledging the real tension between the two. What resonated most was the idea that the price isn't always obvious until you've already paid it. That retrospective clarity is something you can only get from someone who's actually been through both sides. More of this reflective stuff, please.
  5. @shayan4197: very refreshing and honest. also love the cafe setup
  6. @Starup2020cuongnguyen: Cảm ơn . tôi ở việt Nam tôi được biết đến kênh của bạn thông qua AI geminia gợi ý. Rất hay và bổ ích. Tôi muốn video có thêm phần lồng tiếng để xem hiểu rõ hơn.
  7. @mr.random8447: Money is life
  8. @leslysandra: thanks for sharing! super interesting. I'm in mu 30s using the super productive side to catch in life and I think I could do it without sacrificing much if I automate work stuff with AI 🌚
  9. @calk12345678: I am doing most of what this video saying but not going into a positive direction with my business
  10. @mdsiamalrafi: Love this video
  11. @Medo99x: dude it seems to me that u are an addict, and u need treatment :)
  12. @Rampage1Rules: This lifestyle isn't for me personally it's very unhealthy but glad it worked out for Ali
  13. @HumanLawOfficial: “As a student, I’m trying these methods and documenting my journey on my channel 🚀”
  14. @notquitelegends: Thank you for this video Ali
  15. @saifchowdhury3581: 10-15 years of grind in 20s and 30s is a good sacrifice for 40-50 years of relatively relaxed life. ❤
  16. @Rishab20-d1r: I like your formula of achieving any goals 

Time, energy, focus, money optional)
  17. @Cyanntific: @Cyanntific
0 seconds ago
The newest On Purpose episode is sooooo relevant to this video, highly recommended watching it after this. Both videos are very great and so excellent!
  18. @Sam_maruti: Thankyou for validating this but when I was ceo , I lived one of the best part of my life and I wouldn't trade it for anything ❤
  19. @coachkusumadewi: I love how you breakdown pros and cons equally ❤ great video
  20. @jofieraymond6528: At what point would you feel like? You have accumulated enough money and success to step away from the workplace question mark I see you have a family. And I wonder if maybe, instead of work life balance, you could just have life balance without the work considering your position at the moment.

- The Only Investing Video You’ll Ever Need (Start With $0): Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so let's say you want to get started with this investing thing. [music] You might have a bit of money saved. It's probably not enough for a house, but you decide you should probably invest in something. You could invest in stocks and shares, government bonds, corporate bonds, real estate, foreign exchange, crypto, NFTs, futures, fine art, watches, or maybe you've got that one friend who bought Bitcoin in 2013 or Nvidia in like 2015. And then that person got super rich and you're like, "Whoa, like man, if only I'd done that, I'd have been like mega rich without having to do any work." So there's all these dreams, there's all this confusion, and then on top of all of this, there is the very real fear that you might actually lose all of this money that you've worked so hard to save. So in light of all of this, this is my updated ultimate guide to investing for beginners. And so we're going to split this video up into four parts, which are time-stamped so you can skip around if you feel like it. In part one, we're going to talk about the basics and the philosophy behind [music] investing. Then we're going to talk about why and how to invest your money and some nuances around that. Thirdly, we're going to talk about common fears and questions and concerns like, "What if I lose all my money?" And then in part four, we're going to talk about fast lane investing, which is an alternative approach to building wealth. So, with that said, let's dive in. Part one, the philosophy and the basics of investing. Okay, so let's start with the basics and let's start by asking the question, what's actually the point of investing in the first place? Now a lot of people I speak to have the experience where they've managed to save up some amount of money, maybe it's a few thousand pounds, a few thousand dollars, and they're feeling pretty good about it because now they have a safety net and they're being financially responsible. But if you're interested in investing, then you probably know that if that money is just sitting there in your bank account, it's actually losing value every single day. And that is thanks to a wonderful thing called inflation, where essentially over time your money loses its purchasing power. And so obviously a thousand dollars today buys you less stuff than a thousand dollars did three years ago or a thousand dollars did 20 years ago. The thousand dollars is theoretically the same. It's just that everything else has gone more expensive and therefore you can buy less stuff with the same amount of money. Now the whole point of investing is to be able to put our money somewhere where it makes more money. Firstly, to counteract the effects of inflation, and secondly, if we can beat inflation, then it means like the more you invest, the more money you make, the more it compounds over time, and then that is one of the the for building wealth. So if the point of investing is to magically grow your money, you might be thinking, "Okay, but like how does investing actually make you money?" And here we're going to introduce the term asset. An asset is a thing that puts money in your pocket. So, for example, if you think about buying a house and then putting it on rent, you kind of make money in two separate ways from that particular equation. Firstly, you buy the house and then you put it on rent, therefore you get rental income coming in from your tenants every month, and that puts money in your pocket. And secondly, hopefully the value of the house also goes up over time. This is called capital appreciation. So, let's say you win a million dollars in the lottery and you put all of it into buy a house in cash, and you're able to rent out that house for, I don't know, $2,000 a month. Every year you're making $24,000 in rental income from the house. And maybe if you sell the house 10 years later, maybe it'll be worth 1.5 million. And so, you've theoretically made an extra 500,000 from the capital appreciation of the property. In reality, of course, you probably use a mortgage, in reality there's property taxes, there's like inflation itself, and all sorts of more complicated factors, but essentially in this context you are earning money through rental income and through appreciation of the asset itself. Now, houses are an interesting example because they're quite easy to visualize. Like you can imagine theoretically owning a house and then theoretically becoming a landlord and having someone pay you rent because you probably pay rent to someone else. And so, most people when they think of investing, they think, "I should get on the property ladder in some degree, especially if your parents were into that sort of stuff many decades ago." But for the most part, for most people, owning a house is actually a relatively inaccessible thing if you are just getting started with investing. And so, we want to be looking to alternative asset classes. Now, there is a long list of assets that you could potentially choose to invest in. There is stocks, shares, and equities, which is sort of the same thing. There are hedge funds, there are index funds, there are government bonds, there are corporate bonds, there are fancy watches, there's fine art, there is crypto, of course. And a lot of this stuff can get very complicated very quickly, so we are going to simplify things, and we're going to be focusing on stocks and shares. The reason we're going to be talking about stocks and shares, and this is most sensible people's recommendation when it comes to investing your money. Firstly, because it is very accessible to normal people like you and me. Secondly, you don't need a huge amount of money to get started, unlike buying a property. Thirdly, you don't need to take on huge amounts of risk, unlike something like crypto. And fourthly, you don't need to be an accredited investor of any kind. Like, for the most part, normal people can just buy stocks and shares. Part two, why and how to invest in stocks and shares. So, what does it actually mean to buy a stock or a share? Well, when you're investing in stocks and shares, you're basically buying a small percentage ownership in the company that you're investing in. So, let's say I wanted to buy shares in Apple. But first, let's answer the question of what even is the point of owning, for example, Apple stock. And the point is that there are two ways to make money from stock. The first way you make money from investing in stocks is that the value of the company increases over time, and therefore the value of your stocks or shares increases over time. Secondly, certain companies pay what they call dividends. For example, in the UK there is a company called BT, British Telecom, that pays dividends. And so, if you own a piece of BT, even if it's just like a tiny percentage, you're not just hoping that the price increases over time, they are also literally paying out some of their profits to their shareholders. So, we've established that there are two ways to make money from stocks and shares. The next question we have to get to is, how do you choose which companies you want to invest in? Maybe you have an iPhone and you're like, "Man, Apple seems pretty good." Maybe you're like, "AI stuff seems interesting. I should invest in Nvidia." Maybe you're an Elon fanboy and you're like, "Man, I should invest in Tesla." Maybe you watch loads of Netflix and you're like, "Man, I should invest in Netflix." Now, here the advice from most sensible people who give advice about this stuff, not me, I'm not a financial advisor, but sensible people who are, basically say you should not try and pick stocks. This is a wonderful book by chap called JL Collins. This was is like how I got started with investing like 10-plus years ago. He says, "You should not try and stock pick." Warren Buffett himself says, "You should not try and actively pick stocks." In general, there is a better and safer approach to investing, and that is to buy an index fund. So, what is an index fund? Well, an index fund can be divided into two words, index [music] and fund. So, a fund is basically just like a group of stocks and shares. And then the index component means that the fund tracks a particular stock market index. So, for example, in the US there is a very famous stock market index called the S&P 500, which is basically the top 500 biggest companies in the US. For example, at the time that I'm recording this video, Nvidia makes up 7.18% of the S&P 500. Apple makes up 6 and a bit percent. Microsoft makes up 4 and a bit percent. Other companies that you have heard of are Amazon, Alphabet, which is the parent company of Google, Meta, which is the parent company of Facebook and Instagram. And interestingly, company number 498 out of 500 is Match Group, which is the company that owns the dating apps Tinder and Hinge, which also makes up around 0.01% of the index. Now, the point of the S&P 500 index is that it gives you a single number that you can track over time to see how valuable as a whole the US stock market is. And the vast majority of the value in the US stock market is in these 500 companies. Now, if you look at a graph of the S&P 500 over time, you'll see that for the most part, it goes up and to the right, which is what we like to see, but you'll see these moments of decline. And this is where you are in a recession or you've got like the 2008 financial crisis or you've got COVID that's just hitting or you've got like tariffs. So, the market as a whole, i.e. the sum of the value of all the different companies, goes up over time, but sometimes goes down and then generally kind of continues going back up slowly. So, that is what the S&P 500 index is. Now, if you invest in an index fund, what basically happens is that the money you put into the fund gets distributed amongst the companies in the index. And crucially, this is split based on their weighting in the index. So, for example, if I invested $1,000 into the S&P 500 today, in reality, what's happening behind the scenes is I've got $71.80 of Nvidia. I've invested $65 in Apple. I've invested about $47 in Microsoft and so on across these 500 companies. And this is exactly what people like Warren Buffett recommend in terms of how to get started with investing. >> I think it's the same thing that makes most sense practically all of the time. And And that is to consistently buy an S&P 500 low-cost index fund. Keep buying it through thick and thin and especially through thin. Now, the great thing here is that over time, your money is going to track the market. So, the money you invest it grows at the same rate as the stock market as a whole if you invest in the S&P 500, which is the US stock market as a whole. You're not trying to come up with like some crucial like game-changing insight that like, you know, you weren't trying to predict 10 years ago that Nvidia was suddenly going to do well or anything like that. You're not trying to do all of this research into all these companies to figure out which companies are like, you know, mispriced and like what their price-to-earnings ratio is and any of this sort of stuff. You're just saying, you know what? I'm going to make a bet that as a whole, the US stock market in this case is going to go up over time, and so I'm just going to distribute my money across the top 500 companies. I'm not going to think about it too hard. I'm just going to set it and forget it, and I'm going to do better things with my time rather than comb through spreadsheets and try and research companies. And if we take a historical average over the last like, I don't know, 100 years or something, the S&P 500 grows roughly by somewhere between 7 and 9% on average every year. Now, at this point, whenever someone hears the advice of index funds for the first time, and what I was thinking when I first read this, I was like, "Okay, but like why would I invest in like freaking Campbell Soup Company? Why would I invest in like Ralph Lauren? Like, these companies clearly aren't going to be big. Obviously, I should just invest in tech companies, or obviously I should invest in Nvidia, or I should invest in Apple, or I should invest in Tesla, or obviously I should invest in products that I actually use. Like, surely I have I have enough insight that I can pick winning stocks that like outperform the market." Now, this makes a lot of sense cuz you might be thinking that 7 to 9% like, that's nothing. Like, that's not that interesting. I want to double my money. I want to, you know, triple my money. And in general, when it comes to the world of investing, you should not expect to double or triple your money because that tends not to happen unless and except in very few circumstances, which we're going to talk about at the end of this video. Having a 7 to 9% return rate is actually considered really solid. The best private equity firms in the world, I think, aim for like 20% returns, but normal people like you and me generally can't access private equity anyway, and so most of us normal people are content with 7 to 9% annual compounding returns. Now, I want to talk a little bit more about why you should generally not try and pick individual stocks. And the whole idea here is that unless you get really lucky, chances are you are not actually going to beat the market. There have been a bunch of studies and surveys where people have tried this over time. Warren Buffett even did a challenge where he challenged like fund pickers who were like like literally specialists at picking stocks and basically compared the performance of these like professionals whose entire job it is to pick stocks against the S&P 500 and basically found that the S&P 500 actually outperforms most funds most years if you take a long enough time horizon. There is also a hidden cost of stock picking because even if you could theoretically beat the market, the way you do that is by investing loads and loads and loads and loads of time in actually doing the research to be able to know what you're talking about. So like spending hours every week reading financial reports and tracking the news and analyzing charts and worrying about whether you should be buying or selling at each individual moment. Now that is time that you probably have better things to do with. You could probably spend it with your family or your hobbies or building a business. If you invest in an index fund, it basically takes like 30 minutes or less to get started and then you don't have to put any time into it thinking about it or worrying about it whereas stock picking is quite different. For me personally, I have a bunch of friends who have invested in individual stocks over time rather than an index fund. Basically, all of them have made less money than they would have done if they'd just invested in the index fund in the first place. And some of them have even lost money overall because they were so convinced that company X was going to do really well and then company X didn't do well and they put too much money in company X. So that's like a scenario in which you can actually lose money, but you're very unlikely to lose money if you just spread it out amongst the top 500 companies in the US or amongst the top 1,000 companies in the world. Now I do want to hammer home this point because at this point, if you're still with us in the video, you might be thinking, "But like surely stock picking is easy. I mean, man, 5 years ago I knew that Apple would do well and if I just invested in Apple 5 years ago, I'd be rich right now." Or like, "Man, you know, 10 years ago I had a good inkling that Nvidia was going to get big. You know, I just didn't get round to putting money in it, but man, had I put money into Nvidia, it would have gone to the moon." And so what people do is that they get this sort of false sense of like thinking of themselves as being very good investors because at one point, maybe in 2013, you considered buying Bitcoin just like I did and never actually did it. Or like, I don't know, when Disney Plus was announced in, I don't know, 5 years ago, I was like, "Huh, maybe I should invest in Disney stock." And I never did. And I'm like, "Oh man, Disney's stock is so up. Man, if only I'd invested in Disney stock, I'd have been I'd have made so much money, etc. etc." The thing to keep in mind is that unless you actually invested in Bitcoin in 2013, you can't say that like man, I'm such a good investor. I I knew Bitcoin was going to do well because like everyone's like I knew it was going to do well and unless you put your money where your mouth is, it really doesn't count. Secondly, if you did invest in Bitcoin in 2013 or Nvidia in 2013, when would you have sold? Would you have sold when the price 5 X's or 10 X's or 100 X's? Like how would you have known to hold on for the next like 15 years because like stuff was going to go up and down and ultimately up. Let's say you own Nvidia stock right now. Nvidia is at an all-time high in its stock price. Do you keep on holding? Or do you sell? Do you think man this AI boom is a bubble? So do you sell Nvidia because you're like this OpenAI and all these Microsoft and all these companies it's all it's all just like a bubble and it's going to pop. Why didn't you sell 6 months ago when everyone was like oh my god Nvidia's dying and the stock price is going down? Like loads of people sold at that point. Like what is it about you that would have kept you holding onto the stock? It is so easy to delude ourselves into thinking that we are good investors just because we had a thought a few years ago that like I should probably buy Nvidia and then and then didn't actually do it. Or even if you did buy Nvidia a few years ago, you you maybe just got lucky. And it has nothing to do with like your quality as investor cuz there are literally full-time professionals whose job it is to pick stocks. They do it for 60 to 80 hours a week and in general over time index funds outperform even those people who are putting their entire life's work into trying to pick stocks. Generally, the younger you are the more prone you are to wanting to do individual stock picking because your memory is just not long enough. For example, if you happen to be one of the I don't know 20% of people who watch this channel who are over the age of 40, you probably remember Kodak in the 1990s. They were absolutely huge. No one could have imagined a world without Kodak because they were absolutely massive. Like they actually invented digital cameras back in 1975, but they didn't want to market the digital camera because it would cannibalize their like film camera business. And now no one uses a Kodak anymore. It's kind of like retro nostalgic tech because they filed for bankruptcy in like 2012. Or if you have the memory of like 20 years ago, Blockbuster was like absolutely massive. People would go to a Blockbuster store on a Friday night and like rent a movie. Netflix literally went to Blockbuster and said, "Hey, do you want to buy us for $50 million?" And Blockbuster CEO laughed in their face. And now there is one Blockbuster left on the planet and Netflix is worth hundreds of billions of dollars. If you speak to your parents or your grandparents, there is no way they would have ever imagined that Lehman Brothers, the 158-year-old investment bank, would never not be around because it was just too big to fail. It survived the Civil War, it survived two World Wars, it survived the Great Depression in the US. But then, in September 2008, it just collapses in a single weekend and people who have worked there for decades, who have their entire retirement savings in the bank, who have their entire like stock portfolio in like the Lehman stock, those people lost everything overnight. Now, the point is the more life experience you have, uh the more you know that these are things, right? Like every single generation has examples of companies that were too big to fail. Right now, I cannot imagine a world without Apple or without Tesla or without Netflix. But neither could the chaps in 2008, they could not imagine a world without Lehman Brothers. The point isn't that you don't want to invest in Netflix and Apple and Nvidia, the point is you don't want to only invest in Netflix and Apple and Nvidia, you want to try and diversify your holdings across multiple different companies rather than betting your entire financial future on a single company. Okay, so at this point, if you are sold on index funds, then you might be asking the practical question of like, how do I actually buy them? Unfortunately, you cannot just go to S&P 500indexfund.com/buy, you have to go through a middleman and that middleman is generally referred to as a stock broker. Back in the day, it was a real-life person that you would phone up to buy and sell stocks on your behalf on the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange or whatever. Nowadays, it's not a real person, it's just online platforms. There are loads of them depending on which country you're in, so you just Google like stock platform and then insert your country name. Like Vanguard is one of the big global ones, that's available in lots of different countries. They're also available in the UK, so I have a lot of my holdings in Vanguard. Trading 212 is another app that me and my wife have been using for years, so I mostly have my holdings split across Vanguard and Trading 212. Speaking of, we should reach out to Trading 212 to sponsor this video. So, if that deal goes through, you will hear a sponsored message now. All right, so I'm going to tell you about Trading 212 who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Trading 212 is a fantastic online investment platform. Me and my wife Izzy were both using it independently and have been for years, even way before they started sponsoring the channel. The platform makes investing super easy, super straightforward. There are no commissions, you can sign up with as little as like £10, you can sign up to fractional shares, and there's none of that unnecessary friction that stops people from ever getting started. [music] If you're really scared of investing, they even let you get started trading with practice money. So, it's not real money, but you're using practice money on the real market, so you can see if you had invested £100 or £1,000 or whatever the thing is, what would you have made or what would you have lost? If you're super super scared about it. And so, it's a really nice like entrance point for people who are new to investing. The fractional shares bit is really useful, it means you can invest in expensive stock like Apple and Google and stuff without needing to buy a whole share, you can buy a fraction of a share. And their pies [music] and auto invest features are also really good. So, the pies feature is essentially, you can basically just like browse other people's like asset allocation portfolios, and you can copy and paste their asset allocation into your own portfolio if you want. And the auto invest feature is also really good because then you can put your investing on autopilot, like every month it can deposit a certain amount into whatever stocks or funds or whatever you want. And they handle everything else including dividend reinvesting and asset rebalancing. And these are the sorts of services that used to in the past available to high net worth individuals. As a bonus, if you sign up to Trading 212 [music] using my link, you will get a totally free fractional share worth up to £100, so it's free money, you might as well. There'll be a link down below, or you can go to trading212.com/join/ali to get your free fractional share. So, thank you Trading 212 for sponsoring this video, and let's get back to it. Oh, that worked well. It's pretty good. Seamless integration. Fingers crossed. But anyway, even with all this information, there are probably some fears and concerns in the back of your mind, so let's talk about those. Part three, common fears and concerns and questions. Fear number one, what if I lose all my money by investing? This is the big one, this is the thing that stops most people from ever getting started with investing because like, "Oh my god, what if I lose all my money? What if something like 2008 happens and like you had all your money in Lehman Brothers and then it collapses and then suddenly you're bankrupt. Oh my god, that would be terrible." Now, this actually is a totally legitimate concern. I was worried about this until 2015 when I read The Simple Path to Wealth by JL Collins for the first time and realized that I didn't need to worry about it too much. So, let's put some numbers on this. The biggest crash in recent memory was the crash of March 2020 when COVID was was happening. You're probably old enough to remember that. Now, let's say you'd invested $1,000 into the S&P 500 at exactly the wrong time, just before the crash, so like early 2020. And then COVID hits, and then in a single month in March 2020, the market, the S&P 500 drops by 34%. So, your $1,000 is now worth $660. You have lost $340. Oh my goodness. At this point, you're thinking, "Oh my god, I knew I shouldn't have done this investing thing. I've lost I'm I'm losing so much money. My money Oh my god, I've lost this $300. The world is literally shutting down. Oh my god." Now, if at that point you decide, "Screw it. I'm just going to sell. I don't want to I don't want to lose any more money." Then you have realized the loss because you bought the index at $1,000, you sold it at 660, so you have literally bought high and sold low, which is the opposite of what you should do. And so you've lost $340. But if you had just held on, if you'd been like, "You know what? I'm just going to hold on. You know, I knew that investing in stocks and shares was like a little bit risky, but it gets a lot less risky if you just like hang on and just leave your money in there for a long time. The market literally recovered to its pre-crash levels by August. So, it took five months to recover back to where it was before. So, within five months, you'd have been back up to $1,000. And then it just kept going up and up. And by the end of 2021, your $1,000 would have been worth $1,400. And by the end of 2025, that same $1,000, if you just held on through the crash, would have been worth over $2,100. So, in that five-year period where we all lived through a pandemic, you would have more than doubled your money if you had just held on, assuming you had invested at the worst possible time. Now, yes, 2008, it took like a few years for the market to recover, but recover it did. And even if you'd invested in the stock market at the absolute worst possible time, just before the 2008 financial crisis, you would have still made way more money in the long run if you had just held on. And the key insight here that I learned from this book and a bunch of research since is that for the most part, the stock market goes up over time, as long as you have a long enough time horizon. It's sort of the same with house prices. Like for the most part, in most countries, in most cities where people actually want to live, if you buy a house today and try and sell it next week, maybe the price has gone down. If you try and sell it next month, maybe the price has gone down. But if you try and sell it 20 years from now, chances are the price will have gone up quite significantly. So basically, the longer you can leave your money in the index funds without touching it, the more it compounds over time. And apparently, Albert Einstein had that quote of like compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. Okay, but like seriously, you know, this is my this is my hard-earned cash I'm investing here. Like what would have to be true for me to lose all my money? So if you're investing in the S&P 500, in order for you to lose all of your money, the value of top 500 companies in the US suddenly has to drop to zero overnight. What are the chances of that? Like if all of the top 500 companies in the US suddenly had their entire value disappear overnight, we would probably be living through an apocalypse. We'd probably have way worse problems than the value of your stock market portfolio and the money that you invested in those stocks probably wouldn't even be worth the paper it's printed on because like civilization has collapsed or something like that. Now, I think it's a very reasonable bet personally that the stock market is going to go up over time over a long enough time horizon. And there's a few different reasons for that. So, firstly, human productivity is a thing and human productivity compounds. So if we imagine a company like Nvidia, Apple, Amazon, Meta, like these companies that make up, you know, the top the top few companies of the S&P 500, every day there are thousand thousands of people that go to work where their job is to literally add value to the company, right? Like they make stuff, they invent things, they create a new iPhone, they make a new chip. All of that stuff creates real value. Like one thing that I didn't quite appreciate before I started getting into investing is that the value of a company is not just people gambling on like I reckon Elon's going to be great, therefore Tesla price should go up. I mean, in that context, it kind of is, but like the value of a company is a real thing. And in general, the more revenue the company has, the more profit the company has, the more products the company has, the greater that value is. And so because people are continually doing work, you would expect the value of companies where people are continually doing work to go up over time because value is literally being created every day. The second reason is that the world keeps on getting bigger. So like 20 years ago, we had like 6 billion people in the world. Now, we have like 8 billion people in the world. More people means more customers and more transactions and more economic activity. There's hundreds of millions of people in Asia and Africa and South America who are like buying stuff, like entering the consumer economy for the first time. More and more people are getting access to the internet every single day. These people are buying iPhones. They are opening bank accounts. They're like subscribing to online software. So, the fact that like in general the world's population is increasing is another reason as to why you would expect the value of companies to go up cuz there are more consumers who want the stuff that the companies make. Thirdly, I think that the reasonably strong bet that the value of something like the S&P 500 index fund will go up over time is because it is a self-healing index. So, it's not like a list of 500 companies that never changes. It's a curated list of 500 companies. So, if a company starts failing, it gets kicked out of the index and it gets replaced with a new company. Something like Blockbuster disappears and something like Netflix takes its spot. So, you can kind of think of the index as a sort of like best of Spotify playlist that's like constantly being updated with whatever is most valuable at that given moment. And so, you're not betting that any single company will survive forever. You're not even betting that like these top 500 companies will survive forever. You're just betting that the top 500 companies in the US in this example at any given time will collectively grow because people are going to work and creating value within these companies. At this point, you might be thinking, but like the S&P 500 is just American companies and, you know, America is going to collapse because of Trump or because of Elon or because of the woke people or because of the immigrants or because of insert whatever flavor you would want and that is like, you know, And to that, I would say, Yeah, that's actually a fair point. That is why you don't have to invest in the S&P 500 index fund. There are things called global index funds. So, there's the Vanguard FTSE All-World index fund, which is sort of like the S&P 500 in that it is an index fund, but instead of investing in the just the top 500 companies in the US, instead this fund splits your money across the top 3,700 companies across 49 different countries. So, if you put a thousand dollars in that, you're getting a little bit of Apple, you're getting a little bit of Microsoft, but you are also getting some Samsung from South Korea. You're getting some TSMC in Taiwan. You're getting a little bit of Toyota in Japan. You're getting a little bit of LVMH in France. So, even if for whatever reason you believe that the US economy is heading for decline, the global economy probably isn't. And so, you can just spread your money when you're investing across like global companies rather than just US companies. And the nice thing about the Vanguard All World Index is that it automatically adjusts its weightings based on where the value is. So, if the US suddenly shrinks, and let's say India's economy suddenly booms, then your distribution of investments will naturally shift to wherever the growth is happening. So, again, you're not gambling that like a particular company or a particular country is going to win. What you're basically saying is, I reckon humans across the world who are working in companies will be creating more value over time, and there will be continued demand for that value. Therefore, the price of everything is going to go up over time. So, with all that said, you might be asking the question of like, "Okay, cool. I'm sold. How do I get started? How much money do I need to get started?" The answer to this question depends on the platform. Most sensible platforms in most countries, you can get started with like a dollar, or like $10, or like $100. Like, generally a small amount of money. Again, I would do some Googling or ask ChatGPT or Claude to figure out like what the best free platform is depending on what country you're in. You should be able to find a platform that is completely free. You shouldn't have to pay for it unless you're in a country that has weird regulations and stuff. But, for the most part, you can do this for free with very little money to get started. Oh, by the way, if you are enjoying this video so far, I would love to hear from you in the comments what has been your biggest concern about getting started with investing. And if you haven't yet, like what's the thing that's holding you back? Okay, so at this point we've covered the traditional approach to investing. But, there is a final thing we need to talk about because, yes, of course, we all want to be rich in 30 to 40 years. But, it would be nice if we could get rich in 5 to 10 years, 15 years, rather than having to wait 30 to 40 years to build true wealth. And that is where we come to part four of the video, which is fast lane investing, the alternative approach to building wealth. Now, what we've talked about so far is what MJ DeMarco, author of The Millionaire Fastlane, calls the slow lane approach to building wealth. He's a bit disparaging about it, but basically it's like, "I've got some money. I've got a day job. I'm going to save 10% of my income from my day job. I'm going to put it into investments like stock market index funds or like real estate or whatever. And then 50 years from now, that money's going to compound and then I'll be a millionaire and stuff. Now, this is a very slow form of investing. It's totally fine and I think it's very important to do as part of a diversified balanced portfolio and balanced life and stuff, but there is another approach. And that approach involves reframing what investing actually means. Now, when we hear investing, a lot of us default to thinking that investing means taking our money and buying an asset with it like uh stocks and shares or like buying a rental property. But if we really think about it from first principles, what is the point of investing money? The point of investing money is for your existing money to make more money further down the line. The point isn't explicitly to invest in stocks and shares or like watches or like, I don't know, fine art. The point is to grow your money and the stocks and shares or the rental property or the watch, that's just a vehicle by which you turn your money into more money. So, if we imagine something like, you know, 7% returns in the S&P 500, let's say you've got a spare $10,000. If you put the $10,000 in the S&P 500 today, on average it'll be worth, what, $10,700 next year? So, then the question becomes, can I find a way to invest that $10,000 or whatever the thing might be so that it can make more than $700 in the next 12 months? And generally to that, the answer is usually a hell yes. So, there's a couple of different options here. Option number one is if you invest in your own ability to make money. So, let's say I have a job like I'm I'm a healthcare assistant in a hospital and I could spend a thousand pounds to take a new course that gives me a new certification and that certification, like being a phlebotomist, allows me to increase my hourly rate. So, if I'm making, let's say, $15 an hour as a healthcare assistant and this new thing lets me suddenly make $30 an hour as a phlebotomist. I've invested in my own skills and my own like credentials and as a result, I've literally doubled my earning capacity. And so, with an additional four hours of work, well, what's that? An extra $60? With 40 hours of work, so 40-hour work week, it's $600. So, within week two of making this trade, I've already like made back my investment and now it's just like pure profit from there based on like that investment. And so, my return on this thousand dollars that I've invested in this course or whatever is way higher than 7% because I've invested in my own ability to make money. And this is generally why investing in your own skills or your own education is very reasonable provided you can see a path from like okay getting that credential or getting that qualification or learning those skills provided you can see a path to like a sensible return on that investment. I'm not saying you have to buy courses and stuff but you know you can find stuff for free on YouTube. I'm just saying that there is often more value in investing in your own ability to make money than there [music] is in investing in like 500 random companies in the US if you had to choose. Then we have option number two which is to actually invest in your own business and that is another form of fast lane investing. Now obviously this only applies if you have a business or if you want to start your own business. If I use my own business as example when I was 18 I started a business helping kids get into med school. In year one it made about 8,000 [music] pounds like 10,000 dollars. In year two it made about 80,000. In year three it made about 150,000. >> [music] >> So we 8x revenue in year one and we 2x revenue in year two. And then I sort of stayed at 150,000 for a few years and then a few years later in like 2020 boom went up from 150k to like 1.2 million so we 10x in revenue again and then the next year we 4x in revenue from 1.2 million to 4.6 million dollars pounds. I can't remember the exact currency. If we consider the 12 year period of this that's way more than 7% per year. Now if you were to put money in Apple it is very unlikely that Apple will 10x its value in the next 12 months because they're already absolutely huge and the bigger you are the harder it is to grow at least in terms of percentages because you're already so huge right? But if for example you took a thousand dollars and you used it to start your own business it is totally reasonable for you to have made 10 grand by next year or even 100 grand. You know I've got this thing called the Lifestyle Business Academy which is like an online business mentorship thing for beginners starting businesses. We have some people who have started a business for the first time and within like three months they made 10 grand and they're on track to make 100 grand within the first 12 months. And so if you think of the investment in starting the business for example and maybe investing in an educational program or a mentorship program or whatever like they're getting a way better return on that particular investment compared to just investing in the S&P 500. And if you're interested in this sort of approach to building your own business where you could take some amount of money, it doesn't have to be a huge amount, you could invest it, a small amount of it, like maybe even a few hundred dollars, maybe even less, in starting your own business. That business could be something like a lifestyle business that could quite conceivably get you to a 100k revenue within about 12 months. If you're interested in more details about that, I have a video over here somewhere that breaks down that concept in more detail. In general, I think it is a good to invest a good chunk of your time, energy, and money into starting your own thing and improving your own ability to make money, and then investing the rest into [music] something like the S&P 500, which is what I've been doing for the last like 10-plus years. So, yeah, you should totally check out this video over here if you are interested in potentially starting your own business to drastically increase your rate of return. Thank you for watching, and I will hopefully see you there. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenaKenny-d1y [25 likes]: Watching the market drop is never easy, especially when it's money you worked years to build. Been through enough ups and downs to know fear can make vou do the exact wrong thing. Appreciate the honest reminder to stay disciplined.
  2. @aliabdaal [9 likes]: Learn how to build a $100,000 a year lifestyle business (free workshop): https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpinvesting26
  3. @MariaRodriguez-o2o5t [2 likes]: Pure gold! It’s not just earning—it’s making your money work. Clear and helpful.
  4. @loucipher7782 [1 likes]: 19:38 what if
Iran won the war
ever thought about that?
  5. @jameshe6715 [1 likes]: This video summerize all Financial knowledges a guy should probably get had he took on a Financial degree for 4 years, thx Ali!
  6. @victoria-b5d5v [1 likes]: Exactly the kind of investing video beginners need.clear
breakdowns,practical tips and guideance that makes getting
started feel achievable. can someone pls recommend a good 
trading expert to guide me i cannot keep failing everytime
  7. @JohnJohnson-hl4fv: You want to get rich within 4 years?  Get elected to Congress and do insider trading, and get "gifts" from corporations.🤑
  8. @KMTGlobal.: No.1 Bullshit Guy
  9. @xynnqte: Ali is a professional and natural yapper. I've been following him since 2020. 100K to 6.6M subs. Congratulations, man!
  10. @TangerineHorizons: Listened to this with ear pods, at times the sound is not great. Almost like low level banging noise.
  11. @Joelryan-f9c: This is quite educational. It's crucial for newcomers to keep in mind that the financial markets are highly irrational in the short run. You should constantly be ready for the unexpected. That is how chance operates. Because of the inherent risks in the market, I always favor long-term investments.
  12. @MileHighMira: Very well explained
  13. @0xdynamo: oh, thank you. 

i don’t have time for deep research on stocks etc … your video did justice to it. 

no need handpicking stocks.
  14. @hbuk24601: That example of investing £10k surely you get more than £700 a year due to compound interest?
  15. @jatingupta3929: Only thing holding me back is my own stupidity combined with greed
  16. @tipsandmix: I thought my youtube was running at 1.5x speed. Then I realised it’s you talking super fast!
  17. @Katerina_Stathi: Please, remove this music!
  18. @PopoolaJoseph: A beautiful beautiful video. Quite clear and progressive. Thank you.
  19. @danafaisal6776: I have always thought that if I put money in the stocks I would loss some of it in the end but thank you for the clarification Ali.. by the way your editing skills in this Video are on top notch as always
  20. @christlike1894: My biggest concern with investing is when to take out my money from the market and I've started investing yet 'cause I don't have any savings or income yet.

- The Ultimate Beginner's Guide to Claude Code: Kind: captions Language: en There is an incredible piece of software called Claude Code that I've been using for the last 3 months and it has completely and utterly changed my life. And this video is the video that I'm sending to my friends, my family, my team members who have not yet started using Claude Code. Maybe you're like me a few months ago where you were intimidated by the thought of typing stuff into a terminal. Maybe you're intimidated by the name Claude Code. You're like, "Ah, but I'm not a coder, I'm not a developer. I couldn't possibly use Claude Code." Maybe you're still stuck in that paradigm of talking to ChatGPT or Claude on the web app and thinking that that is all AI has to offer. Or maybe you're like a lot of people I know and you're like, "Man, I know I should get into this Claude Code thing or this Claude Co-work thing. Ah, I just don't really have the time." Hopefully this video will help you solve all that. And this video is going to introduce you to the idea of the AI flywheel. You basically get AI to interview you about what you're doing in your business, your life, your work. Based on that, you get the AI to suggest what cool things you can use the AI to help build that would help save you time and make you more money. And then in the process of getting AI to build those things for you, you are also learning about how the AI works. The more you learn about how the AI works, the more that feeds into giving you ideas. It's like you're getting a firmware update in your brain. Where now you know what's possible, which means you can then build even more things to help save you time and make you more money. Using these sick AI features, I've built stuff for my business and for my customers that literally add value to our customers every single day where people are raving about the tools that I've managed to build for them over the last couple of months just by learning how to use Claude Code. The final thing to say before we get into the video is that every single day the gap between the people that just use the free version of ChatGPT and talk to it on the web versus people that know how to build stuff using Claude Code, even if you don't know how to code, every single day that gap is getting wider and wider. And what I hope this video will do is give you a sort of beginner's guide on how to narrow that gap. There are timestamps to everything down below in the video, so let's get started. Okay, so there are a couple of prerequisites that will really help you if you have these downloaded before we try doing the stuff. The first thing is you do not want to be using the web app for something like Claude. Instead, you want to download the desktop app. This is totally free, but when you download the Claude desktop app, you will notice it says chat, which is the thing that you are used to. It also says co-work, which sounds somewhat scary if you haven't used it before, and it says code, which sounds even scarier if you haven't used it before. The second thing you want to do is you do not want to type, you want to have some kind of dictation software installed that does a speech-to-text. There are lots of these. In my case, the one I use is called WhisperFlow. I'll put an affiliate link or something in the video description if you are interested. And the cool thing about WhisperFlow is I can hit Fn spacebar, and then I can say whatever I want, and then it will appear on screen within like milliseconds. Boom. This is how it works. This is a far quicker way of speaking to an AI rather than having to type to an AI. And those are basically the only two prerequisites you need. So, step number one is we're going to ask AI what we should build with AI. I'm trying to learn how to use AI. My current AI skill set is I just use ChatGPT and Claude and use the chat feature, but I recently watched a video that tells me about Coda Work and how Claude Code is the best thing ever. So, to that end, I want to learn how to use AI, but I don't want to just randomly try and learn how to use AI by following tutorials. I actually want to build something that's really useful in my work or in my life. The problem is I'm not really sure what to build. So, I want you to ask me questions and interview me and help me figure out within the context of my work. Like, I want to build something that'll save me time meaningfully or help me make more money in the context of my business. And in the process, I want to sort of learn how to use things like Claude Coda Work and Claude Code as well. Okay, so my business actually does I guess I would say three main things. Firstly, we do content. So, I have a YouTube channel and I post stuff on Instagram and occasionally stuff on LinkedIn. And the content is trying to sort of help people build a life they love and sort of change their lives and stuff. Personal development things. The second thing the business does is we have an online business school called The Lifestyle Business Academy that helps people start and grow six-figure lifestyle businesses. And then the third thing that we do is that we are building various software products. We've built an app called Voice Spell, which is a sort of AI ghostwriter. We're building an app called Superfocus, which is a sort of productivity thing. And we are building an app called a platform called Creator Grid, which is a platform to help creators grow and monetize their audience. Now, obviously all of this is in the context of me owning a business and doing various different things, but in the context of you maybe having your own job, then you can ask it to interview about what you do in your job. If you are trying to go for a raise or just trying to improve your job performance or anything like that. Actually, you know, one thing that I wish I didn't have to do, or I wish that my team didn't have to do, is that we do a lot of data scraping. So, for example, for YouTube, for Instagram, for LinkedIn, we spend, you know, my team spends a lot of time each week looking at analytics and looking at view counts and adding up saves and impressions and stuff. And some of that data we need to send to sponsors, some of it we use to figure out whether our own social media stuff is going well. We also need to do this across our competitors. I mean, I don't really think of them as competitors, I think of them as colleagues, but we want to keep an eye on what our sort of friends in the space are doing so that if someone is growing particularly fast or hits on a format that is particularly good, then we can experiment with that format ourselves. And so, all of this stuff takes actually many, many hours for my team every single week. So, I wonder if there's some cool stuff we can build that will help us automate some of that. Do you think that would be possible? 100% possible, and honestly, this is a great candidate because it ticks both boxes. It's genuinely painful, hours per week of manual work, and it's the kind of thing where you'll learn a ton by building it. Now, this is good. This is asking me really, really useful questions about how we can automate this like data collection process. I'm not going to read all the responses. You can pause the video whenever you like just to read the stuff because I know you can read. Okay, so the current workflow, it's like yeah, Nicole on my team and Becky on my team literally goes to YouTube studio or to Instagram analytics. Basically, they go to Instagram insights, they write down numbers, and they manually write the numbers into a Google sheet, and then use the sum function to sort of count up like impressions this week or something. To be honest, I'm not I I actually don't know what's available on Instagram insights. Maybe they don't have to do that anymore. But either way, it's a manual process of copying and pasting numbers into a Google sheet. Second, how many of these colleagues are you tracking? Are we talking five channels or 50? More like 50. 50 on YouTube, 50 on Instagram, 50 on LinkedIn, that sort of thing. And what does the output look like? It sort of goes into a Google sheet, but then it sort of goes on random Notion pages that are all over the place. It very rarely goes into slide decks. But yeah, primarily Google Sheets and Notion databases. That's where it goes once it's collected. And then, you know, we always think, "Oh, it'd be nice if we looked at it more often." But then because it's all over the place, it's kind of hard to look at more often. In reality, what we often do is just chuck it into AI and be like, "Hey, can you give us some interesting insights?" But I think it's the the collection of the data itself that like is kind of annoying. You know what? Let's not worry about the sponsor thing. I think let's just focus on the competitor tracking. And what do I want to know? I think yeah, it's how many views did the recent videos get? It is also what topics are performing well for them. I mean, if we could get a sense of like if we're thinking about YouTube, um I know I never want to watch the video itself cuz I don't want to accidentally copy it. But I'm very interested in what the title and the thumbnail was. And if we're thinking about Instagram Reels, I you know, in a dream world, we'd be able to transcribe the reel to get the hook. Cuz I'm always interested in what's the first line. But if it's an Instagram carousel, like what was the format? So, yeah, the challenge with Instagram is that we've got all these different formats. So, yeah, I just don't really know how we would go about that. All right, so this is telling me we're going to start with YouTube. It's easiest way. YouTube has a public API where you can pull videos, titles, thumbnails, view counts, publish dates of any public channel. You give it 50 channel names and it gives you back everything you want. That's your week one project. Sick. Instagram is harder but doable. Meta's API is more locked down, so we'll need to get a bit more creative here. Here's what I imagine. You open a dashboard, could be a web page, and you see something like, "Here are the 50 channels I track. Here are the last 10 videos sorted by views. And here's what's popping off this week." That sounds great. You can see thumbnails and titles at a glance without watching anything. And you could have AI automatically tag the topics so you can spot patterns like three of my colleagues posted about morning routines this week and they did well. Sick. The beautiful thing is that this is a perfect project for learning Claude code because it involves real API calls, real data processing, and optionally a real front end, but none of it is so complex that you'll get stuck for days. Does that sound like the right thing to focus on? And do you have a preference for the output looks like? Would you rather see a nice-looking dashboard you open in a browser, or would you rather just automatically update to update a Google Sheet that your team uses? This is so sick. Like, man, even me reading this back right now, I'm like, "Wow, Claude has such a good understanding of what I'm trying to do or I'm trying to build." It's suggesting things that I didn't even think of. What a time to be alive that you can literally ask the AI to build stuff for you and also teach you how to build the stuff in the process. Like in the past I paid thousands and thousands of dollars for like, you know, automation consultants to ask us these sorts of questions to figure out what we can automate in the business. And none of what they've said, of the 50,000 or so dollars that we've paid to automation companies and automation agencies and consulting whatever people comes close to the level of clarity that Claude just got through just a handful of exchanges with me. This is incredible. Now once you get good at using AI to build all these different features that are going to help you save your time and make more money, what you might need is a web host. You might need a place to host the various programs that you are creating and stick them on a website and make them accessible via the web either to you personally or to you and your team or even to the public if you want to like make money from the thing. This is where Hostinger comes in who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Now Hostinger has a bunch of different features that are all super helpful if you are trying to build a business or just improve your life in general. The first one is Hostinger Horizons. This is basically an all-in-one AI website builder. You basically just describe whatever you want and Hostinger Horizons will basically code up the app entirely for you. It'll build you a fully working mobile-friendly web app with absolutely no coding required. And just by talking to it you can refine things like the content and the colors and the functionality. They've even integrated features that handle user logins behind the scenes in a super easy way and also billing through something like Stripe so you can even start charging people for the various different web apps that you create. When you're ready to go live it's just one click and then you get a domain, you get your email and you get your web hosting all included as part of the package. In addition to Horizons there's also the Hostinger VPS service that lets you host a virtual private server which if you're doing particularly fancy stuff with Claude code or with open Claude with things like that you can host it directly on Hostinger. Domains are included with all of the Horizon plans and you also get free hosting included with the annual plans. Plus they have a 30-day money-back guarantee so there's genuinely no risk in actually just giving it a go. So if you want to turn your idea into a real business head over to hostinger.com/aliabdaal and you can get 10% off if you use the code aliabdaal at checkout as well. So thank you again Hostinger Horizons for sponsoring this video and let's get back to it. Now at this point there's also something super interesting that I would love to talk about here. So I happen to know what an API is, I think. But, if I didn't know what an API was, it's like my my rule for the AI stuff is anytime I don't understand something, what do I do? I ask Claude to explain it to me. Okay, this sounds really cool, but um one of the key things I want to do is I want to understand the foundations and the philosophy and you know, I'm even interested in like history. Uh you you know, the history of stuff like this. So, when you say API, what does an API actually mean? Can you help me understand what an API is, why it's useful, and how did APIs get developed? Uh like why why are they a thing in the first place? So, this sort of thing is how for the last 2 months I have felt like every single day I'm learning so much about the world. I'm learning about the history of computing. I'm learning about the history of technology. I'm learning about like random stuff because when something interesting happens and Claude Code or Claude Co-work or Claude or GPT Codec or whatever is asking me to build something or it's running a terminal command that I don't understand, while it's doing the thing, I will just open a separate window and I'll ask it to teach me about the history of the thing. For example, when I was installing Open Claw and it was trying to do some security audits on it and I was really trying to understand like what does SSH mean and like what you know, how does a terminal work and what's a secure shell and stuff. And I ended up sort of spending half an hour going down a rabbit hole of like understanding the history of like the telegraph and how the telegraph morphed into being Morse code and how Morse code then became like telephone lines and how like the US military in the Cold War was worried that like, you know, the telephone exchanges would get bombed by the the Soviets. And so, they had to figure out this method of information interchange that involved like uh packets. And so, the packets was invented and that was then this protocol called TCP/IP which was then the precursor for like HTTP which was the precursor for the World Wide Web. And then when the World Wide Web was invented, there was all these people getting hacked and there was this student, I think, in some university in Poland or something. He was pissed off that his like, you know, university got hacked. And so, he like coded up this thing called SSH which was like a secure way of transmitting information across packets. And then this guy ended up trying to over-commercialize it and so, someone else made this thing called Open SSH which became like a free platform and then this is encryption and public and private keys and all of this sort of stuff. And now when I'm typing in SSH. dot. dot. dot. dot. into my terminal, I know what that means and I can appreciate the history behind it and I can appreciate why it was such a big deal and how it was invented. It's just so cool. Ah, and Claude is just again really good at explaining stuff. Let's go to the problem before APIs existed. Imagine it's 2005. You're building a website and you want to show a map on it. Before APIs, you had two options. Build your own mapping system from scratch, insane, or literally take a screenshot of MapQuest and paste it into your page. I don't know what MapQuest is. I might I might ask it about it. This was the fundamental problem. Software was like a series of walled cities. Each application has its own data locked inside of it and if you wanted to use that data in your own thing, you had to either recreate it yourself or do something gross like write a script that pretends to be a human clicking buttons and scraping the screen. People actually did this and it was as fragile as it sounds. YouTube changes one pixel on their page and your whole system breaks. So, what actually is an API? API stands for application programming interface, but that name is honestly unhelpful. Here's a better way to think about it. Ah. So good. Again, this is the flywheel idea. AI is helping me figure out what to build. In the process of figuring out how to build it, I'm also learning about stuff. So, I'm not just blindly writing commands into a terminal and hoping for the best. I'm actually increasing my understanding of it. The reason it's useful to understand the stuff rather than just like blindly do it is because when you start understanding these things, you get it's like you get a firmware update in your own brain, which means even if you don't really care about like the history of computing cuz you don't find it interesting, it's still useful for you to know that it what an API is and what HTTP requests are because the fact that you now know that those things exist means that you might realize, "Wait a minute. Huh. There's this program that I use in my work called blah blah blah. I wonder if they have an API." You Google, "Does blah blah blah have an API?" And if you weren't familiar with the word API, you wouldn't have known that you could even ask that question. And then you might find, "No, it doesn't have an API, but it does have an MCP server." Now, if you are not at all curious and you're a total dumbass and you don't then pull on that thread, you're like, "MCP server. Oh, it sounds technical. I don't care." But if you're an intelligent person, you would think, "Huh, MCP server. Think I've heard of that, but I don't really know anything about it. What's an MCP server, Claude?" And you understand what an MCP server is and you realize, "Wait a minute. There's all these other ideas for things that I could build that will help me save time and make make money that involve MCP servers. Could I build my own server? What about my own MCP client? Okay, that's super interesting. And you start to learn this stuff without even trying to learn the stuff. Like, you never had to sit down and watch a tutorial about like, what the hell is an MCP server and how does it work? But, purely by exercising your curiosity and pulling on the string of like, "Huh, APIs are cool. Does Notion have an API?" It does, but it also has an MCP server. Oh, that's cool. Like, what's an MCP server? Oh, sick. It's a way for like AI things to chat to each other and it was invented by Anthropic back in like 2024 or something. Like, sick. Now, basically everything has an MCP server and you can even build your own. Sick. That just gives me so many ideas for like other things that I can build with my stuff. Now, we're about to dive into the rabbit hole of Claude Code, which is the tool that I've been spending most most of my time on, practically 24/7 for the last like 2 months. It's absolutely sick. I was intimidated by Claude Code because it involved the terminal and I was like, "Oh my god, terminal. I'm not like some freaking hacker from the 1990s. Why don't I need to use the terminal?" And then I realized I was a total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dumbass for thinking that. And actually, it's really straightforward, especially if you ask Claude to explain to you how to use Claude Code. And then once you're in Claude Code, you ask Claude Code to explain to you how to use itself, which is freaking sick. But, before we do that, we have dived down into this thing around trying to scrape Instagram and YouTube competitors for social media management. Unless you're a social media manager or your job or your business involves social media in some way, uh that specific use case is probably not relevant to you. Obviously, because you're an intelligent person, you know that I'm using that use case as an example and you know that you could obviously just ask Claude to interview you about your own use cases and it will help you figure out what you should build for your own stuff. But, just for the sake of opening your brain up with more examples, I'm going to tell you a little bit about some of the other tools that I've basically built for my business and my life over the last 2 months. If you want to skip this bit in the video cuz you don't care and you just want to get to the Claude Code stuff, there'll be a timestamp as is the case for every other thing in this video. And in fact, to make this list, I'm going to ask one of my Open Claude agents. Open Claude is kind of like Claude Code on steroids. I've been using Open Claude for the last like 2 months as well. If you're just getting started with this stuff, I won't worry about it. I would start off with Claude Co-work or Claude Code initially and then you can dabble around with Open Claude if you feel like it. But, let me tell you about my various Open Claude agents. I have Albus, who is my primary Open Claude agent. This is what Albus looks like. I have Hermione who is my curriculum architect for our Lifestyle Business Academy. She's the one who helps me basically think through all the different things that we are teaching our students and do research on like what's currently working in the world of building an online business in 2026, etc. etc. This is what she looks like. I have Minerva who is the vice principal of the Lifestyle Business Academy and she helps with all of the operational things associated with trying to give our students the best experience to build their, you know, six-figure lifestyle businesses. And then Minerva along with Claude Code essentially helps me build automations that make our lives and our students' lives a lot easier. Next we have Remus who is my content buddy. So he Remus is who I talk to when I'm on Telegram to, you know, get content ideas and he's the one who helps build out all of these like competitor analysis like dashboards and stuff that we're doing in addition to Claude Code. We have Dobby who is my general assistant that runs on a very cheap uh Anthropic model called Haiku whereas all the others run on Sonnet or Opus and so they're a bit more expensive. So Dobby's like my cheap personal assistant. We have Cedric who's like my relationships coach and so I talk to Cedric and he does research around like homeschooling and like, you know, gives me ideas for like romantic date nights with my wife and stuff like that. So that's cool. And then recently I added Caladan who is my health coach. And so Caladan tracks my protein intake every day and he's also my workout buddy when I'm at the gym. Um he's got access to all of my DEXA scans, all of my like workout history which I exported from the app Strong for like for the last like five years. And so he knows exactly where my lifts uh I broke my arm recently. I had a left radial head fracture. He knows that he therefore has to modify the exercises based on that. And so when I'm at the gym, cuz currently my personal trainer is on holiday, so when I'm at the gym Caladan is my personal trainer. I'm talking to Caladan to figure out what lifts I should do, any modifications I need to make, if like my groin hurts while doing squats Caladan will tell me to back off and like do another exercise instead, this sort of thing. If you're like, "Whoa, how's any of this possible?" then don't worry about it. Just like start using AI to teach you what you want to build using AI that improves your business life or saves you time or makes you money and then in the process of learning stuff. And then at some point you can ask Claude being like, "Hey, I watched an Ali Abdaal video where he talked about having these like eight different open Claude agents that he talks to on Telegram. How does that work? What's up with that?" And then Claude will teach you about the stuff. You'll realize that there's a bunch of security risks that you have to be aware of when you are using something like open claw, more so than when you're using something like claw code, even though claw code does have some security concerns. Again, you can just ask claw about, "Hey, I've heard that claw code has some security concerns. What's up with that? Like, what are the security concerns? Why is it a big deal?" etc. etc. You'll learn about things like prompt injection and how to protect yourself against it. And you'll learn that there are skills that you can download for claw that things like DCG, which is like the destructive command guard that like physically stops it from doing anything that might like delete the files on your computer or anything like that. If you're like, "Whoa, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're telling me it can delete the files on my computer?" Yes. If you do not sensible things with these powerful tools, it can result in bad stuff happening, but that's why you sort of want to do it one bit at a time. You want to make sure you understand what is happening rather than just blindly let the AI agent just like do whatever it wants. So, with that digression, I was actually going to ask Albus, "Yo Albus, I'm actually working on a YouTube video where I explain how to uh learn AI in a weekend. And, you know, for the last 2 months that we've been you building stuff using open claw and using claw code, can you just give me a list of real business and life use cases that we have built in our setup that I can show uh my lovely viewers on YouTube as an example of what we've built. For each one, I just want like a quick one-liner." All right, so here's an example of all of the stuff that I've built using claw code over the last 2 months. Firstly, a support ticket pipeline. So, within the Lifestyle Business Academy, we have 200 support channels for all of our students cuz currently we have about 200 students. And each student has their own like private slack channel where they get added to a slack channel with themselves and like me and the coach and like Angus and various other team members where they can post anything they want, and we aim to get back to them within like 24 hours ideally. Now, previously, this was a manual process of like the coaches having to keep on top of like which slack channel is unread and which one is read. And then if a student's replying in a thread, you can't see the notifications, you can't see the messages. And so, what I created in claw code is this thing that like automatically creates like support tickets anytime a student messages us in slack. And so, that's available in a dashboard and also pings alerts to a sort of private slack channel that we have in the team, which says that, "Hey, John Smith posted this support request. It's about to be 24 hours. Someone please reply to him. You know, that kind of idea. On top of that, I created a web interface that the coaches can log into so they can see which Slack channels for which students need responses. And so they're able to then just click a button. It takes them directly to Slack and they can respond to the student there and then. I created a handful of student-facing Slack bots. So the problem we were having is that previously we were giving our students a bunch of custom GPTs. Like we created custom GPTs for things like niche generation and first draft offer creation and like content and like, you know, giving them feedback on the sales calls and things like that. problem we found with custom GPTs is that we couldn't actually see how the students were interacting with the custom GPTs. It was kind of annoying. Because then I couldn't audit other custom GPTs actually giving the students useful advice. And then the students were coming up with all these things and it was like, wait a minute, where did where did you get that from? And they got it from the custom GPT. And then I can't see like where things went wrong with the custom GPT. And on top of that, we had students who were like complaining that we have like too many platforms. Like, you know, some stuff is on Google Docs, some stuff is on Slack. There's a lot happening on Slack. We've got the course on Circle. And now they have to have an OpenAI account and do stuff in a custom GPT. And I said to Claude code, like, is it possible that we can recreate the functionality of a custom GPT within a Slack bot so that if students are on Slack anyway, they're just able to message the bot and get the same kind of stuff. But then we as the coaching team have access to the conversation so we can see we can sort of like audit the agents and make sure they're doing sensible things. And so over the course of about a weekend, I coded all of this up using Claude code, using Python servers, making sure that we have everything in a database that is SOC 2 compliant. So like enterprise-level security so that we don't like accidentally leak any conversations the students are having. And so we created a bunch of Slack bots that students have been engaging with and they're having a great time talking to. For example, a Dumbledore, the DM agent. And so we've had like over 100 of our students sent thousands and thousands of messages to Dumbledore, the Slack bot. And Dumbledore has been trained on our like internal DM methodology for how to sort of convert a cold prospect into a warm lead and get them on a sales call so that they can grow their business. And so students are like copying and pasting LinkedIn profiles of their prospects into Dumbledore and Dumbledore is helping them craft outreach messages. If a student is in a DM conversation with like a prospect and they're like struggling to turn it into a call, they'll just like screenshot the conversation, stick it to Dumbledore, and Dumbledore will give them advice based on our connect understand invite framework, for example. So, we have Dumbledore the DM agent, we have Lupin the LinkedIn agent, we have Sprout the sales agent. By the time this video comes out, we will we will have released Flitwick who's like the delight agent that helps students like craft a delightful customer experience for their coaching or consulting or service business. And I'm working on a bunch more which is super exciting. But the really cool thing about this is that the students can give us feedback. I can see the stats on how much people are interacting with these agents. I can literally read the conversations that students are having with the agents. We do flag it to them that like I can read the conversation. So, I read the conversations to see like are the agents giving students sensible advice? And so, if you use Slack in your business or in your work, then did you know you can ask Claude Code to help you figure out what Slack bots you can create that make your life easier. We have another Slack bot that's like you know alerts us at the start of every day to see like you know in terms of like our competitors on YouTube like who has released videos and what's been their like views in the last 24 hours. So, we'll see that you know Alex Hormozi recently released a video called whatever whatever whatever and that's got 94,000 views in the last 24 hours and that's like an outlier for Alex Hormozi's channel. So, then it prompts us to think huh, could we like take inspiration from the fact that that video is popping off for Hormozi. And the thing that I'm working on now is a sort of creator HQ which is a sort of web dashboard that me and my entire team can use across YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn, and TikTok, and Twitter that automatically analyzes all of the content that we put out over the last like 9 years on these platforms. Figures out what are the things that worked, what are the things that didn't work, generates content ideas based on transcripts from stuff that I've said when I've done workshops for our students in LBA, automatically tracks all of the competitors and then it helps us surface ideas for better content that we can make that will just perform better. And on top of that, I've also created my own MCP server which then Claude and ChatGPT have access to which means that they can automatically see all of the projects that I'm working on within the business, what my goals are, all of the outstanding to-do's, any kind of journal items that I've put in there because I wanted it to have access to that. And so now anytime I talk to Claude AI the chat, it now has way more context about me than it ever did before and that context is always up-to-date because I'm keeping it up-to-date when I'm using Claude Code, when I'm using Open Claude, when I'm using Claude, and it all happens through an MCP server. Now, that might have been a lot of jargon. I did not know what any of this stuff meant 2 months ago until I decided to you know, spend a weekend really just trying to build something useful using Claude Code. And over the last 2 months, like every day as I've done this learning loop, this sort of AI flywheel, I've built more and more things. And there is a danger with all this like AI stuff that you you end up in this in this zone where you spend so long like building agents that talk to other agents and that like help you orchestrate other agents that you don't actually end up doing anything useful. Useful I would define as it adds value to your customers. It saves you time personally. It makes you money personally. And so I was very mindful of that that like I didn't I didn't want this to be another one of those like people spending days making notion setups to theoretically try and be more productive but not actually being more productive. So, going back to our data analytics project for YouTube competitors. Yes, okay, I'm now ready to start writing this thing. Can you help me understand what the hell Claude Code actually is? Um I don't really have a background in coding and so I have been intimidated by Claude Code in the past. You know, when people when I see people using the terminal with like the black and the green text, it feels like there's some hackers out of the matrix and I feel like I'm not tech savvy enough to use Claude Code. Can you help me figure this out? Okay, let's kill the intimidation now. The terminal is not what you think it is. That black screen with the green text, let's demystify it because before we talk about Claude Code, you need to understand the terminal because Claude Code runs inside it. Here's the thing, you already know how to use a computer using a graphical user interface, a GUI. You see icons, you click buttons, you drag things around. Mac OS, Windows, your phone, all graphical user interfaces. But GUIs weren't always there. Before 1984 when Apple released the Macintosh, virtually all computers were operated by typing commands. You'd type something like ls to see a list of files or cd documents to go into your documents folder. That's it. That's the terminal. It is a way of talking to your computer by typing instead of clicking. The terminal didn't go away when GUIs arrived, it just got hidden. On your Mac right now, there's an app called terminal. This is what it looks like. Boom. There we go. I think on the Mac by default it's white with black text rather than black with white text, but whatever, or basically the same thing. You can type whatever you want. Dot dot dot. If you open it, you're looking at the exact same computer, the exact same files, the exact same everything. You're just steering with a keyboard instead of a mouse. Think of it like driving. A GUI is an automatic car. The computer handles a lot of the details for you. The terminal is a manual. Same car, same road, same destination. You just have more direct control. And for certain tasks, like the one we're about to build, the terminal is actually way faster and simpler than clicking through menus. So, what is Claude Code specifically? You know how when you use Claude in the chat, you type a message and Claude responds. Yes. Claude Code is the same Claude, the same brain, but instead of living in a browser window, it lives in your terminal. And here's the key difference. It can actually do things on your computer. When you chat with Claude on claude.ai, it can give you code, but then you'll have to figure out where to put it, how to run it, what to install. You are the middleman. Claude tells you what to do, and you do it. However, Claude Code removes the middleman. You say, "Build me a script that pulls YouTube data for these 50 channels." And Claude Code will actually create the files, write the code, run it, see the errors, fix the errors, and run it again. All right there on your machine. You're sitting next to it, watching, and you can steer it. No, not like that. Do it this way. But you're not doing the mechanical work of copying and pasting code between windows. Oh, this is nice. A concrete analogy. Regular Claude is like texting an architect. They send you blueprints, and you have to figure out how to build the house yourself. Claude Code is like having that architect standing in the room with a toolkit. They're actually building the thing. You're watching, and you're saying, "Actually, move that wall over there." And they just do it. Why? It feels like hacking, but isn't. The matrix aesthetic of the terminal is genuinely misleading. When you use Claude Code, most of what you're doing is just talking to it in plain English. You type things like, "Can you create a new project folder for my YouTube tracker?" And it just goes and does it. It'll ask you questions if it's unsure. It'll show you what it's about to do before it does it. You can say yes or no. It's a conversation just like this one, except the AI can actually touch your files. Amazing. Like, you didn't need to watch a tutorial to teach you how to do this. All you needed was ask Claude to explain what Claude Code is, and now you can ask it, be like, "Okay, how do I install it?" Okay, this sounds really cool. How do I install it? You can download it using the desktop app if the terminal feels scary, or you can type in one command in the terminal. Okay, so on a Mac, open the terminal app, hit command space, type terminal, hit enter, then paste the single command curl -fsSL Claude.ai/install.sh. So, this is now where it starts to feel like coding. It feels like hacking. It feels like, "Oh my god, this is this is intimidating." But, super simple thing. I'm going to copy this. Explain to me what the hell is going on here before I do it. Please {dot} {dot} {dot} You don't have to do this with every single terminal command, but like it's good habit to understand the code that the machine is trying to run on your machine. Good instinct. You should never paste something into a terminal without understanding what it does. Let me break down every single piece. Reading left to right, curl. This is a program that's been on basically every computer since 1998. The name stands for client URL. All it does is fetch stuff from the internet. You give it a web address, it downloads whatever's there. It's like a browser, but instead of displaying a pretty web page, it just grabs the raw content. FSSL. These are four flags squished together. Flags are like settings that modify the command behaves. Fail cleanly, silent, still show errors, follow redirects. Oh, okay. So, FSSL together means download this quietly, follow any redirects, and only talk to me if something goes wrong. Claude.ai/install.sh is a web address, points to a file on Anthropic's server. If you're curious, you can actually open that URL in your browser and read the script before running it. Huh, okay. Let's do that. Oh, nice. It's just like some text stuff. And if we wanted to, we could try and like copy and paste this text into Claude and get it to help us explain every single line. To me, that's a little bit overkill. In general, there does come a point where you do in fact have to trust the thing that you're interacting with. Now, in my case, I trust Anthropic, I trust Claude, I trust that they're not going to do dumb things with my computer because they're like a $400 billion company, and it would just be dumb for them to like put malicious software on my own computer. You might think differently. If you have major distrust of like big corporations, then you are very welcome to go through this line by line and make sure that every single command that's running on your computer, you understand what's going on, you audit it, validate it, make sure it's legit. But like, you know, we all trust big corporations. You probably have a Google account. You probably trust Google with your emails, with your maps, with whatever. You probably have an Apple account. You probably trust Apple with your private photos of like your friends and your family and yourself. Yes, there are security concerns with a lot of this stuff. And if you're downloading a random plugin from some random developer that you've never heard of, then you want to have a higher threshold for like being skeptical or being like security conscious about that. But if you're downloading like the official Claude Code app from Anthropic's website directly, where you can verify that it is in fact on Anthropic's website, calibrated to your level of risk. The nice thing is, you can be as security conscious or as cavalier as you like. In my case, I started out very, very, very security conscious about every little thing, make sure I understand every single command, and then I sort of realized, okay, this is like overly cautious. Especially when I'm interacting with local files, where it doesn't involve talking to like, you know, customer data or anything like that, I sort of lower my bar for like how much I think about the security side of things. But as soon as it involves interaction with customer data, that's when I'm like, all right, let's like lock down the security walls around this and make sure that like what I'm doing is legit. But you can decide how security conscious to be, uh or not. Ah, you were right to ask. This pattern of download a script and immediately run it is super common for installing developer tools, but it does require trust. You're saying, I trust that whatever Anthropic has put at that URL is safe to run on my computer. In this case, it's Anthropic, a major AI company, so that trust is reasonable. But as a general rule, never run a command like this from a source you don't trust. Exactly. Great. So then once you've installed Claude, you literally just type in Claude into your terminal, and look what happens. Accessing workspace users at eval. Is this a project you created or one you trust, like your own code or work from your team? Um so, yes, I trust this folder. Great. Now you'll see, this doesn't look scary anymore. This doesn't feel like you're trying to hack or hack away in a black and green terminal. Welcome back, Ali. There's a little icon. Opus 4.5. Claude Team. Sparkle Studios. Hello. What the hell is going on here? Coalescing. Oh god. Please run login. Okay, I need to log in to my Claude account. Let me do that. Great. I would like to connect to Sparkle Studios, which is the name of my business. Yes, I'm happy to for it to do stuff. Great. Login successful. Press enter to continue. Wonderful. Hello. Boom. Hey, you're in Claude Code, Anthropic's command line interface with Claude. Your login was successful. I can help you with software engineering tasks like writing, debugging, or explaining code, navigating and understanding code bases, running commands, managing files, answering technical questions. What can I help you with? We basically have Claude running inside the terminal that is able to then access files and do stuff on our computer with our permission, crucially. You might be thinking, "Oh my god, there's all sorts of security concerns here. Ah, I'm so scared about it deleting all my files." If that's the case, actually, you know what? Let's talk to Claude Code. Hey, so this is the first time that I've actually installed Claude Code, and I am a little scared. I'm worried about the security implications of having an AI that can touch my files and potentially delete everything on my computer. Can you help me understand what is going on? Totally fair concern. Giving an AI access to your file system is a big deal. Here's what you should know. You're in control. I ask for permission before running commands or editing files. You see exactly what I'm about to do and can approve or deny it. You can configure how strict the permission system is. Commands run in a sandbox by default. This limits what shell commands can do. If you don't know what that means, just ask Claude, "What is a sandbox? What are shell commands?" I can't access files outside your working directory without you navigating there. Destructive Git commands like Git reset hard require explicit approval. If you're like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a Git command?" you can just ask Claude, "What is a Git command? How does it work?" Then you're going to go down a rabbit hole to understand that Git is this like thing that was created by Linus Torvalds, the inventor of Linux back in the day, because he wanted a better versioning control system compared to having like document one, document two, document three V5 final, V6 final, etc., etc. So, Git is like this open-source thing that's on that you can install on basically any computer that basically creates a snapshot of files so that if anything goes wrong, you can just revert to the previous version of the file. You might not have known that, but you do now, because you're not a dumbass, and you know that if you Claude te- tells you something involving the security on your computer that you do not understand, you just do a little bit of research by asking it to explain it to you, and it will do a really good job of explaining it to you in a very engaging way. What I can't do without you seeing, delete files, run arbitrary shell commands. What's a shell command? I don't know. Let me ask Claude. Push code to remote repos. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a repo? I don't know. Let me ask Claude. Install packages. What's a package? I mean, let's ask Claude. Practical tips. Start in a test project or Git repo so you can revert changes. What's a Git repo? I don't know. Let's ask Claude. Watch the permission prompts. They show you exactly what will happen. Type help to see the available commands and settings. The honest truth, very AI. I'm a powerful tool and with great power comes the need for you to pay attention to what you're approving, but the system is designed so you always have visibility and veto power. Want me to walk through a simple example so you can see how the permission flow works? Ooh, yes, please. It's so helpful. I love it. Watch what happens when I enter this. Create file Claude code test.txt. Hello, this is a test file created by Claude code. You approved this action, which is why it exists. Feel free to delete me. Do you want to create Claude code test.txt? I can say yes. Yes, allow all edits during the session. I e. I'm just giving it blanket permission to create files and edit files. Mhm, might want to not do that initially if you're new to this sort of stuff. Let's say yes. Terminal would like to access files in documents folder. Sure, that's fine. So, even the Mac is giving me an additional like security prompt before doing this. So, here we go. Right. Claude code test.txt. Wrote four lines to Claude code test.txt. You should have seen a permissions prompt before that went through showing you the exact file I wanted to create and the full contents of what I wanted to write. You approved it so now the file exists. Let me read it back to you to show that it works. Read one file. Notice that reading didn't require permission prompt. It's a non-destructive action so it just happens. Now, let's clean up. Watch the permission prompt again. Okay. So, bash rm users olivier Claude code test.txt. Delete the test file we just created. Now, you might be thinking, what the hell does does bash rm mean? And so, this is where, especially when it starts to say delete stuff, this is where I would recommend copying the command, pasting it into another Claude window, or even a ChatGPT window if you're like, wait a minute, I'm using Claude to tell me about the security settings in Claude. What if the AI goes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rogue and like misleads me? If you want, you can use a different AI to do the security audit on the AI that you're using, but again, I broadly trust Anthropic. So, let's go into Claude and be like, okay, I'm using Claude code for the first time and it's trying to run this command. Uh what does this actually mean? What is bash? What is RM?" Two things to unpack here, what bash is and what RM does. And the second one is worth paying attention to. Bash is the language your terminal speaks. The name stands for Bourne Again Shell, which is a nerdy joke, 1979, blah blah blah, blah blah blah. RM, this is the one you should care about. RM stands for remove. It deletes files. This is the one terminal command where you should always read what comes after it before hitting yes. Unlike dragging something to the trash on your Mac, RM does not have a recycling bin. When it's gone, it's gone. So, RM some temporary file.txt, fine, it's cleaning up a single temporary file. For example, RM users/alibadal/claudecode test.txt. I know that I now know, because I took the time to understand what is bash and what is RM, that oh, all it's asking me to do is it's asking for permission to just delete that one file. RM R some folder, it's deleting a whole folder and everything inside it. The dash R means recursive, go into every subfolder and delete everything. Still fine if it's a folder that Claude code just created. And then we have the famous command, the one everyone everyone worries about, RM RF/. This would attempt to delete your entire computer. Nobody should ever run this. Claude code won't suggest it, but I'm mentioning it so you understand the spectrum. The key habit to build, whenever Claude code asks permission to run a bash command, read it. Most of the time it'll be harmless things like creating folders, running code, or installing packages. But RM is the one where you should always glance at what it is removing before you approve it. What does the full command say after RM? I can tell you whether it's safe to approve. I know it's safe to approve, but just for the sake of the argument, I'm going to copy and paste this is the command. And so then, it's going to tell me, "Totally safe. It's deleting a single test file called Claude code test in your home folder. That's almost certainly a file that Claude code itself created a moment ago to test that it could write files on your machine, and now it's cleaning up after itself. Think of it like someone checking, does the pen work by scribbling on a scrap of paper and then throwing the scrap away. Go ahead and approve it." Okay. Oh my god, it's scary. Done. Here's what you just experienced. Action, write a new file. Yes, you saw the content first. Read a file? No. Permission needed? No, it's non-destructive. Delete a file via bash? Permission needed? Yes, you saw the command first. The key takeaway, you are always in the loop for anything that modifies your system. If you ever see something remotely sketchy in a permission prompt, just deny it. Feel more comfortable now? Any questions about how this works? Mate, our AI overlords are very good at helping us feel good about the commands and the permissions that we are allowing them to have to run stuff on our machines. This is pretty cool. So, now what you basically have is yes, you can chat to Claude via Claude.ai or Claude chat, but once you have it on your computer on your terminal, you can also literally talk to Claude Code via your terminal. It's just that the terminal version gives you the option with your permission to access your files and add files and remove files. That one's You got to be careful about. And be able to write code, be able to run code, whereas the Claude chat, it can still create websites and PowerPoint presentations, but it does it in a web browser, so you have to download the file or it won't be able to actually run application for you because you'd have to run it on your computer. So, it's sort of like Claude chat is like, "Hey, I've got all these I've got the ability to do all these things, but like I can't actually touch your files. Everything just happens in a web browser within Claude.ai." But Claude Code is like, "Hey, I've got all those powers as well, but I can also make files directly on your computer." Okay, so now I've installed Claude Code Claude Code. Where do we go from here? Like, how do I build this like uh YouTube competitor analysis dashboard situation that we were talking about? Okay, here's where it gets fun. Three steps before you start talking to Claude Code. Create a project folder. In your terminal, you want to create a dedicated folder for this project. Think of it like creating a new folder on your desktop or via the terminal. So, I could do mkdir, which means make a directory, it creates a folder. cd means change directory, then start Claude Code inside that folder. That sounds interesting. Let's just do that. So, I'm going to go on my terminal. I'm going to get rid of Claude Code. I happen to know that you use control C to like exit out of Claude Code. If I didn't know that, I would ask Claude Code. So, now I've exited Claude Code and I'm now back within the terminal interacting with my computer directly. So, what I could do is I could go on my desktop, I can right click, I can do a new folder, and I could call it YouTube tracker. Then I can open the folder YouTube tracker, and you know how this works. You know how to create a folder on a desktop because you know how to use a computer, obviously. So, that would be the manual GUI graphical user interface way of creating that particular folder. Let's delete that now. But, I can do the same thing from the terminal itself. I can use mkdir. So, I'm going to terminal and type in mkdir YouTube tracker. I hit enter. And it looks like nothing has happened, but if I look inside my home folder, turns out there is now a new folder called YouTube tracker. I was able to run a command from the terminal. The terminal understood what I'm trying to do, and it created the folder for me. Sick. So, now I was like CD YouTube tracker. Okay, let's copy and paste that. Let me make sure I understand what it means. CD means change directory. Okay, yeah, that seems fairly harmless. Boom. And you'll notice that it's gone from Ali Abdal Ali's MacBook Pro 3 uh with this little wavy symbol. What's the What's this wavy symbol called? Let me ask Claude. It is called tilde. Okay, fine. So, previously we were running commands in my home folder, Ali Abdal, with this which is shorthand advice of tilde command as I've just found out from Claude. And now we are inside the folder YouTube tracker. So, then it's telling me, "Now start Claude Code inside the folder by just typing in Claude." Okay, I just typed in Claude. Oh, nice. Accessing workspace YouTube tracker. Uh yes, I trust this folder. It's got nothing in it cuz I just created it. And now I am running Claude Code within the context of this YouTube tracker folder. Next step, get a YouTube API key. Oh god, this is going to be complicated. Remember I said API is client-side and the API key is access bridge. You shouldn't need to know who's making the request with the user the key is free. Google just wants you to register. So, go to console.cloud.google.com, create a new project, search for the data API, go to credentials, and create an API key. It takes about 3 minutes. And then, step three, tell Claude Code what to build. This is the magic part. Once you're inside Claude Code in your project folder, you literally just describe what you want in plain English. This is like super cool. So, I could literally say, "I want to build a YouTube competitor tracker. I have a list of about 50 YouTube channel names. I want a script that uses the YouTube data API to pull the 10 latest videos from each channel, including title, thumbnail URL, view count, and publish date. Store the results in a local JSON file for now. Here's my API key. Let's start with just three channels to test." And then Claude Code will start building. It'll create files, it'll write the code, and probably run it to test. You'll see it asking for permissions along the way. Can I create this file? Can I run this command? And you just approve each step. Caveat, you want to understand what it's doing before you approve the step. And then over time you'll realize that you'll you'll start to get a feel of what you need to worry about versus what you don't. My suggestion, start tiny. Don't try and build the whole dashboard in one go. Start with just three channels. Get the data pulling working. Look at the output. Then say, "Okay, now can you make this into a simple web page where I can see the thumbnails and titles in a grid?" And layer it up from there. The beauty of Claude Code is that you can iterate in conversation. "Actually, can you sort by views? Can you add a column for how old the video is? Can you highlight anything over a million views?" You are steering, Claude Code is building. That's the workflow. Again, a digression. It's not really a digression. It is relevant. One of the things that really holds people back from running this AI flywheel is encountering friction and being unwilling to figure it out. Developers don't have this problem. When you're a software developer, you encounter friction all the time. You encounter a bug, and the bug shows that something's not working. You try and connect to an API and you realize that like the API documentation is out of date. Back in the day, the skill of being a good developer was knowing what to Google cuz it's like knowing what error you Google and what what you type copy and paste into Google to then go on a website called Stack Overflow, which is like a forum where developers are discussing like how to fix things. And then figuring out what the fix is that someone else has done, and then trying to run it on your machine and seeing if the fix is still valid. And if you're a very good developer and you're good to the developer community, you would then update the Stack Overflow forum post with what the latest version of the fixes. These days, you don't actually need to do the Google Stack Overflow thing because you can just copy and paste an error message into Claude and it will tell you exactly what to do and then, you know, all this sort of stuff. So, developers are naturally good at pushing through friction. Most people who are not developers in the context of their work have probably not encountered like technical friction unless you're in a particularly technical role. You might have encountered human friction like what do you do when your boss refuses your like annual leave request and then you have to figure it out. But when it comes to doing stuff like this, you will encounter some technical friction. And the thing that will separate you from your grandma is that you are going to be willing to push through the technical friction and figure it out. So, getting API keys from platforms is an example of technical friction that in particular with like Google projects is a little annoying and it's a little it can be a little hard to get your head around. But I trust you, you're intelligent, you will be able to figure this out. And if you can't figure it out, again, you have Claude, you have ChatGPT that you can just like copy and paste stuff into to figure it out for you. So, let's get a YouTube API key. So, go to console.cloud.google.com. Okay. Yeah, open link. Create a new project, call it YouTube tracker or whatever. How the freak do I create a new project? Ah, ah, ah, friction, friction. Google Cloud. Okay, maybe if I click here, new project. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How do I create a new project? I don't know. Ah, complicated. Oh my god, complicated. Okay. We're going to calm down. We're going to relax. And I'm going to ask Claude. Yo, Claude. Um, I'm on the Google Cloud console thing, but I can't see a button to create a new project. What the freak do I do? Huh, Google Cloud console is not the most intuitive interface in the world. Let me look at the current layout so I don't send you on a wild goose chase. Thank you, Claude. Very kind. Yeah, Google Cloud console is notoriously confusing. Here's exactly where to look. At medium the top of the page or the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that mean? Click the button directly next to Okay. Ah, okay. So, if I click on that, I can then type a new project, YouTube tracker. Test. Okay, yeah, that's fine. Notifications create project YouTube tracker test. Okay, cool. Great. Let me click select project. Ah, okay. I just saw YouTube tracker test. You're now incurring charges in your billing account. Uh-oh. It's probably fine. Set up Google Google Cloud for organization. Ah, ah, ah. I don't know what any of this stuff means. What are we going to do? We're going to ask Claude. So, this is what I like to do whenever I'm on a page where I have no freaking clue what's going on. I command A, command C. Copy. Stick it into Claude. Help me understand what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on on this page. I literally just copied and pasted the entire content of the website, chucked it into Claude, and now Claude's going to explain it to me. Hopefully Claude is going to say, "You don't need to worry about it, bro. Like, let's just build a YouTube tracker." But, I actually did this many a time. I was setting up Cloudflare, I was setting up like a database thing, making sure it's secure, and you know, sometimes the instructions Claude gives are sort of out of date because like Cloudflare, which is like the security provider, might have changed the way their interface looks. And so, I would just end up copying and pasting the contents of the page or screenshotting it, chucking it into Claude, and then asking Claude, "What do I click on?" Again, we need to be good at pushing through technical friction if we find it, and then the friction will disappear over time, and it will just become a part of your usual skill set that like if something doesn't work first time, you figure out why it didn't work, and you do something about it. Oh, deep breath. You can ignore almost everything on this page. Thank you, Claude. What's happening? Google Cloud console is designed for enterprise companies running massive infrastructure. Think Netflix deploying thousands of servers or banks processing millions of transactions. So, when you create a project, Google assumes you might want to set up Terraform infrastructure automation because that billing alerts, security policies, identity management, and all this other stuff that huge companies need. You need literally none of that. You are here to get one API key so you can pull some YouTube video data. It's like walking into a car dealership to buy a bicycle, and they're trying to sell you fleet insurance. That's quite funny. The good news, now you can see it says now viewing project YouTube tracker test at the bottom, which means your project is already created. You're done with that step. Okay, now do this. Look at the left sidebar, hamburger menu in the top left. Click on APIs and services. Ah. Sick. I clicked on APIs and services. Click library, okay. Ah. Love it. I love it when the instructions that the AI gives me actually matches what I see on screen. It doesn't always happen. This is the friction that sometimes you have to go through. Library, okay. In the search bar, type YouTube Data API v3. YouTube Data API v3. oh sick. Nice. The YouTube data API is an API that provides access to YouTube data such as videos, playlists, and channels. Sick. Click the result then hit enable. Nah, it can't be that easy, can't it? Enable. Surely not. That would be too easy for like dealing with like something Google Cloud stuff. Okay, what's happening now? Okay. Uh uh stuff is happening. Ah, okay. Chill out. Let's go back to Claude. Once it's enabled, go back to APIs and services credentials. Uh okay, well APIs and services credentials. Okay. Click create credentials API key. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is create Oh, okay. Create credentials API key. Okay. Copy the key it gives you. Ignore Terraform ignore billing setup ignore migration center security command center I am blah blah blah blah blah blah. That's the enterprise stuff. You're just grabbing a key and leaving. I think of it like checking into a hotel they're offering you the spa package, the restaurant reservation, the concierge tour, and the loyalty program. You just want the room key. Okay. Back in the day, you would see a page like this you'd be like name. Does the name matter? Uh uh and you spend ages googling on Stack Overflow being like, "Does it matter what I name my YouTube API key?" APIs that can be accessed using the key. You're going to be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now I've got to do this." enormous. Oh god, what's all this list? Analytics, BigQuery. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is BigQuery? Oh my god, Claude uh uh oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like You're like, "Do I need to use a service account or not? Like what the hell is a service account?" etc. etc. Like uh application restrictions. What should I do? Website like uh This was my life 10 years ago when I was trying to when I was building my first like coding project back in like like 2015. I built like this sort of uh online question bank for medical students. This was the first business that I built that, you know, did reasonably well. I say reasonably well, it got to like six figures in revenue and then I sold it a little bit later. But now, you just copy and paste all of it into Claude and it helps you understand it directly. You know what? I'm just going to copy and paste all of this. It's giving me all these options. What do I type in where dot dot dot? Classic Google overcomplicating things again. Here's what to do. Name. Type something like YouTube tracker. This is just a label for your reference so you remember what the key is for. Okay. YouTube tracker. Thank you. APIs that can be accessed using the key. Where it says API restrictions, click restrict key and then find YouTube data API Okay, cool. Okay, that's fine. Everything else, ignore it. Thank you. Don't touch application restrictions. Don't touch the service account thing. Don't worry about our website's IP address, Android apps, iOS, none of this applies. Just give it a name, restrict it to Data API V3, hit create, etc., blah blah blah. It'll show you a long strings of characters. Copy that immediately and paste it somewhere safe. Okay, don't share this key publicly. Don't paste it in a YouTube video. Don't commit it to a public GitHub repo. It's like a password. It's tied to your Google account. If someone else gets it, they could use up your free API quota. For the video you're filming, you want to blur it or cut away when it's on screen. Note to editors, please can you do that? Okay, so I hit create. Great. Now it's given me an API key. I'm going to copy it. Once you got the key copied, come back and we'll fire up Claude Code and start building. I've got it copied. What do I do next? If you're still with me in the video, like this is actually what the process looks like. This is how it works. And it might seem intimidating right now, but like honestly, just give it a day, give it a weekend, and play around with it. Like push through the friction. I promise your life will freaking change. So now, we open our terminal, run these three commands. Make directory YouTube tracker, CD YouTube tracker, and Claude. Okay, so I've already done that, actually. Great. So I'm in YouTube tracker, I'm running Claude. Okay. Once Claude Code code is running, you'll see the prompt to paste something like this. I'm going to build a YouTube comment tracker, etc., etc. Let's just copy and paste it. You'll see pasted text lines 1 to 9. My API key is and I'm going to use the clipboard thing here. Then just hit enter and watch it work. Two tips for your first time, don't try to be perfect with your prompt. You can always say, "Actually, can you change X afterwards?" That's the whole point. It's a conversation, not a one-shot. And read what it's doing, even if you don't fully understand the code. I agree. You'll start picking up patterns naturally. And if you see something you're curious about, just ask it. "Hey, what does this line do?" Right there in Claude Code. Okay. So you can see like this is what Claude Code is now doing. And I'm like, fingers crossed, what's going to happen? Huh, let's see. Let's see. Listing one directory. Okay, yep. Empty directory. Let me build a tracker Python script to fetch data and an HTML page to display it. If I didn't know what Python was or what HTML was, again, I would just be like, "Copy into paste. What does this mean?" Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now there's all this code. Oh my god, intimidating. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. We don't need to worry about it. Okay, so it's creating a file fetch_videos.py. Fetch latest videos from YouTube channels using the data API V3. Okay, they're doing all of this stuff. It's writing all this code. API key, base URL, channels. I'll leave the AltShiftX and Matt D'Avella. Cool. Um okay. At this point, this will feel like friction, and so people will stop doing it because they'll be intimidated by the fact that it's writing code. The trick is to not get intimidated by the fact that it's writing code. It's only code. If you want, you can look through it line by line and try and understand what the code does. Would I recommend that? Well, I mean, you can do it. It generally is good practice to understand what broadly the code is doing that you're writing on your computer. To be honest, often the way that Claude Code and Codex and these other AI tools like write code, it actually is somewhat human-readable. So, let's see what's going on here. You'll see that it's it's even explaining fetch latest videos from YouTube channels using the data API V3. Import all this stuff. It's Huh, okay, whatever that means. It's setting an API key, base URL, channels. Yep, videos per channel 10. Yeah, I understand what that means. Def API get point. Ah. So, then I'm like, "Oh, this is a comment. Make a get request to the YouTube data API." Okay. So, it's doing that. Then find a channel name. Search for a channel name by ID and return its ID and actual title. Okay, yeah, that seems reasonable. Like, often as you're browsing code, you don't need to understand what every single line of the code does, but the AI will usually do a good job, and this is what good developers do as well, of commenting the code as they go along. So, it'll help someone reading the code further down the line understand the gist of what the code is trying to do. Okay, cool, search for a channel. Get the uploads playlist for each of the channels. Yeah, that that makes sense. Get the latest video IDs from a playlist. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Get the full details for a list of video IDs. Okay, okay, okay. Yep, all of this stuff. Sort the videos by view count descending. Okay, so do I want to create this file? Well, I'm just creating a file. I'm not actually running it yet, so let me just hit yes. If I wanted to, I could copy and paste it into Claude and be like, "Hey, can you explain every single line of the code?" The nice thing about Claude Code is that it'll give you little tips for using Claude Code as you go along. Like, use /btw to ask a quick side question without interrupting Claude's current work. I use that a lot. Or, I mean, you can just command tab into Claude chat and just ask the questions there. That's usually what I do, to be honest. I get Claude Code to build the stuff and I use Claude Chat to help me understand things as it's building stuff. Okay, now we're running a bash command. This command requires approval. So, python3 videos fetch videos.py. This command requires approval. This is where, unlike I'm going to paste this command. Okay, it seems like it's trying to run this as a bash command. Is this something I should be concerned about? I'm making a big deal of the security things like because I see so many comments from people on YouTube being like, "Oh my god, security." And it's like, not at all. This is exactly what's supposed to happen and it's a great example of how Claude works. Claude Code has just finished writing a Python script. Blah blah blah, blah blah blah. It's asking for your approval. It's just running the code it wrote, etc. etc. Great. Let's allow it to run the command. Okay, so it's running the command, fetch_videos.py. Let's see what happens. Fetching Ali Abdaal. Fetching Thomas Frank. Plus five lines. Control O to expand. Huh, what happens if I do control O? It doesn't matter. All 30 videos fetched. Okay, now it's going to ask me for more permission. Bash command preview top five videos by view count by view count. Uh at this point I'm like, "Okay, I'm just going to proceed because that seems reasonable." Let me verify the data looks good. Working perfectly. Here's what was built. Fetch videos.py hits the YouTube Data API, pulls the latest 10 videos from each channels, searches for the channel name, gets their uploads, blah blah blah. index.html doc themed grid display that reads to videos.json, shows thumbnail, title, view count badge, channel name, time ago, etc. etc. Oh, interesting. To view the HTML page, open it via a local server, needed for the fetch call to load JSON. python3 -m http.server 8000. Then open localhost in your browser. What would you like to add next? Now I'm like, "Okay, this is confusing. What the hell is going on here?" So, I'm going to You know what? I don't even need to copy and paste it. Wait. Help me understand what this command does. What's a local server? The first time you try creating an HTTP server and running things on localhost, you might be a confused as to what the hell's going on. But if you just ask it to explain it to you, you'll understand, "Oh, this is what a local server is." And then you won't need to worry about it again. Good question. Let me break it down simply. The problem when you double-click index.html to open it in a browser, the page tries to load videos.json using JavaScript to fetch. Browsers block this for security reasons when opening files directly from your computer. You know what? Let's test this. If I go on finder, ah, when I look at my YouTube tracker folder, I see three files. I see fetch_videos.py, I see index.html, and I see videos.json. Turns out I can actually open all these files and I can verify what's going on. So, if I open this with, I don't know, like text edit or something. Oh, sick. This was the code that Claude wrote for me. Okay, nice. If I look at index.html, I can open it in a code reader and I can read like, okay, there's all this HTML code, whatever. And then I can look at videos.json, I can open it with text edit, hopefully that'll load. I can see, oh, it's basically just data. Video ID, title, thumbnail, sick. Okay, channel name from Matt D'Avella, nice. Channel name Thomas Frank, channel name Ali Abdaal. Nice. Okay, it's kind of interesting. Um, so now what happens if I just try to open index.html? Could not load videos. Run python3 fetch_videos.py first. Okay, so it's not working. Uh, but Claude already knows that it's not going to work cuz it knows that this is the problem. The solution, python3 -m http.server starts a tiny web server on your own computer and makes your files available at localhost:8000, which is a URL the browser trusts, so that fetch works. Localhost is your own machine, nothing goes to the internet, so no one else can access this. 8000 is the port number, like a door number, arbitrary, just needs to be unused, and it only runs while the terminal command is active. Hit control C to stop it. Huh. Nobody else can see it, it's purely local. Want me to start it up for you? Sure. So, now Claude is asking me to run this bash command, python -m http.server 8000. Okay, sure. Server's running. Open this in your browser, localhost:8000. Okay, let's see if it works. I'm going to copy and paste this URL. Open it in my browser, localhost:8000. Woah! That was really cool. Look, I've literally just opened this in localhost:8000 and I can see that we've automatically scraped data from Thomas Frank, Matt D'Avella, and me. Ooh, I see that we've scraped some short YouTube shorts from me. That was not my intention, uh but like whatever. And then I can filter it. Wow, look at that. We have just created an online dashboard that's running purely on our local machine. It does No one on the internet has access to this other than me because it's on localhost. But if I wanted to make this accessible via the web, what what do I do? Again, I ask Claude. This is really cool. You know what? Let me just talk to it. Um but this is on localhost. Um how do I make this accessible on a website so that my team can have access to it because this is really nice. And then Claude will teach me all about what deploying stuff to the web means and then I can ask him more questions about it and then I can deploy it to the web and now I have an actual website. And then I might say to it, but like I don't want anyone in the world to be able to access the website. Like, how can I you know, how do I prevent people from accessing it? And then it will teach me about authentication and say that, oh, you should just add in a username and password. I'll be like, how do we do that? It'll tell me, you can do it manually or you can use Google's OAuth built in or you can use Vercel authentication. I'll be like, what the hell is Google OAuth? I can understand about that. And now, before you know it, I have coded up a fully fledged web app that only me and trusted people have access to. Or if I want, I can allow anyone to access it and make an account. I could even get them to pay for it if I wanted to make it paid by just asking Claude, "Hey, I'd like to make this app available to paid subscribers. I want them to be I want to charge them $19 a month. How do we make this happen?" And Claude will tell me, "Oh, great great way of thinking about it. What you want is a billing API. Make a Stripe account. Go on stripe.com, make an account, give me the API key and I'll set it all up for you." Now, anyone in the world can sign up to your app, but they can only use it if they pay you $19 a month. Amazing, you've now built a web app, a SaaS, a software as a service that could potentially make you some money. You have not needed to know anything about how to code in order to do this because all you've needed to know is how to talk to Claude, how to be curious, how to ask Claude to explain stuff to you that you don't know the answers to, and the little skill of being able to push through the small frictions that you will encounter. Okay, so anyway, how do I make it so it sells on the website? Vercel is the easiest thing. One command deploys it to your URL like youtubetracker.vercel.app. Free tier is plenty. Your team just visits the link. Sick, it's even free. I don't need to pay for it. Get GitHub Pages, push to GitHub repo, enable pages in settings. Free, okay, nice. Netlify is similar to Vercel. Nice. All three host static files for free. The one thing to think about right now, the data is a snapshot. To keep it fresh, we set up a GitHub action which runs a script on a schedule and redeploys it automatically. Sick. Which option sounds best to you? I'd recommend Vercel, it's the fastest to get running. Nice. And then I'd be like, what is Vercel and how does it work? Etcetera, etcetera. You get the idea, right? We're building the thing and in the process of building the thing, we are learning about how websites work, how code works, how deployments work, etcetera, etcetera. And before you know it, you will be so far ahead of your previous self. You'll be so far ahead in terms of understanding the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] compared to your friends who didn't give it the time that like you will feel like a different person. I feel like a different person now than I did two months ago when I first started discovering this stuff. And I know how to code. I've been coding [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since I was like 13 and like built software as a service myself. Wasn't particularly huge, but like, you know, me and my brother had built stuff when we were at university that was making like $150,000 a year in revenue, which is, you know, it's not bad. It's not like zillions, but it's like it's not bad for like university kids. I knew how to code. And still, my mind has been freaking blown by the power of Claude code, the power of just being able to speak to the AI, to get it to interview you about what to build that saves you time and makes you money, helps you follow your curiosity to understand things like web servers and Vercel and SSH and all this funky stuff, push through the friction associated with dealing with API keys and stuff like that. And before you know it, you've built some really cool stuff that genuinely adds value to your life, your customers' lives, your bosses' life if you want to try to get a raise at work. You can build things that track your workouts. You can build like, you know, I've got my Caladan open claw agent that helps me track my protein and helps me give me give me like workout recommendations. And every single day, me and my team, at least my team members who are now into this AI stuff, and I hope this video will make all of them into the AI stuff. Actually, I'm going to send this video to literally everyone on my team. You then start realizing all of the cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can build to automate aspects of your life and save you time. It's so cool. Oh, what a time to be alive. Anyway, before we do this thingy, I'm like, okay, I look at this page and I'm like, huh, this is fine, but I don't like the fact that YouTube shorts are showing. Okay, um let's forget about the web deployment for now. Um I don't like the fact that it's showing YouTube shorts. I don't really care about YouTube shorts. I only want to show long-form YouTube videos. And let's see what Claude says. I'll filter out shorts by checking video duration. Shorts are 60 or under. Just need to pull content details from the API and skip short videos. Sick. Do you want to make this edit to fetch videos.py? Okay. Well, okay, now here, like green means it's adding it and red means it's removing the line. So here, it's like fetch by channel 30. Fetch more than 10 to account for shorts being filtered out. Yeah, okay, sure. Do you want to make this edit? Okay, so it's removing some stuff, it's adding some stuff. Okay, yep, seems reasonable. Yes. There's a good meme of like, what it feels like to be using Claude Code these days. Here it is. Okay, rerun the fetch. Yep, that's fine. The lollygagging. That's why I like Claude. Claude is has personality. Ah, YouTube recently expanded shorts to be 3 minutes long. So let me bump the filter to exclude anything less than 3 minutes. It figured it out. It took a few attempts to figure it out, but it figured it out. Now, as you're doing this sort of stuff, one thing you'll realize is that, you know, while it's doing things, it's a real challenge to figure out what to do while waiting for it to do stuff. So what you do is you either chill out or think about life or like do some meditation and mindfulness. Or you do what all the pros do, and you create a second terminal window. So while the first one is doing working on one feature or one thing, you've got a second Claude Code instance that's working on another thing. And then you realize that you still have time on your hands. So then what you do is you have four terminal windows open, each of which are running a different instance of Claude code, and you're working on a different feature for each one. It is annoying if you're trying to work on four terminals for the same feature because then they start like not realizing that each other are working on the same files. There's ways around it, but like to keep things simple, you start off with one. You realize, "Wait a minute. I can just be twice as productive if I just had another window open." So then you make a new terminal window. You like stick it on the side of your screen like this. Boom. Uh you do this one like this. Boom. You then zoom out. And now you've got one terminal window there. You zoom in here because we don't like that we we don't like to read. Type in Claude over here. And now we have another Claude Claude Claude code window here. And then you're doing stuff here. You're like doing stuff here. You're working on a feature here, working on something there. And then you're doing stuff. And you're like still got too much time. And then eventually you go into this like four-way setup where you do windows like this. This kind of thing where you have a terminal window here, a terminal window there, terminal window there, terminal window there. You got like everything everything in the terminal window all over the place. I literally just bought a 52-in Dell UltraSharp monitor for the sake of being able to have multiple terminal windows open. Cuz my Mac's CD display broke, which is why I'm using my laptop. Anyway. Um okay. Open localhost:3000 in your browser or incognito window. Let's see what happens. Oh, it worked. Nice. So now the now the shorts have been gotten rid of. Amazing. That's cool. Sick. GG. I mean, this doesn't do anything. It just wastes wastes token tokens, but I like to compliment Claude when it's done a good job. Glad it's working. Let me know what when you want to build on it. Things like adding more channels or to refreshing the data or deploying it for your team. Now, this is a very basic use case. But you've just seen without knowing anything about how to code, literally by asking Claude to interview me about what I do that I find annoying, downloading Claude code, trying to understand what commands it's getting me to do, I have just built this dashboard. And this is so so so freaking basic. This is like the most basic thing you could possibly build. And it's still really cool. And the great thing about this is that, you know, I'm really not sure what I want to build on top of this. Can you ask me some questions and help me figure out like what what we should build next? The key thing is when you're building AI stuff, you don't want to build stuff for the sake of it. You want to build stuff that actually helps you in your work or in your life. So, for example, you want to build things that add value to your customers or that save you time or that make you money. And generally, Claude is very smart at helping you figure out what that stuff actually is. Here we go. A few questions. What's the goal? Are you tracking competitors to learn from their content strategy or is it more about benchmarking your performance against theirs? Great question. What decisions does this help you make? When you look at this dashboard, what do you wish you could immediately answer? For example, what topics are trending in my niche right now? Or which of my competitors is growing the fastest? Who on your team should use this? How many channels do you want to track? How often would you check this? Daily, weekly, before a weekly meeting? That affects whether we need auto-refresh notifications, etc. Okay, how is Claude coding the session? Good. Very good. Thank you, Claude. I love you. Start with whichever question feels most interesting. We don't need to answer all of them. And again, this is where you just open up Whisper flow and you just talk. You just spiel out whatever you want to do. And then Claude will do a good job of helping you figure out what feature to build next and even then build the feature for you. And now before you know it, you've You know, in my team, like Becky, my YouTube producer, has automated like two days a week of her job by just building cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in Claude code. And Nicole, our social media manager, is in the process of learning how to use Claude code and Claude co-work to automate, again, hours and hours and hours of manual time that she's spending every week doing this sort of stuff, which means she is then able to focus on more interesting things that are higher leverage, more strategic stuff, coming up with new content ideas and creative things like that, rather than the manual nuts and bolts of pulling stuff from like the Instagram API and trying to like copy and paste numbers into a Google Sheet. In every person's job and in every person's business, there is annoying, tedious work that needs to be done, which is so, so, so easy to automate these days. Super, super back in the day, if you wanted to automate anything, you had to hire a software developer to do this code. And then no-code automation tools like Zapier came about. Later on, at first it was Zapier, then it was make.com, and then it was NA10. And all of these tools were basically like drag-and-drop interfaces for saying, "Hey, connect up the data from my Notion, chuck it into Zapier, and then connect it to a Google Sheets so that I can automate that tedious part of my job." But now you don't even need to use tools like Zapier, make.com, and NA10. Like NA10 is so 2025. Now you can literally just get Claude Code to be your full-time genius-level software developer. It can create all of this stuff automatically. You can run these things called cron jobs on your own server. You can run them as a GitHub Actions. You can get it so that every minute it pulls in data from YouTube. Every day it like gives you a analysis of your top 50 competitors and like what they're doing. You can get it so if you're running like a marketing agency and you're trying to close a new client, it automatically scrapes everything on the internet it knows about your client. It automatically looks up the meta ads library to see what competitors are out there. It automatically creates for you a proposal that you can record a Loom over and send to the client to try and close them. There's so much stuff you can do with this. It's incredibly powerful and the way you access this power is that you spend a few hours. You spend a weekend just choosing to go through the friction of like sitting down with a terminal window, talking to Claude, and asking Claude about how it can help you make more progress in your job or in your life and in your business, help you save time, help you make more money. It is an incredible time to be alive. Woo, okay. If you've gotten to the end of this video, I would love to see a comment down below. Did you find this useful? I mean, hopefully you did if you got to the end of this video. Um, but I would really love to know what more would you like to see in our little AI education series. I'm diving deep into all of this stuff. I love doing like tutorials about, you know, this this stuff because this is the future of productivity. Back in the day, it was like Notion. Notion sort of changed the game for people's like productivity setups and stuff like that. Before that, it used to be like how to type really fast, but now it's about like how to use AI tools to save you time and make you money. It's just absolutely incredible stuff and I would love to make more videos about this, but I would love to know what you guys would find interesting or useful on this front. And if you enjoyed this video and you want to see another video about how specifically I use AI and a whole suite of AI tools to improve productivity within the business context, check out this video over here. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [15 likes]: Get the free AI learning guide here: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytdlearnaiweekend
  2. @derfyn [2 likes]: 1:02:35 Bros gonna be spared in the future by the AI overlords
  3. @user-pl5zx4sp5c: You talk way too much. The first 30 min of the video could have been done in 5 minutes !!
  4. @junaidrizwan6637: Please speak slowly, ur too fast
  5. @TChineduEzirim: Please I would like you to share more of this I Claude code and other Ai tools like Chatgpt how you have used them to up scale your productivity. Thank you.
  6. @TChineduEzirim: Hi Ali, this is very incredible. Thank you for sharing so amazing tutorial.
  7. @dailyphilosophyold: I'm in Hong Kong, like you, but I have no access to Claude from here. How do you manage to access it? Thanks!
  8. @EyorDigital: Thanks Ali, that was amazing
  9. @roberthambly: •	The AI Flywheel (0:00 - 2:29):
Prerequisites (1:34 - 2:29):

9:47 claude explains
2: 29 ask AI what we should build
9: 39 start with YouTube
Real-World Impact (14:48 - 23:42)
Demystifying the Terminal (23:42 - 30:07)
Building a Project (37:38 - 55:35)
Deployment & Iteration (55:35 - 1:04:41)
  10. @MohitKumar-bu4zw: This video should not be available for free. Easily one of the most delighful 1 hour long videos that I've seen on YT in a while. Felt like a curious child after a long time. Sick gg🔥
  11. @Ali-ew9gv: This was a terrible video, pure waffle
  12. @zactivitiesonly: Ali.. you brains neural networks just have to be going at like full power holy sht
  13. @leohimmel522: Thank you so much, Ali! Can you please also make the same video about OpenClaw?
  14. @nadavmarcovici4369: Hi! How can I become your student like the 200+ people you’ve shown on the video?
I want to learn from you to begin my own dream small project w Claude code….
  15. @mos0759: How should i learn to use claude for content creating?
  16. @bennnnnzz42: Can you do a comparison video with codex app? I heard it come close to claude code and the UI make it leas intimidate than non coder (at least for me 😂)
  17. @london-z1s: claude is useless on pro for simple research - walking in circles to waste usage... disappointing
  18. @gabriel_lindh: Why can’t I just use the text to speech that is in Claude already?
  19. @gab-n6g: Amazing video! :)
  20. @smitinathan: This was an incredibly helpful video! I have been meaning to try this out, and your video gave me the confidence to do so this week! Thank you :)

- If I Wanted to Make My First $100K in 2026, I’d Do This: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to go over the five step process that you can follow to build a hundred thousand dollar a year lifestyle business in under 12 months and which you can work through to build a million dollar business in hopefully around three to five years. So, if you would [music] like a step-by-step process that you can follow, let's dive in. All right, so this is what the road map looks like for building your multi six figure or even low seven figure lifestyle business. [music] Over here, we have a line of roughly what revenue is going to be. Everyone starts out at zero. Over here, we have an inflection point at a hundred thousand dollars a year. Over here, we have a plateau point at around 10 million. Over here, we have 1 million a year. Over here is about 3 million a year. And you can see the graph starts to plateau out around about this level, which highlights the fact that generally lifestyle businesses don't really scale beyond 10 million a year. So, if you're okay with that, then we can continue watching this video. And then over here between 100K and a million, we've got about 300,000. And in general, every tripling of a business revenue is when things start to break and when like the paradigm shifts and when like things become a little bit different. So, that's why we're sort of dealing in triplings rather than in other kind of units of numbers. This here is what we call phase five, [music] freedom. This is where you have true financial freedom because you've got a business that's doing somewhere between 1 million and probably 5 million in revenue. Maybe it's somewhere between 50 and 80% margins. So, you can do the math on that. It's a pretty good place to be. Over here, we have phase four, which is leverage. This is where you're scaling from about a hundred thousand a year to about a million a year. And this process takes about two to three years. Um some people do it sooner or quicker than that. Some people do it like slower than that. This phase, phase five, you kind of hang around in phase five forever. Because if you have a lifestyle business, then once you hit like the seven figure mark, you actually just kind of want to be hanging out in this range for the longer term. And so, really this kind of range here is our ultimate destination. We want to become a lifestyle business millionaire. In order to get that, we have to spend a few years in phase four scaling from 100K to a million. But most of the people watching this video are not yet at 100K yet. So, now let's explore the initial three phases. So, we've got phase one, phase two, and phase three. Phase one is called ideation. Phase two is called validation. And phase three is momentum. The ideation phase, we ideally want to last around one to two weeks. The validation phase generally lasts about one to three months. And then the momentum phase, generally six to 12 months, depending on how much work you put into it. So if we're doing this well and we are stacking the unfair advantages that we have, it's actually fairly doable getting from zero to 100k a year in [music] business revenue, which is an $8,333 a month run rate. And it's fairly doable getting there within 12 months if you do the right things and if you willing to put in [music] the work. I'm going to say that overall our goal here is about 12 months to go all the way from zero all the way through to 100k a year. When I first did this journey, it took me two years to go from zero to 100k, but I knew nothing. I'd never read any books about business. There was no videos about entrepreneurship. And if I knew what I knew now, I'd probably be able to speed run that journey in probably about three months even if I had no audience as long as I had the skills that I have. I have a bunch of friends who've made that journey. Some of them have gotten there within like three months. Some of them have gotten there within six months. Some of them 12 months. So I think 12 months is a good kind of middle of the road target to shoot for. Obviously, some people are going to get there way quicker and some people are going to take a bit longer to get to 100k a year. So within phase one, we have two key milestones. The first one is we figure out what is our niche. And once we have figured that out, the next thing we need to do is we need to figure out what is our offer. And this is a first draft offer. Niche answers the question of who am I helping and what am I helping them with? And then the offer answers the question of what am I actually trying to sell to them? And the reason it's a first draft is because in this phase, we're spending one to two weeks doing a bunch of brainstorming, doing a bunch of research, maybe talking to AI to come up with a niche and an offer. But it's only when we put it out into the market to validate the offer that this becomes a more solidified offer. And then we get to the single hardest part of the entrepreneurship game, the least fun part, which is validation. And what we are trying to do there is we are trying to get our first sale. So until you get a customer to actually give you money for the thing, all of this niche and offer, it's all theoretical. You need someone to give you money to validate your business idea. Now in between this process of like coming up with our first draft offer [music] and getting our first sale, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be taking a bunch of discovery calls. We are going to be speaking to people in our target market and we're going to be doing some market research on those calls and we're going to be trying to understand what their problems are and pitching them or presenting them our offer and then refining the offer based on feedback. Because then once we have our first sale, we're now in great territory, we're now in momentum mode. Well, now it's just a case of like scaling from first sale to 10k in revenue, from there to 30k in revenue and then it's not too bad getting to 100k revenue. 100k revenue a year is really only about $8,300 a month. So if you are selling something for let's say $3,000, you only need three clients a month in order to hit 100k range. If you're able to sell a retainer package for let's say $2,000 a month, you only need four or five clients period to actually get to the 100k a year rate because you're selling a recurring like retainer package. Of course, if you're selling cheap things like $10 ebooks or $27 courses or you know, template packs or anything like that, you need to get more sales in order to get these sorts of numbers, which is why I'm generally an advocate of recommending that you sell expensive things rather than cheap things. Okay, so let's start by zooming into phase one where we are figuring out our niche and our first draft offer ideally within one to two weeks. The thing to keep in mind here is that if you want to start a business and you want to make money in any way, you only make money if you solve problems for someone else who's willing to pay you to solve that problem. All money is given to you in exchange for simply solving problems. Now the first step here is to figure out our niche. What a niche is it is this this sort of overlap between a group of people and a problem. And the overlap between the group of people and the problem that they have is known as a niche. For example, with my first successful business back in the day, the people I was serving was students applying to medical school in the UK and the problem I was helping them solve was that I was helping them prepare for the BMAT which was this like medical admissions exam. So they were a group of people who had a problem and they were willing to pay me to teach classroom courses teaching them how to ace this exam [music] so that they could get into med school. of my friends, Sahel, he has software that helps video editors. They are the people with the problem that video editing takes too damn long. And so, video editors are willing to pay him for his software that helps to speed up video editing. The way you make money is by solving problems for people who are willing to pay to have those problems solved. And that is the first thing that we really need to figure out with our business. Now, how do you figure this out? Well, there's a lot of different things you can do. Um the way that I recommend you do it is firstly, you identify what are your craft [music] skills. I.e., what personal or professional expertise do you already have that could help someone solve some kind of problem? You want to ask yourself, what are the things that you're good at? What's the stuff on your CV? What is your current employer actually paying you to do, right? If you've solved problems in your personal life, if you were overweight at one point and then you managed to lose weight, like one of my friends does like this stoic weight loss type thing where he helps basically overweight people solve the problem of weight loss. He's got the personal experience at having lost a load of weight himself, and so now he's able to help other people solve that problem. So, what you want to do is you want to make a list of your craft skills. What are the skills or expertise or experiences that I already have? Because starting a business based on pre-existing skills means that you can get to you can get to this 100k year mark a lot quicker. That's not to say you have to have pre-existing skills. It is totally possible to enter a brand new niche and then figure out what problems they have and then develop the skills to solve those problems. But life becomes easier and quicker if you're trying to make money if you are serving a niche that is served by skills that you already have, rather than skills that you have to learn from scratch. Essentially, what we want to do is we want to make a long list of people and problems that we could potentially help using our craft skills. The way we do this for our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy is we ask them to come up with a list of 15 to 20 potential niches. The way this looks like is we give them like a worksheet type of thing where there's like a table. Um >> [music] >> there is a column that says person, like who is the person, what is their problem, what is your promise. And then, we ask three questions. I have to give a shout out to one of my mentors, Taki Moore, for giving me these three questions cuz these [music] are great in terms of like narrowing down a niche. And those three questions are: Do I like them? Can I actually help them? And will they be happy to pay? [music] And generally what I recommend for our students is you ask yourself, will they be happy to pay at least $2,000? Because again, life becomes easier when you're trying to build a business, getting to 100k a year and beyond if you are selling expensive things and I define expensive as about $2,000 or above. You can certainly get rich selling cheap things, it just takes longer. So this is an excerpt from one of our workbooks where you can see we've got person, problem, promise, like, help, and pay. For example, the people could be chiropractors, their problem could be not enough customers, and so the promise that our business delivers is we help them get more customers. And then we're ranking like, help, and pay in terms of red, yellow, and green. Red is like, nah, definitely not. Yellow is kind of like, maybe. And green is like, oh yeah, definitely. So in this context, do I like chiropractors? Eh, not really. Can I help them get more customers? Maybe. Will they pay? Well, yes, they'll definitely pay because like, it's a business and we're helping them make more money, so that one's easy. And so what we want to do is we want to get good at problem hunting because again, business is about solving problems for people who willing to pay to have those problems solved. So either by starting with our craft skills, but then also by thinking, what are the sort of people and problems that we are already familiar with? Let's say you've worked in tech and so you're quite familiar with other people working in tech and also probably the customers of your tech company. You would then be trying to figure out what problems do those people have that I could potentially solve. And what you want to do is try and generate around 15 to 20 different niche ideas. [music] The reason we want to do that is because generally when it comes to niche selection, we want to start out in sort of this kind of thing. It's a three-step process that I think of as diverge, converge, and emerge. This, by the way, is a general principle for creativity in almost every every field and is the exact concept that we have on these like fancy pens that we've designed with Baronfig, diverge, converge, emerge, anyway. This very much applies to niche selection because diverge is like we're thinking very broad and we're thinking divergently about the 15, 20, ideally even more potential niches we could serve. We are then following a process to converge on like our gold, silver, bronze, our top one, two, and three [music] niches. And usually in the process of doing that, the correct niche emerges over time. And then we pick a niche, we stick to it for a while, we develop expertise within a niche, we craft an offer within that niche, we do validation within that niche, we serve customers within that niche, and then we have a successful business that gives us fun, freedom, and flexibility to live life on our own terms. Oh, by the way, if you are enjoying this video and you haven't yet subscribed to the channel, um you might like to. It's completely free. I think you click on my channel name and you hit the subscribe button, and then you're more likely to see stuff like this. Plus, it lets me know that you like this sort of thing. Once you figure out your niche, you then have to come up with a first draft offer. So, your niche answers the question of who do I help and what do I help them with? Your first draft offer answers the question of what do I think I want to actually sell to them. Crucially, you are not building any kind of product yet. We need to understand the difference between an offer and a product. Let's take my book, for example. The product is the book itself. It is the text in the book, the writing in the book, etc., etc. But the offer is the packaging of the book. It is the title, it's the subtitle, it's the world's most followed productivity expert, it's the quote from Mark Manson. The stuff at the front and the back of the book is the offer. When someone goes to the bookstore or goes on Amazon to buy the book, they are not actually buying the product. They are buying the offer, and then what they get is the product. Now, the mistake that a lot of noob entrepreneurs make is that they will jump to building the product before validating that people even want the offer. And it would be such a tragedy if you spent three years writing a book only to then realize that no one wants to read it. This is, in fact, the single biggest reason why most businesses fail. [music] At least in the early days, they are trying to sell something that no one actually wants. So, you really do not want to take the approach of build it and they will come. You instead want to create an offer, which takes like a day because it's not that hard coming up with a title and a subtitle and like a elevator pitch. And then you present the packaging of the thing to your prospects, and you see if they're interested. And if lots of people are like, "Oh my god, that sounds amazing. Sign me up." and are willing to pay you money for the thing before you've even built [music] it, that is when you know you have demand. That is when you know you have a viable business. But you really do not want to be building first. This is an a thing that I wish would get into the heads of more people who are trying to start businesses. You want to validate your offer first [music] before you try and build the product. Now, the offer is made up of what I call the six P's. We have person. Who is the person who is the absolute center of your bull's eye? The way to think about this is like let's say this is a dartboard. And >> this this is your kind of your niche, right? It's sort of like the people and problem that you're solving for, which we figured out in step one. In the offer step, what you're trying to do is you're trying to define who is at the absolute center of the bull's eye. Now, that's not to say these are the only customers you serve. But, like if you're throwing darts, you're going to be aiming for the bull's eye. I mean, in reality you're going to be aiming for triple 20, but let's forget that. Let's assume you're going to be aiming for the bull's eye and like some of your shots are going to hit on the bull's eye, but you know, they might land here or here or here or here or here or there or whatever. By aiming for the bull's eye, you actually end up landing somewhere on the dartboard. So, what we are trying to do is define who do we think is the absolute dream client, our perfect future client, the customer that will absolutely benefit from the thing that we potentially want to sell, and who has the money to pay for it. Once we figure out the person, we sketch out details about the problem. Like what is the problem that they have, and [music] why is it really painful? We want to sketch out the pain. Pain is not one of the six P's. Maybe it could be. It could be a seven P's. Once we've defined a person and problem in more detail because we kind of knew that from our niche, we then come up with a promise. Now, the promise is like less than 10 words that explains what we actually do. And the goal of the promise is to [music] be sufficiently intriguing to the person with a problem that they want to find out more. So, for example, let's take my lifestyle business academy, which is sort of like our online business school. The person we're targeting is like the corporate professional who's got skills, they've got expertise, they're probably earning over 100K a year, they're probably living in the US or maybe the UK. And the problem that they have is that they feel unfulfilled and they feel a lack of freedom and flexibility in their life. They maybe like the idea of traveling and being able to work remotely, all that kind of stuff. What they're optimizing for is freedom. And so then our promise is we'll help you build a $100,000 a year lifestyle business in under 12 months. Now, for that particular audience who has that particular problem, that is an That's a compelling promise. And that is what you want in your promise. You want it to be just sufficiently intriguing. Now, of course, once they get into the program, then I give all the caveats that like, "Okay, well, the 12 months depends on you doing 10 to 15 hours a week of work. And like, there's this whole process you have to follow. And then, if you don't follow the process, it's going to take longer than that. And like, you know, you got to do what we tell you. We're going to support you and blah blah blah blah blah." But, in the promise stage, no one cares about the details. No one cares about the caveats. The promise just needs to be compelling enough that they want to find out more. The promise for Final Cut, which is, you know, my friend's a hell's video editing software, the person is video editors, the problem is editing takes too long. And so, the headline promise is something like, "Save 4 hours in every single video edit." Like, that promise is intriguing enough for video editors for them to want to find out more. Okay, so once we've figured out our promise, our prospect is now sufficiently intrigued, they want to find out more. This is when we tell them the plan. [music] Now, the way we can think about this is that, let's say we've got our person, and they are in a sad situation, and we want to get them into a happy situation. >> Let's say, I don't know, they're unfulfilled in their job, and they want to build a lifestyle business. One way of thinking about this is like, they're on this cliff over here, they want to get across to that cliff over there, but there's this like enormous chasm [music] between these two cliffs, which they cannot cross by themselves. Or if they could, it would be treacherous, and it would be difficult to navigate. What our business is trying to do [music] is basically build a bridge for them. We're like, "Hey, come along into my business, and we're going to build a bridge for you that will take you from A to B." And this is what we can think of as the plan. The promise is telling them is promising them like, what's the dream destination. And then, the plan is like, "Okay, well, step one, step two, and step three." It's the three or four or five-step process that we'll follow with them to get them to the destination. We still haven't built our product yet. We still haven't really talked about the product. We haven't talked about the stuff the the stuff they get. What we are giving them is the plan, assuming they're intrigued enough by the promise. [music] So, for example, in our context with the Lifestyle Business Academy, the plan we give them is that, "Hey, it's a three-step plan to get you from zero to 100k. Phase one is ideation, phase two is validation, phase three is momentum, blah blah blah blah blah blah. And what we want to get is buy-in from them about the plan. We want them to have the clarity that if they follow the plan, they're able to get to the promise. Once we have gotten buy-in on our plan, at that point, we talk about the product, if we want to. This is like what you actually get. Like with our academy, it's like you get one-on-one Slack support anytime you want. There's coaching clinics on niches and offers and content and sales that happening every day. There's like a weekly workshop run by Ali that blah blah blah blah blah blah. There's like you get this fancy workbook that blah blah blah. You know, it's the stuff. But the mistake people make when they're creating a business is that they over fixate on the product. And what we need to understand is that the prospect, or your hopefully hopeful future customer, doesn't actually care about the product. What they care about is the transformation that the product is going to get them. And instead of giving them more stuff, they would ideally like less stuff. Back in the day, the way you would sell like let's say a course would be like there's 300 hours of content in this course and 58 different templates and this that and the other. That just doesn't work anymore because no one's got time. Like we're already overloaded with content. People would much rather get to the transformation, get to the destination, get to the promised land. They would much rather get that with a course that has only two hours of content, rather than a course that has 200 hours of content. Worrying about what's in the product only comes once you've nailed your person, you figured out the problem, you found a compelling enough promise, you found a plan that like high-level actually gets them to the promise. And now we can figure out what's the stuff, the deliverables, the things we need to add to our product in order to execute on plan. Once we figure that out, this is where we figure out our price. And again, my recommendation is that you charge at least $2,000. A lot of people at this point are like, "Oh my god, I can't imagine charging $2,000 for anything." And to which I would say like, "Okay, fair enough." But like let's have a little bit more creativity. Let's see if we can find a person who has enough money and a problem that's painful enough for them to pay $2,000 for it. But once you have sketched out your first draft offer in person, problem, promise, plan, product, price, you turn it into a kind of one-pager. And now congratulations, you have graduated the ideation phase and you and you are now ready to actually see if there is a market for your idea. At this point with our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy, we give them feedback on the one-pager. We have like this list of like checklist that they go through to make sure that like the the promise makes sense and like all of this funky stuff. At this point, one thing you should definitely do is read Alex Hormozi's book 100 million dollar offers. It's really, really good and you can run it through the value equation and you can, you know, just basically follow the step-by-step process in his book. But the key point I want to make is that coming up with an offer is actually not hard because you haven't had to talk to any customers yet. You haven't had to do anything. You're just like doing the paperwork. It's really not that hard to just run this process of [music] just figure out what are some problems you could solve for some people and then just read 100 million dollar offers, follow the process of the six P's and just try and come up with some a few first draft offers. Going through this process will then give you a firmware update on how to come up with business ideas. Like even if you don't have any ideas right now and you just sort of pretend follow this process to come up with the first draft offer for like a random thing. I'd say, I want to help people in Hong Kong who've got a problem of like they don't want to walk their dog and I'm going to help my promise is going to be I will walk your dog for you. It's like, okay, that's kind of random, but like sure, let's just craft a pretend first draft offer just to get in the reps, to get in the experience of seeing what it actually takes to craft an offer for something. Oh, by the way, quick thing. If you're enjoying this video and you want to find out more about our mentorship program, the Lifestyle Business Academy, there's a link down below to the wait list, so you can totally sign up to the wait list. So anyway, at this point, we have our niche and we have a first draft offer and hopefully this has taken less than two weeks. Unfortunately, we do have some students in our academy that overthink this process despite how much we try and help them not overthink the process and kind of like the graph we show them is like this is like how much thinking you do when it comes to your business idea. This is like the sweet spot and this range is one to two weeks. If you spend less than about a week, mostly our students have like full-time jobs and stuff, so like they're putting in 10 to 15 hours a week. So maybe like 10 hours. If you're spending any less than around that time thinking about your offer, it's probably not enough time. This is probably under-thinking when it comes to your niche and offer cuz it is like a really important part of the business. This is the sweet spot, but then over here, we have over-thinking. Yes, the niche and the offer is really, really important and it is the foundation of your business, but it is all theoretical until it comes into contact with the market, and that is what happens in phase two, validation. Now, the validation stage, as we talked about, can often take 1 to 3 months, sometimes less than that, sometimes a bit more than that, just again, just depending on how much work you put into it. And the goal of validation is to validate our offer. To validate, is there actually a market for people that actually want to pay for this thing that we have theoretically constructed on a Google Doc. Now, basically, the way the validation process works, we want basically have at least 10 discovery calls. Ideally, ideally 30, maybe even more than that, but ideally 10 discovery calls. And these are 10 calls where we are presenting our offer to someone who's genuinely in the in the target market for that particular offer. So, we got our niche, we got our offer, and now we're going to have these 10 different conversations with people, and as a result of the conversations, we are going to refine our offer. There's this phrase in the military that no plan survives first contact with the enemy. The idea being is that like, sure, you can theory craft a plan all you like, but like, once once you actually get into the arena, things are going to change. Similarly, I like the phrase that no offer survives first contact with the market. We can do all the work we theoretically like to come up with the best first draft offer, but until we put it in front of real people who actually have the problem that we think we're solving, and we are able to present our offer to them to get their feedback, and maybe even to try and land a sale, until we do that, we won't actually know if our offer is any good. This is why the validation process is in many ways the most important part about starting a business. It's also the hardest. It's where you have the maximum amount of imposter syndrome because you have no idea if your offer's any good. You haven't yet made any sales, and so you're still sort of in the red in terms of you've invested some time and maybe some money into the process. You haven't yet made a return, and you're having to go and talk to people and sort of present your offer to them to see if they would actually want to buy the thing. Now, there are different ways of taking the pressure off of discovery calls. Uh the way we teach our students is that there's sort of three frames you could use for your discovery calls. Frame number one, you could do a market research frame. You could go up to your network or to people that you know, and you say, "Hey, um Johnny, uh you know, I'm thinking of starting a business in niche X helping X solve Y problem. Would you be open to a quick coffee conversation or a 15-minute call where, you know, I know that this is somewhat relevant to you. Not trying to sell you anything. I just really want to understand more about the problem just just so I can do some market research. That's a very chill way of doing market research on an offer. There's a wonderful book by Rob Fitzpatrick called The Mom Test, which is basically about how to run conversations like this so that you actually get real feedback from people about your business idea. And it's called The Mom Test because it's like your mom will lie to you about about whether your idea is any good. Generally, if you ask friends and family and you don't know the process of how to actually pitch them a business idea, they will just lie to you be like, "Oh yeah, that sounds like a good idea." And then actually it sounds like a terrible idea and they're just trying to not hurt your feelings. So, what you want to do is you want to learn the process for how to have a good market research conversation and then have a bunch of market research conversations. Frame number two you could use is you could use the frame of a free coaching call. So, one of our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy, Kelsey, she helps these tech people get promoted. And so, what she did is she posted on LinkedIn basically offering 10 free coaching sessions. That did super well. People A bunch of people signed up for her free coaching calls. And as a result of the free coaching, a bunch of people spontaneously asked her, "Hey, can I actually work with you on more of a paid basis?" So, she was able to make sales without having to feel salesy about it. And this works if you have genuine skills or expertise to share with someone. If you're approaching a brand new niche and you have no skills and no experience, then yeah, you kind of need the market research frame. The The frame of market research is you are doing me a favor by [music] getting on this call with me. And so, you frame it like that. But the frame of a coaching call is that it's it's sort of like a win-win. Like, "Hey, I've got some experience in the space. Let's hop on a call. I'd love to help you with your problems and in return I'd love some feedback on this business I'm thinking of starting." It's a win-win. But you can only do that if you actually genuinely have some amount of skills or expertise to be able to share. You don't have to be the world expert in your given niche. You just need to be a couple of steps ahead of your target audience such that it's actually valuable for them to hop on a call with you. And then frame number three that you can [music] do is you can actually just go for a sales call frame. Like at one point we were doing interviews for applicants of our Lifestyle Business Academy and I was taking these calls. But I was framing them as interviews because what I was doing in that is I was positioning it that I am the expert and the student is applying for our academy and then I'm doing this interview to see if they're the right fit. They knew that if they were the right fit, I was going to tell them about the offer, I was going to give them the pricing on the call, but it's not framed as you'll get free coaching from Ali Abdaal. It's not framed as, "Hey, I'm starting a business and doing some market research." It's framed as, "Hey, you want into this program? I'm going to talk to you and see if we're the right fit and if we are, then I'll tell you more details about the program." It still doesn't have to feel salesy. I did like maybe 30 or 40 of these calls and I don't think anyone felt like I was being salesy on them, but it was still a sales frame. [music] And this is what you do if you have confidence in the thing that you're actually selling cuz this is the one that's most likely to get you to actually get customers to give you their money. What often students tend to do is they start off in the market research frame, they realize very quickly that like actually they do have skills in the niche and they transition to free coaching calls and then some people transition to the sales call frame, you know, once they've landed their first sale and beyond. But this then helps solve the problem, right? Of like when we don't want to spend bloody ages trying to build a product that no one wants to buy because we are validating it as we go along with our market research calls and maybe our free coaching calls and maybe our sales calls. And as a result, every time we get new data from the market, we are we're getting more insights into is the thing that we are supposedly trying to sell actually solving a problem that someone [music] has? Cuz again, the single biggest reason why most businesses in the early days fail is what? Firstly, people just don't get started because they're like, "Oh my god, business is scary." Hopefully, this video helps you see the process is not that scary, but secondly, it's that they're trying to sell something that fundamentally no one actually wants to buy. So all this somewhat begs the question of like, "Okay, I've got to have these 10 discovery calls, but like how how do I get people to have calls with me?" And this is where the concept of marketing comes in. Like how do you let people know about your stuff? The word marketing with the word sales feels very scary to people, it doesn't have to feel scary, but broadly, there are a handful of different ways to do this. Number one is you can and should totally reach out to your existing network. The students in our Lifestyle Business Academy who are succeeding the fastest are the ones who have a network within the space that they are starting a business. So for example, back in the day when I was starting up my my medical school admissions business on the 2nd of September 2012, this is what I posted on Facebook in the WHSP Westcliff High School for Boys Medical Society Facebook group. Hey guys, at some point in September I'll be running a weekend crash course on the BMAT, most likely in school. If you're applying to Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial, and/or UCL, you'll definitely want to come as the BMAT will be the most important exam of your life and can make or break an application. One day will be dedicated to sections one and three, which are basically about blah blah blah. The second day will focus on section two, blah blah blah. Sadly, I am going to have to charge for it cuz I need to make some money for university. It's probably going to be around 100 pounds for the two days, which is pretty good considering Kaplan costs 300 pounds and sucks. Anyway, if you're interested, shoot me a message on Facebook and I'll give you more details when the time comes. This was how I got my first handful of customers for this new business that I was starting. I just went out to the people I already knew. If I was trying to start a business in like a random niche, like helping dog owners in the Midwest in the US help like walk their dogs, and I was like a teenager in the UK, it's very difficult for me to have a network in that space. And so it's hard for me to start a business. But if you start a business in a niche where you already have a little bit of a network, life becomes easier. You can see this was liked by Manesh Srivastava. Uh he was actually one of my first customers back when he was like 17 years old. And now, or what what is it? Like 15 years later, he's actually a neurologist working in Oxford, last time I checked. So, it's, you know, interesting how that works. This is an example when Alex Hormozi, the famous business guru, was starting his like personal training business. And he's basically saying that like, "Hey, I've got this business where I'm going to help people improve their fitness. If you're interested, drop me a message." And it's very chill. It doesn't feel that salesy. It feels very authentic, very nice. But he's going out to his network on Facebook. He is known amongst his friends and family and stuff as like the guy who's jacked. And so he gets his first few clients for his new business from the people that he already knows. This is scary for a lot of people. A lot of our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy feel more terrified of telling the people that know them that they're going to start a business compared to random strangers because you're like, "Oh my god, I'm going to post on LinkedIn or Facebook. Colleagues are going to see this." Like, you know, what we try and do is sort of coach, oops, coach people through the process of getting over these fears. So anyway, you reach out to people in your network. And what ultimately happens is you have a DM conversation with them. You exchange a few messages back and forth. And if they are interested, you get them on your call or a coffee if it's an in-person in-person generally works better, but it can of course just be a Zoom call as well. That is method number one for getting people into your discovery calls, and it's by far the easiest and the quickest and the one that we always recommend. Method number two is you start doing content. And back in the day, content used to be hard because you would have to spend years building an audience before you were able to sell anything. These days, it's less about social media, it's more about interest media. These days, if you if your content is actually good and is solving a specific problem for a specific person, the algorithms on all of these platforms have gotten so good that it's actually relatively easy if the content is good for it to reach a lot of people who are in the target market. Again, we've got some students in our program who have just started posting content and within about two or three weeks of posting every day on LinkedIn, they started to get random strangers DMing them to have conversations with them that they were able to then get onto discovery calls. The content was also solving the specific problem for the niche. So, let's say my niche is helping like accounting firms automate their onboarding or something like that so that they can save time. The stuff I'm going to be posting on LinkedIn is going to be about that niche. It's going to be speaking to those accountants. I'm it's going to be a post about like how annoying it is that like client onboarding takes so long and here are three tips that you can use to speed it up. It's going to be about like how you can use AI in your accounting firm to uh speed up your operations or stuff like that. Random people aren't going to interact with that because they don't like why why would a random person care about like helping accountants save time, but if an accountant who is like is reading that thing, they're like, "Whoa, this is like directly targeted to me." LinkedIn the platform the algorithm recognizes that wait a minute, that person is an accountant. Let's push this post out to similar people like that person. And so now more and more accountants are going to see that post. It's never going to go viral because there's not that many accountants out there. It's not going to get zillions of views, but it might get tens to maybe even hundreds of views from people that are squarely within your target market. And so that is what we are trying to do with content. We are not trying to get famous. We are trying to become an authority within our niche by posting valuable useful educational stuff that helps people. As a result of our content, we are also going to be having DM conversations with people. So, we're going to encourage people to DM us if they want to find out more about working with us or whatever, but also anytime someone likes or comments or engages or follows, we're going to send them a message. This is why generally I actually recommend people start out on a platform like LinkedIn or Instagram rather than YouTube because you can't DM people on YouTube. It's really hard to make compelling long-form educational YouTube videos. It takes absolutely ages. Like you got to deal with the editing. Yes, there's AI tools, but it's still drastically easier to post on LinkedIn or Instagram than it is to make YouTube videos. So, we have a couple of Academy who are doing YouTube. Um generally those are the ones who took my YouTuber Academy course back in the day anyway. And so, they already have the skills of YouTube. But this is why generally I prefer LinkedIn or Instagram if I was starting today because it's easier to start DM conversations with people. At this point you might be like, "What? Why? Why do I have to chat to so many people?" Cuz what we all want, right? Is we we want the passive income dream. We want the idea of like, "Oh man, I'm just going to wake up to some Stripe notifications. It's going to be sick." But in reality, like that's just not how the world works anymore. Um it kind of does if you're selling like super cheap things, but given that it's a lot easier to build a business selling expensive things, we're going to need to have conversations with people. We're going to probably need to have calls with people, and that is amazing especially in the early days where we are still validating that there is a market for the thing that we are thinking of maybe selling. The third source of leads to our discovery call is strangers. [music] Now, there's a few different ways to talk to strangers. Um the one I like the least is cold outreach. We do have some students who are doing it with some level of success, but like cold outreach, cold emails, cold DMing people, uh that's like a volume game. It's a numbers game. I've been going through Charlie Morgan stuff. He specializes in cold outreach, and it's just like you got to send hundreds of messages and face rejection every single day, and you feel like a bit of a spammer because you're like sending cold emails and doing cold calling and stuff. Uh that doesn't seem like my idea of fun. But there are other ways of reaching out to strangers. So, one thing is you can join and post in communities. These could be online communities. These could be offline communities. A good offline example is one of our students, Ronke. She's a doctor, and her offer is helping uh corporations deal with employee burnout so that they can save like 100k a year in terms of like um staff retention and medical expenses and stuff. And she realized that she didn't know that many people in her existing network who were like heads of HR and CEOs of big corporations. So, what she did is she went to some real-life networking events in London where those people hung out. And so, she spoke to them, she was a nice person, she was friendly, she got some business cards, and was then able to have conversations with those people afterwards by following up on LinkedIn and then get some of them on calls. Another example on the community front is back in the day, again, when I started my med school admissions business, I reached out to my network. But, you know, very quickly I ran out of people that I knew or friends of people I knew. I think there were like 20 of them who became my first [music] customers. I didn't do content at the time cuz I didn't realize content was a thing. It was only 5 years later that I started doing content on YouTube helping people get into med school. That was the content play. But, in the meantime, what I did to get customers was that there was a forum called The Student Room. This is where university students and university applicants in the UK would like hang out. And there was a medicine [music] subforum. And what I did is that I took my brother's account on on The Student Room and I was just posting really, really, really helpful advice. I would have I bookmarked the medicine subforum. I had like notifications turned on for it. Like in school, I was like refreshing this to see if there's any new posts. I'd get home from school and I'd have this open in like a separate window like all day, basically. And as soon as anyone in the UK posted on this medicine subforum asking any question at all about med school in the UK, I replied to them within the forum with some really, really, really helpful information. I was not advertising my course, but I was hoping that some of them would check out my profile and in my profile I mentioned that I was running one of these courses. And I managed to get hundreds of customers by literally just being part of this community, The Student Room, and just being helpful. Eventually, 3 years later they cottoned on and they banned my account, which was kind of annoying. But, like, you know, I got hundreds to possibly even over 1,000 customers within the 3 years, so like it was fine. And because the course was actually good, that was the kickstart I needed because then mostly it happened through like word-of-mouth referrals and stuff, which is [music] fantastic. But, the point is even if you have no one in your network and even if your content hasn't taken off yet, you can totally join offline and online communities where your niche [music] and members of your niche are hanging out. Be a nice person, be human, serve them, don't come across like a robot, don't like take take take, don't try and sell your thing all the time. >> By having sensible conversations with people, you can eventually follow up, get them into DMs, and have calls with them. There are other methods of lukewarm outreach. Uh one thing that's actually quite good these days is LinkedIn Sales Navigator, which is a way to reach out to strangers on LinkedIn. You just send a bunch of connection requests to people who are in your target market. If they accept the connection request, you then strike up a DM conversation with them. You come across as a normal human. Once you've, you know, developed rapport and struck up a conversation, you then try [music] and talk to them about your thing and be like either using the market research frame or the coaching call frame or the sales call frame, whatever you want. And we have some students in a lifestyle business academy who are actually getting good success by doing LinkedIn Sales Navigator to reach out to strangers on LinkedIn. Ultimately, all of this stuff, all of these methods of outreach get you on discovery calls, calls or conversations or coffees with people in your target market. You and and you then end up refining your offer. My brother, whose startup sold for like a few tens of millions of dollars, for the first 2 years of building the startup, they didn't actually build the startup. They spent [music] 2 years or like 18 months, something absurd like that, just having conversations and coffees with people in the target market to figure out what were they actually going to build and trying to make sure there was actually a market for it before they started programming. If you're starting what is merely a hundred thousand dollar or like seven low seven figure lifestyle business, you probably don't need to have a hundred and fifty conversations, but you probably need to have at least ten. Because the more of these conversations you have, the more you'll get a feel for like how you can refine your offer. And at some point, what you're hoping for is someone will actually just give you money for the thing because it's so clear that it solves a problem that they have. And now you've made your first sale, and then once you make your first sale, like life becomes a lot easier because now like at least you have a business that is somewhat validated rather than just sort of theory crafting in the wind. Once you've made your first sale, you now progress to phase three momentum. Uh and I realize that this video has gone on insanely long, so I will do a video in the future about exactly how phase three momentum works. If you're at this point in the video, I hope you got some value from it. Please do leave a comment, like what's the one major thing you took away from the video? And if you have any questions for future videos in the series where I kind of break down more of the details about the road map, please do stick them in the comments. Now, if you're at this point in the video and you haven't yet seen my video breaking down the maths around how a business grows [music] and in particular the easiest business model to start for beginners and exactly why that is the easiest business model to start for beginners, you're going to want to check out this video right over here. Thank you very much for being here. Have a lovely day and I'll see you later. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [19 likes]: Apply to join the Lifestyle Business Academy: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpapply
  2. @loucipher7782 [3 likes]: in 99% of entrepreneur
Phase 3 never happened
back to employment
  3. @puscifer999 [2 likes]: We need a video to cover phase 3-5!
  4. @TonyHulk [1 likes]: #1 sell people on how to make money... make money off of that... repeat
  5. @gyessayan: Loads of great information in this video. I’d love to see more content like this. One thing that really helped me was how you defined everything in short, clear sentences. For example:

Niche = who am I helping and what am I helping them with.
First Draft Offer = what am I actually trying to sell them.

That level of simplicity made everything much easier to understand and apply.

I also thought the way you broke things down into different phases with visuals was really well done and made the whole process easier to follow.

One question I do have is around the discovery calls. What specific questions are you asking during those calls? And once you get those answers, what do you actually do with the information afterward?

For example, are you organizing the responses into something like a Google Sheet? Is there a way to visually show this process? And how do you use those answers to refine and improve the offer over time?
  6. @c.athompson9280: The discovery calls are stomping me. I created a language learning method for people wanting to learn English as a second language. Not sure how this works for me. Should I do a diagnostic test.
  7. @stephaniesaw9336: Hi Ali
I’ve been thinking about your advice around building in public, validating ideas early as part of market research process 

One thing I find difficult is when the business idea comes from your current profession or industry expertise.

For example, even posting thoughts or insights on LinkedIn as part of audience building could easily be seen by colleagues, managers, or employers, and in the industry , they may start connecting the dots about what you’re trying to build.

How would you approach this situation?
  8. @denzeldevos: Can anyone help me out? 

So I'm passionate about swimming because it helps you both physically and mentally. But my business will be giving people swimming lessons so I will trade my time for money. I'm not so sure I can actually make some good money with this.

Any feedback is welcome! :)
  9. @LovefromYemiTheBoyKing: So basically all I’m getting is you have to start a business 25:29
  10. @AnikSerneels: Yes please, a video about gaining momentum would be great! I love your content! Very valuable and clear
  11. @realunfluffed: Why don't you sybau and actually go and build a $100k business from scratch without using your social presence. 🙄
  12. @Mars.2024: I love it .highly recommend 🎉
  13. @SheperdCharlesIlunga: Masterclass 🥹🤲🙏
Phase 3 video please
  14. @AyanSohailvlogs_livestreams: scammer
  15. @HumanLawOfficial: “Trying to become financially independent before graduation.”
  16. @TechGuyy098: These videos are always so dumb. Same ol useless jargon with absolutely zero substance. "Just get some people to pay you £3000 a month, easy".
  17. @kevinturton3310: When will this utter bullshit stop…the flow of nonsense is never ending from these so called ‘Gurus’. Even ‘if you’re ok with that’…what not ok with 10 million! Utter BS!
  18. @浙锋徐: The project is currently in a preliminary stage ,Next, I'll go ahead and set up my first draf.
  19. @WealthWizardc: 26:40 absolutely 😅
  20. @SideHustleBlueprint2k: 😊😊😊😂😂😂❤❤❤

- How to Read More Books: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going over 10 rules that if you apply, it will drastically increase the number of books that you are [music] able to read this year. All right, so let's start with rule number one. Now, what a lot of people do is that they will say something like, "I don't have time to read." And yet, if you look at their screen time, they will have hours and hours on Instagram, on TikTok, on YouTube, that kind of thing. Now, I used to struggle with this, but for me, the single biggest thing that helped was what I call rule number one, which is the pillow rule. Well, basically, the rule is that you should always have a Kindle or a book on your bedside table, and you should always charge your phone outside of your bedroom. This means that in the evening, when it's time to get into bed, the only device that you have access to is a book or a Kindle. I personally like the Kindle because the light means that I don't need to have like a reading light or whatever. And if your phone is being charged in a different room, it means you just remove all of this temptation to spend time on Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Reddit, whatever you're into. And really, this rule is all about physical environment design. If you design your environment in a way that nudges you towards the habits that you actually want to go towards and nudges you away from the stuff you don't want to do, life becomes a lot easier, and you don't need to rely on willpower. For me, this has been the single most meaningful rule that has made the most amount of difference in terms of how many books I can read every year. Okay, so let's move on to rule number two. Now, here's the thing. When you pick up your phone, there is a certain amount of muscle memory you have that will cause your thumb to probably go on the apps that you have logged the most screen time on. If you're anything like most people, I it will probably be something like YouTube or Instagram or TikTok or whatever. And that stuff is so ingrained into us is that it becomes almost habitual. Like, before you even realize it, you've opened a social media app and you're starting to scroll vertical videos. The best trick I have found for this personally is to remove the social media apps from my home screen. Some people go the full hog and like uninstall them from their phones altogether. I don't personally do that because various reasons, but what I do do do do, lol, is that the very first app that I see on my home screen is the Kindle app. On my home screen, I also have Momentum, which is a habit tracker. I've got Day One, which is a journaling app. I've got the Waking Up app, which is a meditation app. I've got Voice Pal, which is like a ghost writer type app. I've got my calendar. I've got my to-do list. And so, when I open up my phone, when I'm on the toilet or when I'm on public transport or when I'm like waiting in line for something, the first app that my eyes are drawn to is the Kindle app. And that means that that is usually the first app that I open when I'm on my phone. On one of my other phone screens, I also have the Kindle widget and the Audible widget that shows like the book that I'm currently reading on Kindle, in this case, The Personal MBA by Josh Kaufman, and the book that I'm currently listening to on Audible, in this case, Dark Age by P.S. Brown. So, the rule here is to design your digital environment in a way that favors reading. Make it harder for yourself to access the social media apps that would otherwise take your attention away from reading. And what we're trying to do is to make reading the default thing that we do when we open up our phones rather than scrolling. All right, let's move on to rule number three. Now, the issue that a lot of people have is that they will say that they don't have the time for reading. And when you say that, you kind of imagine that like in order to have the time for reading, you have to be able to sit down on a leather armchair, and you have to get a book out, and you have to have a whole hour of uninterrupted time. Most of us probably don't have hours of uninterrupted time every day. So, the rule here that I follow to solve this problem is the multitasking rule, which is basically that when my hands are busy doing something that is mind-numbing or like menial, I have my AirPods in, and I'm usually listening to some kind of audiobook. That's not to say that you should always fill your ears with chattering at all times. And of course, there is value in like, you know, mindfully washing the dishes or mindfully just being on the toilet without listening to anything or mindfully taking a walk in the park and all that kind of stuff. But if you want to read more books, it's actually very, very helpful to be listening to audiobooks. Back in the day when I had a real job and I would commute an hour back and forth from work to the hospital every single day, I'd be listening to audiobooks, usually at 1.5 to 2.5x speed, depending on the speed of the narrator. And so, through that, those two hours of commuting every single day, I got through so many books. Some of them were business books. Some of them were like personal development books. Most of them were fantasy fiction books by Brandon Sanderson. So, if you follow this habit, if you follow this rule, you will create 30 to 60 minutes a day, at least, of reading time completely out of thin air that was otherwise spent either listening to music or not listening to anything at all or maybe just like having like YouTube on the background while you're like doing the dishes or something. You could totally replace all of that time by listening to audiobooks, and it would probably have a bigger impact on your life. By the way, if you want to read harder books or just level up your reading in general or you want to be more discerning about which books you actually spend time on without worrying that you're wasting hours on the wrong book, then one thing that really helps with all of these things is Shortform, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Now, Shortform is basically like having your most intelligent friend break down a book for you. They don't just give you like a 10-minute AI summary of a book, but they provide proper in-depth guides with chapter-by-chapter breakdowns and smart analysis, and it connects the stuff in that book to ideas from other authors. And there are even exercises that they include to help you actually apply what you've learned. They cover loads of topics that I'm personally into, including productivity, psychology, business, self-improvement. They even have a study guide on my own book, Feel Good Productivity, which is interesting, and they are adding new guides every single week, and you can even vote on which books they cover next. I recently went back to that guide on the book Waking Up by Sam Harris, and I genuinely picked up things that I'd completely missed when I first read the book. They've also got audio versions of everything, so you can listen on the go, and there is even a browser extension that summarizes articles and YouTube videos if you want to go down that rabbit hole. Now, what I love about Shortform is that it doesn't actually replace reading, it makes me a better reader. I'll often use it to revisit books that I've read or to explore a new book, and I'll read the Shortform guide, and then that will help me decide if it's actually worth diving deeper into that book. So, if you'd like to give it a go, head over to shortform.com/dal, and that will give you a free trial and $50 off the annual plan as well. So, thank you again to Shortform for sponsoring this video, and now let's get back to it. All right, the next rule really helps if you are anything like me and you sometimes get stuck on a book. I noticed this a few years ago when Sapiens first came out, and I was like, "Okay, well, I should probably read Sapiens cuz everyone is reading Sapiens." And it was kind of boring, and I got stuck on it for like 3 months because I kept on thinking I had to get through the book. I had to finish the book. But then I got a really good piece of advice from the internet, which was to not be a monogamous reader. Instead of thinking that you have to only read one book at a time, it is actually worth having multiple books that you are reading in parallel because maybe you don't feel like doing the heavy thing like reading Sapiens or whatever, and instead you feel like something light. And so, you might want to read Fourth Wing or some romanticy thing or whatever. So, for me these days, I've got two books active on Audible, a fiction and a non-fiction usually. And then also on my Kindle, I usually have some kind of fiction, some kind of non-fiction, and also some kind of spiritual literature type thing cuz reading the spirituality books actually really helps me fall asleep. And so, if you do something like that, it means you can switch books based on your energy levels, and you don't have to be wedded to just focusing on one book at a time. Oh, by the way, if you are interested in some book recommendations, I've actually got a whole list of 100 life-changing books that have been recommended by various guests on the podcast that I used to host called Deep Dive. It's completely free to download. It'll be linked down below if you are interested. This leads us onto the next rule, which is a habit that school has actually ingrained into us that really doesn't help when we are adults and we're trying to read more books, that reading is supposed to be work. You are some kind of a bad person if you don't finish a book. Now, that feeling is completely unhelpful if we're actually trying to read more books because the rule here is that you should give yourself permission to abandon a book that you don't like. If a book is not gripping your attention, it's not your fault. It's not even the author's fault. Maybe it's just it's not the right time for you to read that particular book, and it's totally okay to move on from that book and not feel guilty about abandoning it. Life is generally too short to spend battling through and working through books that you really don't enjoy reading. And so, it's really helpful to get out of this like school mindset and to not like pedestalize books that like, "Oh my god, I'm a terrible person if I didn't finish that book. Like, maybe I'm an idiot." I was like, "No, it's totally okay to read stuff that is actually gripping you." This brings us onto the next rule, which is a tip I got from Naval Ravikant. And the rule here is read what you love until you love to read. This is amazing advice. Like, a lot of us really struggle with reading. And a big part of that is because we sort of feel like we have to read the smart books or like the classics or whatever. But the problem with smart books and classics is that they're actually quite hard to read. And there are so many books that are effortless to read, like the page-turners. They make you want to actually find out more, find out what happens next without you having to spend ages trying to get into it and like trying to sort of feel like you're some sort of highbrow person. So, Naval's advice, which I completely agree with and which has completely changed my life, is read what you love until you love to read. I've probably read over a thousand books over the years, and I still have not really read any of what you would consider the classics. I've ne- I've never managed to finish a Charles Dickens book. I tried reading Wuthering Heights, and it was like boring. And at some point, I'm going to get into these classics and read these like kind of big history books and like these big like literature classics and stuff. But even at this stage of my life, where I've read a lot of books, they're still just kind of boring. And so, if you're approaching reading thinking that you have to read these classics, that's like, you know, going to the gym for the first time and trying to bench 100 kg on the bench press. Like, it's probably not going to happen. You would probably just injure yourself, and then you'd be like, "Oh, man, the gym sucks. I don't want to do this again." But instead, if you were to pick up something trashy, something like trashy holiday fiction, romanticy, murder mysteries, drama, like fiction stuff that is engaging and pulls you through it. And you read enough of those, then you start to develop the skill of reading. You start to be able to train your focus and your attention. You start to love the act of reading itself. And then sure, you can challenge yourself with the fancier, more intelligent books further down the line. So, give yourself permission to read trashy books. Building the habit of reading, even trashy books, is going to improve your life way more than only reading prestige books. The next rule really helps when reading feels like a slog, which is to find some kind of way to gamify the process. I have an account on Goodreads. It synchronizes with my Amazon Kindle account, and so whenever I start reading a book on Kindle, it automatically syncs to my Goodreads account. This means that my Goodreads account is actually a somewhat accurate log of most of the books that I've either started reading or finished reading on my Kindle. And that's kind of cool to see. It's nice to see my reading stats. It's nice to see how many books I've read on Kindle in a given year. It's nice to see my Goodreads ranking, where I can be like, "Oh, I'm like the number seven person in the UK in terms of Goodreads, in terms of like like whatever." And then when you get to the end of the book and it asks you to rate the book, it's kind of nice to rate a book, like see how much you enjoyed it, and maybe leave a little review about it. There's something about that process, about logging the books that you read, that starts to feel quite like gamified. And like, you know, it's not really about the quantity of books you read, it's about like how the books you read change you and entertain you and inspire you and educate you. But it is still kind of nice to have like a little bit of gamification in that process. It's like, you know, when I go for a run, I like to track the runs cuz I like to see the lines going up. When I go to the gym, I track my workouts, even if I'm not doing progressive overload, cuz it's just nice to see the number going up. Similarly, when you're reading books and you have a way to see the number going up, it feels like you're sort of playing a game with yourself. All right, the next rule is that when you are reading books or also when you are listening to books, it is actually totally okay to read faster or to listen faster. I realized this when I was listening to The Wheel of Time series on Audible. It's a really long series by Robert Jordan, uh where the final three books are written by Brandon Sanderson. Really long series where in the middle, it got super super boring. And that was when, back in like 2018 or something, when I was I was listening to the series, that was when I discovered that you could actually listen on Audible at 1.5 x speed or 2 x speed. And that just like changed my life, because suddenly when the narrator is speaking at twice the speed, it actually makes the book more enjoyable, especially if it's a bit of a slog to get through. There's like a three or four books like in the middle of the series that are a bit slow. I'm so glad that I gave myself permission to listen to those at like double speed, because then when I got through the slow bit and then the final like four books were like complete bangers, I switched over to like 1.5 x speed, because at that point I was kind of used to listening to things fast. And over time you actually do end up training your listening speed to the point that there actually ends up being no difference in your comprehension listening to a book at one time speed, 1.5 or two times speed or even 2.5. The more you train your listening speed and you genuinely absorb it at like a faster speed level, which means in the same amount of time you could just listen to more books. Similarly with reading, there is no law that says that you have to read at a particular speed of reading. Some readers like to sub-vocalize, where it's sort of like you hear the words in your head as you're reading. That's a fairly slow way of reading. If you want, you can train yourself to eliminate sub-vocalization and then you can read a little bit faster. And if you're able to read faster, actually helps you get through, especially the more boring bits of books, >> [music] >> just quicker, which is just a nicer way of reading and a better way of being able to read more books. At this point some people will be like, "Well, screw you. This is terrible advice. This is toxic productivity. You should enjoy the roses and stuff." To which I would say that it's totally possible to enjoy the roses and sometimes the roses are even nicer when you're getting through them a little bit faster. There is no additional nobility or prestige [music] in listening or reading a book slowly, just like there's no additional nobility or prestige in reading it fast. It's just like up to you. Just like all of us walk at different paces and there's nothing like good or bad about walking slow or walking fast. Similarly, all of us read at different paces and you can in fact train yourself to read or listen at higher speeds, which just allows you to read more books. Next up, we have the impulse buy rule. When I first started making money from like my side business when I was in med school, I came across this rule, which is that whenever you see a book recommended, you should just buy the book. You should treat it like an impulse buy. You should not think about it. Obviously, if you have no money, you have to start thinking about it, but I'm sure you have ways of acquiring books, even if you are completely broke, like I was back when I was a teenager. And so for me, if anyone recommends me any kind of book at all, I will immediately open up my phone, go to amazon.co.uk and just buy it on Kindle or download it on Audible using my Audible credits or whatever I feel like doing. And I don't think twice about it. And there've been a bunch of books that I've impulse bought over the years, where, you know, I buy the book and then maybe like two years later I'll discover it on my Kindle and I'll start reading it and I'll get one like life-changing idea from it that changes my life, or changes my perspective, or changes my experience. And so the return on investment of these is absolutely huge. [music] So the trick here is, if you can, don't create friction at the point of acquisition. If someone recommends you a book, just like buy the book and don't think too hard about it and feel free to like reduce your expenses in other like less interesting areas of life, like takeaways or restaurant meals or whatever, if you need to compensate for the fact that you're spending a bit more money on books. The final rule relates to something that James Clear talks about a lot in his book Atomic Habits, which is the identity shift. A lot of us have the identity, like we have told ourselves that I am not a reader or I struggle to read. And these identity statements are very powerful and also very unhelpful if you're actually trying to read more books. And so one level up is, you know, I'm trying to read more books. I'm actively working on it. But even that is sort of implying to yourself that you are not the sort of person who read stuff. Whereas if you can genuinely psyche up yourself into telling yourself that I am a reader, and you for example always have a book that you're reading, you then start to think of yourself as a reader. And if you're a reader, then like what do you do when you've got a moment of spare time? You don't pick up your phone and start scrolling TikTok. You pick up your phone, hit Kindle and start reading on Kindle. Or you pick up a physical book and actually start reading it. And so when you have that kind of identity change and when you always have the ability to read in any kind of moment of downtime, that then drastically increases the amount of books that you're able to read. Now this whole video has been about how to read more books, but obviously reading more books isn't really the point. The point is the inspiration, the motivation, the education, the learning, the entertainment that you get from the books that you read. And if you are interested in a method for actually remembering more of the stuff that you read, there's a video over here. It's a couple years old, but it's still very relevant. This video kind of goes through my own system for how I connect up various different apps together, so that I can remember everything that I read. So if you're interested in remembering more of the things you read, you should check out that video over there. Thanks for watching. See you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [12 likes]: 📚 Get the list of my top 100 books to live your best life: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytpbook26

Join the Six-Figure Lifestyle Business Masterclass on 4th May: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpmasterclass
  2. @gkbrown2443 [1 likes]: The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." — Northanger Abbey
  3. @pharmclare: Very practical
  4. @WINHERO10: my problem it just one, NOT ENOUGH MONEY
  5. @macows12: After submitting email for books list I don't get the email with download link :/
  6. @SchoolAccount26: I love reading, no one has to 'make me' read. 😀
  7. @sidimedknt9690: Great video 🎉
  8. @Mohammed-t3b9n: I can watch any video at 2x except yours 🥲
  9. @Yogita-295: Ali can u plz give us tips on how to memorize a book.
I mean for students can u share your experiences and tricks. 🙏
  10. @GeorgeNelson823: yeah… this one actually stuck with me more than I expected. Definitely something I’ll think about going forward.
  11. @InPursuitOfCuriosity: Love your videos, Ali. You present great information. But please do remember to slow down and enjoy life as it seems like you are always in a rush.
  12. @TimothyHernandez-l3p: this is a good reminder to zoom out a bit
  13. @KlePhys: I would disagree only with the trashy books. I think these are not worth our time. One thing I would add which really helped me build a habit and get into books, is to start with smaller books. 100-200 pages. By reading smaller books you get the ''I can do it'' feeling and motivation to go on and in the end a satisfaction of finishing a book. Then you want more and more and it finally becomes a habit and you say to yourself ''I am a reader''.
  14. @Pinyaj96: Watching rule one at 10pm in bed with my ereader next to me, but watching this on my charging phone 😅
  15. @martyn_b_jones: I disagree about audiobooks. I think an audiobook and books are two different things. It’s a bit like saying I read a book by watching the movie of it. Think they have their place but to me reading a book is a different experience.
  16. @tromboneman4517: I’m a musician. Who listens to music a ton. So Audible, while great for road trips, generally is not the best for me. I need silence, hence why I prefer paper copies. But that’s me… it’s done a lot of good more than it’s ever done harm, so I’m glad that it’s helping people get into books.
  17. @tromboneman4517: For me: actually reading for enjoyment as opposed to what you “should” read.
  18. @fraincs: Audiobooks don't cut it for me.
  19. @annietsm: Like for Wheel of Time. I love these books😊
  20. @afshinnikkhoo2013: Reading faster allows me to visualize better whatever I read

- How I'd Create Content in 2026 (If I Had To Start Over): Kind: captions Language: en If you would like to take content [music] creation seriously this year, then here are five tips that I hope will help you out. And by the way, if you're new here, hello. My name is Ali, I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and author, and I've been making videos here on this channel since 2017, documenting the journey from being a broke-ass medical student to then being a doctor, to then becoming [music] an entrepreneur and a best-selling author and all that kind of stuff. And so, in that time, I've made like over a thousand videos on this YouTube channel, made loads of stuff on Instagram, loads of stuff on LinkedIn, and so I've been doing content for a very long time. And so, this is the advice that I would give to someone who wants to take content seriously this year. Tip number one, competitor analysis is unreasonably effective. A mistake I see a lot of people make when it comes to content is just sort of making it up as they go along, which is totally fine if you don't have any particular growth goals, shall we say? If you're doing content as a hobby, then you can actually just stop watching this video because and you can totally just ignore every single thing I'm about to say. But, if you are trying to do content as you're either trying to make money from it or you're trying to drive leads to an existing business or anything like that, then your approach to content needs to be more strategic than someone who's just doing it as a hobby. So, assuming that you actually care about growing your content platforms or using them to generate leads, competitor analysis is unreasonably effective. Literally every big creator that you know has a team, and that team is spending a lot of their time looking at what the other big creators are doing. In my case, you know, Becky, my YouTube producer, Nicole, our social media manager, a lot of what these guys do in their day job is looking at what else other people are doing. Which feels kind of weird, right? It's a competitor analysis. It's looking at, you know, for example, on YouTube, what kind of videos are doing well within our niche and within channels related to our niche. I did a video the other day called how to change your life, and it did really well. And then, a bunch of other channels did a video titled how to change your life because their teams all saw that that video from my channel was doing well, and therefore they did their own version of it. Now, there's nothing wrong with copying the title, cuz it's not plagiarism. It's just you're sort of getting inspiration from what is doing well amongst people who are playing the game well. Amongst students in our Lifestyle Business Academy, which is like my my online business school, they're all newcomers to creating content, and a big mistake they make is that they don't look enough at competitors to get a feel for what is working and how their content could be better by modeling what is working. If [music] you're a complete beginner and you're already struggling to post consistently, you don't want to let the need to optimize based on competitors hold you back from posting. Assuming you've got the foundation of taking consistent action [music] anyway, looking at what the competitors are doing and trying to model your content based of that and trying to sort of get inspiration from the channels that are growing or the channels that are big is a very reasonable way to adjust your strategy. Everyone is sort of extending the meta together, which is why I'm just not a fan of like "Hey, here are eight things that are working on Instagram right now." Cuz it's it's it's probably out of date. Like, the way you figure out what's working on Instagram or LinkedIn or YouTube is you look at what is working well on Instagram, LinkedIn, and YouTube rather than taking someone's word for it. You don't want to be copying someone's idea. You want to be sort of like taking inspiration from the idea and doing it in your own way. Now, when I'm doing this, I very rarely watch videos from people in my niche because I don't want to accidentally plagiarize the content of the video. But, I'll certainly look at the titles. There's a YouTuber called Nisha who's a friend of mine. She did a video called something like "17 Tiny Habits That Made Me Rich." And that was an outlier for her channel. I'm like, "Okay, I'm not going to watch that video cuz I don't want to plagiarize it, but I'll be like, 'Okay, that title did well for her. Let me do my own take on that title.'" So, maybe I'll just straight up do a "17 Tiny Habits That Made Me Rich" video. Maybe it'll be a "One-Minute Habits That Made Me More Productive." Sort of it's taking the format and doing my own version of it. And then, you can kind of see this work on LinkedIn and Instagram as well. On LinkedIn, for example, what you can imitate is the hook and the format. If a piece of content was an outlier, the hook must have been really good because if the first one or two lines are not good, no one's even going to click read more on the content, and so they're not going to engage with the content. If there's an outlier on Instagram or TikTok as a as a reel, you know that the first five seconds of that video must be good. Even if you want to use that hook word for word, you could totally use the hook, like the first line of the reel. Now, it would be a bit plagiaristic if you were to just copy the whole reel, but if you were to just use that line, what's a piece of advice you could give that could follow from that line? If I look at Hormozi Alex Hormozi's channel and I see that he's got a reel that went viral where the first line was something like, "These are three lessons I wish I'd learned in my 20s." I'm like, "Huh. Okay, I'm not actually going to watch his reel to see what those three lessons are, but I'm going to do my own three lessons to help you like in your 20s." This video is an example of an experimental video. I don't know how this video's going to do. I'm filming it while having lunch in a random restaurant in Hong Kong. I don't have a fancy camera. I'm talking into this with a fork. I don't particularly have much of a structure other than thinking, "You know what? I'm just going to speak from the heart about this thing that like I know some of our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy struggle with. So, what's the kind of video I want to do?" The thing that advances the meta is people doing experimental content, and then most of the time it doesn't work, but some of the time an experimental piece of content does. And it's in those moments that like you then get the outlier for your channel. And then, other people start to copy that because it works, and then it becomes part of the meta, and so it's no longer experimental, and so I think 80/20 is a good level of imitation versus innovation to strive for as you're building your sort of content engine. Now, if you're watching this and you happen to be an entrepreneur or a creator, then you're going to want to check out ManyChat, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Now, the way ManyChat works is that if you have ever seen someone posting on like Instagram that comment X to get Y resource, that's not like a manual thing that these creators are doing where like people are sending comments and then the creators manually like sending these thousands of messages. This is all made possible by ManyChat, which is an automation platform for social media. We've been using ManyChat for many years now, not only to send links, but also to ask new followers about what content they'd like to see or guide them through a personalized conversation or collect emails for like a marketing campaign. We've also built in a few like Easter egg keywords. For example, you try commenting the word Angus on any of my Instagram posts, and then you'll see something interesting pop up in your DMs. But yeah, if you're an entrepreneur or a creator, then obviously you know you need to grow on social media, and obviously you know that you can use social media to drive leads to your business and make money. And ManyChat makes that process way more seamless and way more automated than you just having to do it manually yourself. So, if you would like to grow your audience, connect with them meaningfully, and also potentially monetize them more effectively, then check out ManyChat for free using the link in the video description or use the code Ali Abdaal for a free 30-day trial of ManyChat Pro. So, thank you again, ManyChat, for sponsoring this video, and let's get back to it. Another key tip that I would say is that like content is a compounding asset. It's not going to happen within the first week or the first two weeks or even the first month or the first three months. Oh, lovely. Thank you so much. Can I grab another fork, please? Oh, can I can I steal this one? Thanks. I'm a little firecracker salmon. But especially if you're trying to do a YouTube channel, it's it's it's a compounding asset. Like, I've been doing this for like nine years now. It's a compounding asset that builds trust. Yes, competitor analysis is important in seeing what works, but the single most important metric to optimize for is you enjoying the process enough to keep going with it. If you only do content for three months compared to doing it for three years compared to doing it for 10 years, you'll have drastically different results. I find for me, getting away from the desk and, you know, I filmed a video at the local kebab shop day. We did one that was sort of just walking around my office the other day. Like, there's something about like being more chill and experimental with the format that keeps the process more enjoyable for me. And so, I'm willing to take the hit in terms of like views slightly in the short term for the sake of maximizing my enjoyment of the craft. There's all sorts of things to keep in mind, right? Like, there's there's like the foundational baseline of consistency, and then there's like the strategy that goes on top. But, it's also worth recognizing that your own enjoyment to stay consistent with it for years to decades is also a really important part of this. So, it's all it's all like a balancing act. Sometimes doing stuff that is under-optimized for the sake of you enjoying the process a little bit more is 100% a worthwhile trade to make. I have a lot of kind of big big YouTuber friends, and a lot of them feel this pull of like there is content that that will do well in terms of the views, and then there's content that they'll enjoy making. And over time, their own enjoyment often will diverge from the stuff that they know will get the views. And so, you get this balancing act between doing it for the views and doing it for the vibes. This is an example of a video that I'm doing for the vibes. If I cared about views in this video, we would have thought harder about the packaging, we would have thought harder about the title, I would have thought harder about like the framework of the video. I'm doing this for the vibes because I'm like, "You know what? This is a video that I think it could be just kind of interesting to to do in the middle in the middle of lunch." So, as you're embarking on your journey of content, don't forget that your own enjoyment is the most important part of it. But, the nuance there is that like if it's not working, you're also not going to enjoy it, right? Like, if your goal is to get leads for your business and you're like, "The most important thing is is me to enjoy my content." But, your content's not working, you will actually stop enjoying it. In our Lifestyle Business Academy, people like students will ask questions about content. Like, "Oh, how do I improve my content? Can you give me feedback on my LinkedIn profile? Like, oh, I'm struggling I'm not I'm not getting enough leads. Like, what's the problem?" And then, we diagnose, and then a lot of it is actually just asking lots and lots of follow-up questions because the advice given to one person, the complete opposite advice might actually work for someone else depending on what their situation is. So, I'm I'm trying my best in this video to give you a feel of like what are the trade-offs. Yeah, so I think if you're right at the start of your journey, you want to not think too hard about the enjoyment part because it's like when you're when you're a beginner to anything, it will kind of suck. You have to get sufficiently good to start actually feeling the enjoyment of the thing. It's sort of like playing tennis, right? So, you know that when you're a noob at tennis, it's actually not that enjoyable cuz the ball freaking goes out half the time and hits the net the other half the time. At a certain point, you become good enough that you're able to reliably hit the ball over the net, and you have a partner who's able to hit the ball back to you. So now, in that world, when you can actually have a rally and that rally is interesting, tennis starts to be fun. It's the same with content. Yes, your own enjoyment is important, and also you want to not think too hard about your own enjoyment of it when you're at the at the beginning of the thing. And at the beginning of of the journey, you want to really just focus on getting your first 30 posts out there or your first 50 things. Or just doing it consistently for the first for three to six months because the enjoyment can totally come later once you feel like you have a little bit more of a sense of mastery is the wrong word, but like mastery of the craft, if that makes sense. By the way, if you are enjoying this video so far, I would love it if you can leave a comment down below. This is a little bit experimental, like I mentioned, and I don't know if this format's going to work or if you like this sort of stuff, but I quite enjoyed making it. So, let me know what you liked, what you didn't like, what you think could be improved for next time down in the comments below. Cool. Thanks. And by the way, if you've been wanting to start or grow a YouTube channel, but you're not sure where to start, I have a completely free 7-day crash course that talks about the strategy, the skills, and the systems you need to succeed on YouTube. Another big tip I would say, and a a mistake I see my Lifestyle Business Academy students make all the time, is overusing AI. When you suck at doing content, i.e., you're a beginner, the temptation is there to just put stuff into ChatGPT and get ChatGPT to generate your content. You haven't yet developed the skill of actually doing the content or the taste for what makes good content. And so, you just outsourcing it to AI means the AI is doing the work, and increasingly people are getting very good, especially with text content, at immediately telling whether something is written by AI or not. Content is basically relationships at scale. It's a way of increasing people's trust level with you without you necessarily having to know or meet them. Right? Like back in the day, pre-content, the way you would increase someone's trust level with you is you'd spend time with them. You This is what networking is. This is what building a professional reputation is. Now it's called a personal brand, but that's, you know, professional reputation. You're going to networking events. You're speaking to people. You're like adding value to people. You're You're being helpful. You're exchanging numbers. You're adding people to your Rolodex, you know, back in the day. The more helpful you are, the more people's trust level with you increases. Now in the world of content, you're able to get this trust with strangers through putting useful stuff out there. With my stuff, I've been building trust with strangers on the internet for the last 9 years. There's like a certain like trust battery that you have with every person that interact and that engages with your stuff. And it takes a long time to build up that trust battery, but it's also very easy to lose that trust battery. And increasingly, I think, if your stuff comes across as if as if it was written by AI. Cuz no one wants to follow channels where they can tell that it was written by AI. It's It's not a flex anymore of like, "I used AI to write my content." In a world where AI content is like expanding on all these platforms, you kind of want to be the voice of humanity, the voice of authenticity, not one of the other five zillion people that are just outsourcing their LinkedIn post writing to ChatGPT. So I would say be very careful of where you're using AI in your process. And at the start, doing things manually is a better way of building up the skill than using AI for your stuff. Another big thing around content is over time you inoculate yourself against feeling cringe. So at the start, everyone feels cringe with the content that they post because we all fear social disapproval. We're all worried about what what people are going to think of us. As you get more comfortable with the content stuff, what it takes for you to cringe gets like higher and higher. I'm filming this in a public restaurant. Thankfully, there's not There's not that many people around, but if there were more people around, I would feel I would feel I would cringe at myself for filming this kind of video. If I vlog in public with the camera out, I cringe at myself still, even though I've been doing this stuff for 9 years. I have a friend, Simon Squibb. He goes out on the streets and approaches random strangers, and he asks them, "What's your dream?" Oh, when I imagine myself at the thought of doing that, I cringe. I'm like, "Oh my god, that feels so scary." I'm not judging him for doing it. I'm not like Simon Squibb so cringe for like approaching strangers on the street. I think it's amazing what he does, and I wish I had the confidence to do that, but if I just think about it, like I feel the palpitations of like, "Holy like will they think I'm creepy? Will they think I'm weird?" Especially if it's a girl that I go up to. I mean, that's weird. Like, "Oh my god." The timer doesn't cringe at it. He's in his 50s, and he's been doing this a long time. And this is why he's got like zillions of followers across all the social media platforms because his willingness to do things that will make other people cringe. He doesn't feel embarrassed about it. I don't feel embarrassed about sitting here in this like restaurant where there's not that many people around and opining about content. Most people would feel weird about even this sort of even this sort of video. Cringe is a feeling that you fear social disapproval. That's not to say that the thing is actually is is wrong to do. Now, there are some instances where you cringe at doing something, and it is also the the wrong thing to do morally or whatever, but you got to make that decision for yourself, right? Like, are you afraid because there's actually a problem here, or are you afraid because your brain is wired for like caveman era way we evolved over millions of years to really really care about the approval of people in our tribe. And now we're not in that world anymore. And in fact, the people who are able to do things that are more cringe are the ones who stand out. And standing out is how you grow on social media. All right, final tip I'd like to share. It's really useful to lean into your unfair advantages. You don't want to be vanilla ice cream on social media. If you have unfair advantages or competitive advantages that you've picked up over the years or things about you that are slightly different or unique or interesting or novel, then it's very much worth leaning into those things. This is hard to do initially because you might not even know what those what what those things are for you. You might not know how to lean into them. You might think I don't have any unfair advantages. You might think I'm not unique. I'm not a special snowflake and yeah, any of this sort of stuff. But everyone has a unique combination of advantages. This is where actually the competitor analysis comes in again. So when you are analyzing competitors, when you're looking at other accounts that are doing well, you want to start developing a sense for asking yourself, "What advantages are they leaning into?" And usually, the accounts that are growing, the social media profiles that are big, there's usually something quirky about them rather than just everything is beige and everything is non-offensive. You cannot be a big social media account without offending some people. You cannot be a life-changing presence to some without being a total cringe embarrassment to others. I think my content like is fairly vanilla. Like it's not that controversial. I don't have that many hot takes. But I do have some haters who say that like I'm toxic productivity or like, "I can't believe he listens to stuff at double speed." Oh, I see such a terrible person for leaving medicine. But I think I would actually do better on social media if I leaned even more into quirks, into like the sharper edges. But I'm afraid of what what people will think of me and I I don't like getting negative comments, and so I don't do it as much as I probably could. When you lean into your quirks or your flaws, your character flaws, it makes you more of an interesting character. So if you look at someone like Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes is this like savant-level, super genius-level guy, and also he's a drug addict and a bit of a dick. But the fact that he's a drug addict and a bit of a dick is what makes him a magnetic character because if he was just someone who was like a know-it-all, that's kind of insufferable. People don't like that. When you're thinking about building a career on social media, you don't need to be an It is useful to think, "What are my quirks? What are the things that my friends like about me that are slightly different from everyone else in the friendship group? And how can I just like lean more into those things?" What one way of figuring figuring this out is sort of like, "What do you have a strong belief about that is a little controversial or that other people might disagree with?" Now for me, what as I was thinking about this, like one of the things that I strongly believe is that you should use productivity systems in your personal life. And so I did a couple of Instagram Reels about like how to date productively, dating or sort of relationship productivity system. That is something that I actually do stand by. Like I didn't do that I don't do that content just for the sake [music] of the views. And yet, people found that found that somewhat controversial. So that's a sign that like, "Oh, that's interesting. This is something I genuinely believe that it sort of goes goes against the grain a little bit. Interesting. What can I learn from that data point as like a way of sort of leaning into my quirks when I'm doing content?" Like it's not like I'm encouraging you to do something massively controversial or whatever. But you probably, hopefully, have some kind of opinions or views that go against the grain of what most people would believe. And so once you figure out what those are, which which happens over time as you do more content, you can then start actively leaning into those a little bit more and sort of doing a little bit of molding of your personal brand [music] around like the sharp edges because the sharp edges are interesting. It's what makes you stand out. Now if one of the platforms that you want to make social media content on happens to be YouTube, I've got a video over here, which will be about my top tips for growing a YouTube channel this year. So you should totally check that out. Otherwise, thank you very much for watching, and see you hopefully in the next video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [17 likes]: Apply to the Lifestyle Business Academy - https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/yt_apply
  2. @HumanLawOfficial [1 likes]: “This inspired me to start posting my own progress online.”
  3. @Crescitaly_com: Great framing. In 2026, content is less about volume and more about clarity: who it is for, why they should care, and what signal the first audience gives back.
  4. @MiaV42: which restaurant is it? I also live in Hong Kong hahaha
  5. @BeatrizCunta: Loved this format! Think you should make more videos like that! I've been a subscriber since 2018, you helped me a lot through med applications here in Brazil, the decision to start a YouTube channel and even the Residency choice btw. Didn`t miss a content, but this one got me haha!
  6. @Hussainfluencer: 10:06 this makes total sense and very relevant to my reason to start creating content! 🎉
  7. @dithihasnat4991: I love to know more about content creation!
  8. @AsNeverSeenB4: Hi Ali! Are you still in Hong Kong? If you are, then I would like to meet you, as I have a small channel with about 73,000 subscribers and I want to scale it up.
  9. @AnikSerneels: I’d love your advice on something:
I’m currently developing a minimum viable educational product that I want to test and sell online. In one of your videos, you recommended starting with Instagram because you can directly DM people and validate your offer faster.
Part of me wants to focus on Instagram for that reason, but my natural preference goes toward YouTube. I genuinely love learning through YouTube and connecting with content creators there. At the same time, I’ve also heard that YouTube can be one of the hardest platforms for selling digital products, especially in the beginning.
So my first question is: what would you recommend in this situation?
And my second question: do you advise beginners to focus on just one platform during the early stages or even throughout the first year?
  10. @yunkailee9256: Trying hard to be chill!
  11. @snoozedeep: Thank you, have a nice day!
  12. @oldmanfromafrica: Mic on a fork. Love it.
  13. @falguni_alam: Much enjoyable! :D
  14. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  15. @SarahSchwarcz: Absolutely love your advice. If you're a beginner, focus on your first uploads and being consistent for these three to six months. For me, consistency was very key and the enjoyment can come once you have mastery of your craft. This helped me a lot and I love that you're holding your microphone with a fork!
 Would love to see more videos like this!
  16. @GermanWithKameleon: To answer your question: I like the format 👍
  17. @MacMinion: Level 81 efficiency—wearing watches on both wrists!)) 5:23
  18. @Lizzie_LibertyMind: I always enjoy the laidback videos Ali. It keeps it feeling real and authentic, and I wonder where you’ll be next 😂
  19. @GeorgeNelson823: yeah… this one actually stuck with me more than I expected. Definitely something I’ll think about going forward.
  20. @HumaraPakistan-kq8mh: Enjoyed

- The psychology of making money: Kind: captions Language: en All right, so if you would like to make more money and become financially free, then there are four key beliefs that school and society have taught you [music] that are really, really holding you back. And for each of these faulty beliefs, I'm going to suggest what you can replace it with to drastically increase your earning potential. If you're new here, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and author. I did really well in school. I went to a fancy university. I became a doctor. It was like what society respected. But that journey taught me all of the wrong things about how money is actually made. All of these beliefs are things that I had to unlearn through the process of becoming a [music] multi-million dollar entrepreneur. And so if you watch and apply this stuff in this video, I'm hoping it'll save you at least a few years [music] worth of potentially wasted time of mistakes that I made myself. Okay, so the first belief that school instills in us is not something that's instilled consciously. It's something that just sort of seeps into the fabric of school and society and it's just sort of like the water that we as fish swim in. And that is the idea that having a job is the thing that makes you money. If you ask people, what is the point of school? They'll say things like, you know, making friends and being cultured and like getting an education and stuff. But if you go like, okay, but like what's the point of getting good grades? What's the point of going to college? What's the point of going to university? What everyone will eventually say it's about landing a job, right? Because if you do well in school, you are more likely to land a good job. And what do we mean by good job? We mean a reasonably high-paying job that is relatively secure. Those are the things that we mean when we say land a good job. And it's just a general assumption that like of course if you want to make money, you're going to need a job. If someone does not have a job, people are like, "Oh my god, how are you making money? Like what's It's like a really scary thing to not have a job." But this thing, like job equals money, yes, of course it's true to an extent, but it actually misses the bigger picture of how money is actually made. This is the equation of how money is actually made. Money equals value created in something like dollars, so like the currency amount, multiplied by value captured as a percentage. Now one way of executing on this equation is through having a job, but it's not the only way to execute on this equation. And thinking of how much money you make as this equation, well, I promise improve your life and make you way more money than thinking of it as having a higher well-paying job equals me making money. So, what does this equation mean? All money is simply an exchange of value. In order to make money, you have to create value. What does value mean? Well, generally, when you are solving someone's problem or alleviating their pain or giving them what they want, that is considered value. People value those things and it's considered value because they're willing to pay for the thing. So, for example, if I was working in sales and marketing and I was able to bring in 200,000 dollars worth of money this month into my company, right? I have created 200,000 dollars worth of value in that context. That one's a very easy example. I'll say like when you start getting away from like literally making money, it's it's harder to quantify the value, but you can in fact quantify the value for everything. This is a bit of a tangent, but even like saving lives, like you know, I used to be a doctor in case you didn't know and you would think that like, you know, what's the value of a human life? Of course, it's priceless. But, it's actually not because every single health care system in the world, at least the sensible ones, actually does have a dollar amount that they are willing to pay for someone's life. In the UK National Health Service, for example, last time I checked, it was about 50,000 pounds, so about like 65,000 dollars per quali. Quali means quality-adjusted life year. So, the NHS, the UK's state health care system, is willing to pay about 65,000 dollars to extend someone's life by one year. And so, if a medication is cheaper than that, they will generally pay for it on the state system, so you won't have to pay for it yourself. And now like, I don't know, this like super expensive cancer treatment costs 500,000 dollars to extend someone's life by a year. The state health care system would be like, uh, it's kind of too expensive. We don't want to pay for this thing. It feels uncomfortable to us to put value on things like a human life, but people that run the state health care system do in fact put a put a particular value on a person's life. Now, let's say you're a doctor in that system and you've managed to save someone's life. You have created a lot of value because, you know, the health care system and the person would probably be willing to pay a lot to have that life saved. But, all that money obviously does not come to you as the doctor. You are only capturing a small percentage of the value that you create. In the context of medicine, this is a very good thing. We probably don't want a a where it's sort of like doctors are more like mercenaries and you know, it's like, well, I saved your life therefore you owe me x amount. Although apparently that's sort of how it works in the US with the with private healthcare systems. Anyway, I digress. You create a certain amount of value, but then you only capture a certain percentage of that value and that is the money that goes to you. So, our salesperson who brought in $200,000 worth of sales is probably not getting $200,000 worth of commission that month. Maybe they're getting $20,000 worth of commission that month month because the value captured number here is 10%. They've created 200 grand worth of value. They've been able to capture 10% of that value and therefore they have made money. Now, if that person's job happens to be a salesperson for the company, that's what happens here. As a result of their job, they are creating value. As a result of the relationship with their employer, they are capturing some percentage of that value and therefore they make money. But, if that salesperson was working for their own business rather than someone else's business, which is what having a job is called, they still might be creating $200,000 worth of value, but they're now able to probably capture a higher percentage of that value. Or at least the percentage of value that they capture for themselves or their business is more under their control. Of course, if you run a business, you're going to have expenses, you're going to have staff, you're going to have overhead, you're going to have all these costs, you're going to have to pay taxes, but in general, if you have your own business, you are able to capture a higher percentage of the value that you create compared to if you are an employee working for someone else. That's not to say working for other people is bad, but it's worth understanding the tradeoffs. It's worth understanding that the only way to make money is not in fact through having a job. If you are willing to take on more of the work, in particular the work of like getting customers and the work of like running a business, which in my opinion are quite fun skills to learn and generally more enjoyable than most jobs. If you're willing to take on that work, you're able to capture a higher percentage of the value that you create and therefore you're able to make more money. So, my recommendation is that if you are interested in making money, stop thinking of money as being this thing that happens as a result of a job. Instead, think of money as a thing that happens when you create value, you capture some percentage of that value, and then yes, maybe the thing that we call a job, i.e. a single contracted relationship with a single employer, might be your vehicle for creating and capturing value, but it doesn't have to be. There are other ways of creating and capturing value. For example, you could be a freelancer working with multiple clients, you could have your own business, working with multiple clients, maybe having a small team. You could build a lifestyle business, which is a business that's designed to facilitate your life. I run an online business school where we teach people how to build those businesses. There's lots of ways. You could build software that you sell to people in your spare time that creates value and you capture some percentage of it. You could write a book that you write in your spare time that creates value and captures a percentage of it. There are all sorts of ways to make money that are not just having a job. And this is the key thing that I wish schools would do a better job of teaching people. Now, at the point where you start making money, you're definitely going to want to invest that money, which is where Trading 212 comes in, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Me and my wife have both independently been using Trading 212 for the last like 5 plus years to manage our investments. This was way before they started sponsoring my stuff. The platform makes it super easy to get started with investing. There are no commissions. You can get fractional shares, which means you can get started with basically no money at all. They've also recently launched the Trading 212 card, which gives you up to 10% cashback on your everyday spending with no monthly fees and no hidden charges. And you get foreign currency conversion at the true interbank rate. you're someone like me who buys a lot of stuff online from different countries or signs up to all these software subscriptions, you can be racking up money in your Trading 212 invest account, which you can then use to invest in stocks and shares and other assets that you want to invest through the platform. And on top of that, any uninvested cash gets compound interest in up to 13 currencies. They also have a very nice pies and auto invest feature, which means you can basically follow other people's portfolios and like take inspiration from them and copy them directly into your account if you want. And so, all these features make it really easy to build a diversified portfolio on autopilot. As a little bonus, if you sign up using you will get [music] a free fractional share worth up to £100, so it's free money, you might as well sign up. If you would like to give it a go, head over to trading212.com/join/ali to get that special deal, or that will be linked in the video description as well. So, thank you so much Trading 212 for sponsoring this video, and let's get back to it. All right, big belief number two that school and broadly society instills in us when we are very young is this idea, sales are sleazy. When you think of the word sales, what is the image that comes to mind? It's probably not something positive. It's probably the image of a, you know, something like a used car salesman. But let me ask you, you know, have you actually been screwed over by a used car salesman? Most people have not themselves been screwed over by a used car salesman. Most people have just sort of heard that used car salesman like tend to screw people over. When you see films like, I don't know, the Wolf of Wall Street and stuff and you're like, you see the stuff like, "Sell me this pen." It frames sales as this sleazy, adversarial thing where you're trying to like hammer, bludgeon someone into like giving you money for a thing that they don't really need. It makes sales, the word sales, seem like a scary and sleazy and weird kind of thing. Relatedly, in the same sort of genre, there's the general idea that money is bad. And we get this through like things that we hear from our friends and from our family and from TV. There's a guy called Dr. Brad Klontz who has done a bunch of research published in the Journal of Financial Therapy, which is apparently a journal, that basically looks at the money scripts that we get taught throughout childhood. And he basically showed that like, you know, a lot of the beliefs that we build around money were just, are just sort of unconscious shaped by stuff that we heard when we were kids. So when you were a kid, maybe you heard something like, "All rich people are evil." And like, "The only way to make lots of money is to exploit the people underneath you." We develop this general attitude, this discomfort with the idea of sales, and this very clear discomfort with the idea of like talking about money, like, "Oh, if you make money, then you must have done something wrong." It's like, it feels weird to like, you know, get a promotion because your friends haven't got a promotion, so it feels weird to like talk about money. There's all this sort of discomfort and fear associated with the idea of money and sales. But this is a very, very unhelpful attitude as it relates to trying to make money. And I see this a lot with students in my Lifestyle Business Academy. You know, they're starting businesses for the first time and they're having to sell their product or their service or their coaching or whatever, and they get really, really, really scared about this because they have never actually tried to sell something before. They'll earn a decent living, they've got successful jobs, and so the only sales they've ever had to do is like negotiate a raise, which happens once once in a blue moon. And so then the thought of like getting on Zoom calls and like, you know, building sales pages and like talking to people in the DMs and to trying to sell something like ah, just fills them with this sort of dread of like, "Oh my god, I can't possibly do this. This is like terrible. I'm a I'm a terrible person for trying to sell my thing." But, what we try and do, and this is the kind of the reframe, which is much more helpful, is this idea that sales equals service. Yes, there are some organizations and people around the world that treat selling as like a sell me this pen. Go on then, like, you know, try and sell me this thing that I don't really need, and it turns into this adversarial relationship. But, for the most part, commerce and capitalism and the world and the economy or the economy as a whole functions on the idea that when a sale happens, it is because both parties are winning. Sales is a win-win type situation. Earlier this morning, I went down to the local coffee shop to buy a coffee. There was a sales transaction that happened in that event. I handed over 30 Hong Kong dollars, which is about £3. They handed me a cup of nice coffee, and both parties were happy. I was happy cuz I got the coffee, and they were happy because they got the money. It is a win-win. I pay my accountant somewhere between 30 and 50,000 dollars a year to do our business accounting and all of that kind of stuff. That is a win-win transaction. I'm happy because the accounting's done, and hopefully it keeps me out of jail. They are happy because they've got the money, and they've got like a client. If you actually care about trying to make money and trying to improve your financial situation in life, we've got to unlearn this idea that sales is this like scary, sleazy, terrible thing, and start thinking of it instead as being a service. Whether you've got a job or you've got a business, you are probably not, I would hope, trying to sell people stuff that they really don't need. You are probably not trying to force people to give [music] you their money. You are probably not trying to coerce them with threats of violence or intimidation to give you money in exchange for a thing. When you are selling something, you are merely making an offer. You're not forcing them. You're just merely making an offer saying, "Hey, I've got this book available. I spent 3 and 1/2 years writing this book. It's called Feel Good Productivity. It'll teach you how to do more of what matters to you. There's a lot of research that's gone into it. And by the way, paperback version was just released. It's literally like somewhere between 5 and 10 dollars. You can get it at Target. You can get it on Amazon. You can get it wherever books are sold, if you're interested." I'm not forcing anyone to try and buy my freaking book. You can buy it if you want. You don't have to, but like it's fine, right? Like if you do end up buying the book and you end up reading it and enjoying it and, you know, leaving a five-star review on Amazon or Goodreads, or something, you know, it's great. Like you've gotten value from the fact that you've bought this book. Now, I've gone a bit of a tangent here. So, you know that thing that I just did where I like plugged my book or whatever. What was your response to that? Was your response like a negative response? Did you judge me for having the audacity to like mention that I've got a book on sale? Or was your response neutral? Like, fair enough. Or was your response positive? Like, oh, huh, I actually haven't read Feel Good Productivity yet. Sounds like it might be interesting. You know, let me check it out. Was it a negative response, a neutral response, or a positive response? There are going to be some people watching this video who have a very negative response. If you have a negative response to what I just did with this book, you are probably going to struggle to make money. Because you judge me for having the audacity to to make an offer and tell you that I've got a book for sale. If you're like, man, Ali Abdal is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sellout. I can't believe he's got the audacity to like talk about his like $10 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] book that took him four years to write. If you judge me for that, you probably have an issue that sales is sleazy, that is bad, and you will completely sabotage yourself if you ever try and make more money because you have this association that someone trying to make money is a terrible thing. If, however, your response was neutral and or positive, then, you know, you probably don't necessarily have this. I mean, it we all have this to some degree. I still have some level of discomfort when it comes to sales. But it is a pattern I've seen time and time again. The people who judge other people for selling stuff, for the most part, are broke themselves. I have not met a single rich, successful, wealthy person in my life who negatively judges someone else for like making an offer in a nice way for a product that they have. But I've met a lot of people in my life who really want to make money, but also judge other people who are trying to make money in a negative way and end up just sort of staying in this holding pattern of like, oh, sales is sleazy, and I want to make money, but I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate everyone else who's trying to make money. And like it's it's this whole thing that like really really really holds you back. Okay, let's move on to belief/mindset number three. So, you know this equation that we talked about, money equals value created in dollars multiplied by value captured as a percentage. The way we create value is by using our skills. This is not getting controversial. If you have a job {slash} have gone to school or university or learned any kind of skills, you know that certain skills can create value that can be monetized and you can capture some of that value. That's why you get trained for having a job, for example. But, the key mindset shift that I wish more people had, at least people who actually want to make money, is another one of those things that we need to unlearn from school. So, what school and society basically teaches us is that if you want skills, you need some kind of formal training. Maybe you need to go to university to learn that skill. Maybe you need to take a course at a local community college and even evening classes where they teach you the thing. Maybe you need to hire a teacher in person to teach you the thing. This is how you learn skills, right? No, this is not how you learn skills. This might have been how you learn skills back in the day, but now we have something called the internet. And so, if you care about making money, it is far more useful for you to embody this idea that the way you learn skills is through self-learning. You teach yourself skills. I did a video the other day, and there was a comment on that video that got a lot of upvotes, and then I think the the writer of that comment ended up deleting the comment cuz I couldn't find it again. So, this video was about like how to get rich on easy mode, and I I basically argued in that video that the way you get rich on easy mode is you learn a skill that helps another person make money. So, like something to do with sales or marketing or coding or whatever. And there was a comment on this video saying that like this is completely unattainable for a regular person. What? Are you just expecting that a regular person is able to just learn these skills? What if they didn't go to university? What if they didn't go to college? How are they able to learn those skills? Thankfully, there were a bunch of comment replies to that being like, "Well, yes, because we have the internet." And I'm I'm very thankful to people in the audience for like commenting on that. But, that's the thing, right? Like, it's not your fault if you think that skills equals formal training. It's the fact that school and society is still structured in a way that teaches us that the only way [music] to learn a skill is to get formal training in that specific skill. But, if you care about making money, we've got to unlearn that. We've got to recognize learning skills as a matter of self-learning. You can learn literally any skill that you want. There are very few skills that in order to learn them, they're sort of like gatekept by someone else. Yes, if you want to learn to be a neurosurgeon, you probably cannot just learn that on your own watching YouTube videos. Rightfully, to become a neurosurgeon, you have to go through some kind of formal training program. You have to go through medical school. You have to be called a doctor before they'll even let you in to neurosurgical residency and you're going to need to practice on real patients, which you'll only do in the context of a formal training program. But that is a tiny, tiny, tiny percentage of the total number of skills that are available to people. Almost all of the others, you can just learn yourself by watching YouTube videos, by taking online courses from people who have done the thing, by reading books about the thing, listening to podcasts about the thing, trying to practice the thing without needing to ask anyone's permission for doing the thing. There are all sorts of ways these days in the modern world to learn skills. Now, I used to be a doctor in case you didn't know. >> [laughter] >> But you know, I might have mentioned it a couple of times. And I went to a fancy university. I went to Cambridge University, one of the best medical schools in the world. I have lots of friends who went to Oxford University. I have friends who went to Harvard, who went to Yale, at all of the big name universities you could think of. And have a guess, where was the biggest place where we actually learned the skills of being a doctor or the knowledge you need to pass the exams. It was not in fact through the university lectures. It was not through the university's course material. It was in fact right here on YouTube. The amount of stuff you can learn on YouTube these days, like it's literally like the best medical physiology lectures in the world are not inside universities. They are in fact here on YouTube for free. Even practical skills, like learning how to do a cardiovascular exam or a respiratory exam or like, you know, taking a stethoscope and being or like doing it like orthopedic examinations that you learn in med school and like how to examine someone's shoulder or how to, you know, examine someone's knee for like some joint issues in the knee or whatever. Yeah, they teach you those in med school. But where do you actually learn them? You learn them by freaking watching a bunch of YouTube videos where sensible people on the internet have like made YouTube videos like going breaking them down in depth. You watch those videos a bunch of times. You practice it on your friends. You go back to the video. A lot of the people who make the videos in also include like PDF resources in the description. So you use those and sort of print those off and mark those off. That's how you learn the skills as a medical student even at some of the best medical schools in the world. You learn through watching a freaking YouTube video and then applying it by practicing it on your friends. Even in that context where you would think medical school, fancy university, formal training, a lot of what you learn you end up self-teaching yourself thanks to YouTube videos and thanks to the internet. So please, I'm begging you, if you are actually interested in making your own money and becoming financially free, please unlearn this idea that like the only way to learn skills is through formal training. It's really not. You can teach yourself practically anything by just following YouTube videos, taking online courses, reading books, listening to podcasts. There's so many different ways to teach yourself stuff. And if you don't have skills, you don't have skills yet. You have not yet learned the skill of how to sell something. You have not yet learned the skill of copywriting or of coding or of AI automation or of any of these things that are like high-income, high-value skills in the modern economy. You do not need to do an MBA. You do not need to go go to university to learn those skills. You can totally just learn them by yourself in your weekends and in your evenings if you care about growing your skill set, which you can then use to make more money. And finally, key mindset number four that school instills in us is the idea that business and investing are very risky things. On the business front, school and society teaches us that man, if you start a business, you're going to have to get all this investment, you're going to have to put all of your own like savings into it, and what if things don't work out? You're going to end up broke and homeless and alone. And then when it comes to investing, we all have a friend, we all have an uncle, an Uncle Bob, an Uncle Tom, Cobley, whatever, who made this big investment back in the 1970s and like lost all his money because he bet it big on like this thing. And so we often associate the idea of starting a business or the idea of investing our money with the idea that we could potentially lose everything. Now this strikes fear into our hearts, right? Because obviously, money equals security, and the thought that we might be losing our security or gambling our security away for the sake of starting a business or trying to invest just fills us with dread and stops us from taking action on starting a business or on investing. But the truth is a lot more nuanced than that. Yes, sometimes starting a business can be risky. Yes, sometimes investing your money can be risky. But the devil's in the details. When it comes to investing, if your version of investing is like trying to randomly pick one stock that your mate recommended and put all of your money into that, that is obviously a dumb stupid thing to do. But, if your version of investing is what almost every sensible person says, which is invest in an index fund, i.e. you're spreading your money across like the top 500 companies in the US or the top 5,000 companies in the world, that is not risky at all. It's risky in the sense that if, for example, 2008 happens and then, you know, the market goes down by like 40% and then it after 2 years it recovers again. Or if like COVID happens or like tariffs happen and then in the short-term, the market in general sort of takes a bit of a downturn because people are scared, but then it recovers over time. If you do that and you are dumb and like any time the market goes down, you're like constantly keeping an eye on your portfolio and you're taking money out because you're worried about losing all your money, then you're dumb. And in that context, yes, you do lose money through investing. But, if you take money, you park it in something like an index fund and you just let it be. Historically, if you look at that over the past like 100 years, that has generally been a fairly safe way to grow your wealth. Similarly, starting a business, yes, if you were to take your 50 grand worth of savings and put it into this big moonshot thing where you're like, "Man, I really want there to be a market for recycled tote bags and I'm going to bet everything on this one business and I'm going to try and find a factory in China to manufacture my tote bags. I'm going to manufacture 10,000 tote bags and then you realize no one wants to buy them. That would be a dumb way to go about building a business. It's not that building a business is risky, it's that building risky businesses is risky. If, however, you were to do sensible things when it comes to building a business, like for example, making sure you validated the idea before you put any money into it, maybe starting with a service-based business where you don't need investment, you can just start of doing a service for someone who's willing to pay you for the service. In that kind of world, starting a business is not that risky and in fact, I would argue tentatively, if I may, that actually having a job is riskier than starting your own business. Because when you have a job, you are not fully in control of your own financial situation. Your manager, the CFO, the CEO of the company, like restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, all of this stuff is stuff that is fully outside of your control that could drastically change your financial situation for the worse pretty much overnight. Whereas, if you have your own business and you have multiple clients that you're serving, yes, you know, the the economy could take a downturn, your business could, you know, you could get fewer sales this quarter compared to last quarter, but in general, you have a lot more visibility and a lot more control over your financial situation when you are calling the shots rather than when you are working for someone else. And so, if you've gotten to this point in the video and you haven't yet seen my video about how to get started with investing, which shocker, is actually not that risky, then you should totally check out this video over here, which will give you a primer on how to get started with it and how you can use relatively safe investing to grow your wealth and make some passive income without taking all of that risk. So, that'll be right over here. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Baruttd [731 likes]: Loud-money fades. Quiet-power lasts– The Silent Laws of Cash Power explains why.
  2. @aliabdaal [8 likes]: Apply to join the Lifestyle Business Academy - http://lifestylebusiness.com/academy
  3. @JosephMartinez-o2s [1 likes]: this actually made me question a few of my decisions
  4. @SpeakMoneyWithClass [1 likes]: Take action on the plan 😊
  5. @mdsiamalrafi [1 likes]: Wonderful video I love this video. I wanna to see this type of video. YouTube suggest me this type video 😊😊😊😊
  6. @Anustupkumar [1 likes]: Ali Abdaal dropping bombs now
  7. @naturalcommunityreview [1 likes]: And so true, I had my own business and give it up - per my contract - to take a high paying corporate job - nine months later my position was eliminated and I'm (thankfully!) back to my own business and fortunately quickly picking up where I left off.
  8. @pharmclare: Definitely faulty beliefs
  9. @DonnattShilling: Been testing UGC Works for Reddit tasks while building my freelance income and it's pretty solid for filling gaps between bigger projects.
  10. @AndiSkripek: Great video! 🔥
  11. @AndiSkripek: You explained it perfectly!
  12. @HumanLawOfficial: “Watching this while working on my first freelance project.”
  13. @davidpatiencemaths4697: Le son de la version en français est horrible. Pensez à améliorer s'il vous plait
  14. @CalistaNwokoro: Thank you Boss
  15. @RosemarieReontare: thank u for this
  16. @CasonHuangvonTaiwan: Thank you for sharing 🥹🙏🏻🌸❤️🍀🌸🌟🌸🌸🌸🌸
  17. @TimothyHernandez-l3p: this is a good reminder to zoom out a bit
  18. @mayomayo9557: I really needed this.
  19. @CapitalCanvasAcademy: very informative video
  20. @HalilKanbur-c6h: I asked how the ultra-rich stay invisible. The answer wasn’t a course or a lawyer– it was Cameron Solan.

- If I Started YouTube from Scratch in 2026, I’d do THIS: Kind: captions Language: en So, I grew my YouTube channel from zero to over a million subscribers while I was working full-time as a doctor. But, that was back in 2017 through 2020, and things are very different. So, if I was starting from scratch again [music] today without any of my existing followers, but still knowing what I know, this is what I would do. So, in this video, we're going to be talking about the three S's that lead to success on YouTube. We're going to talk about how the goal that you have for your YouTube channel and business changes the strategy that you need to follow for your channel. We're going to talk about the most important skill you need to learn to drastically increase your chances of success. And we're going to talk about the salient systems that you want to build into your YouTube channel if you are going for the goal of the three F's: fun, [music] fulfillment, and financial freedom. And by the way, if we haven't met, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and author of the New York Times best-seller Feel Good Productivity. And since 2017, here on this channel, I've been documenting my journey from broke ass medical student to working full-time as a doctor to then becoming an entrepreneur and an author. Building YouTube channel has completely and utterly changed my life, and so in this video, I'd love to share my perspective on this for whatever it's worth. Okay, so the way to think about this is that there are three distinct factors that contribute to the success of a YouTube channel and help you build a YouTube channel that makes lots of money and helps you have lots of fun, fulfillment, and flexibility and freedom and all the fun stuff that we all want. Thing number one is your skills. Your skills at actually making decent content, content that gets people to click, content that gets people to watch, and content that gets people to know, like, and trust you as a human being. The second key thing that we need for a successful YouTube channel is strategy. It's not just about knowing how to make good videos, because you can know how to make really good videos, but if your strategy sucks, if the way that you're approaching the making of the videos is not very good, then you kind of end up with a YouTube channel where you've just got some like really solid high-quality videos, but like no one's really watching, no one's really following you, and you're certainly not making any money out of it. And then the final part that makes this work sustainably is systems. You can have really good skills, and you can pair it with a really good strategy, but if you don't have systems to help facilitate the content output of your YouTube channel, you're going to burn out very quickly, and you're not going to be doing it for long enough, consistently enough, and sustainably enough to actually see results. Now, I would like to double-click initially into the strategy point. So, we're going to put skills and systems aside. We will definitely come back to those a little bit later. Now, in order to figure out what our strategy should be for our YouTube channel, we kind of need something that comes upstream of strategy, and that is we [music] need to have a goal. A strategy is basically a plan that gets you to a particular goal, and so in order to have a strategy, we need to know what our goal is. What is the goal for your YouTube channel? Now, in general, when it comes to goals for a YouTube channel, um most of us have some combination of three specific things that we want, and these are the three F's of fun, fulfillment, and finances. We want a YouTube channel that is heaps of fun to run because we enjoy the idea of making videos, and it seems like a cool, fun, enjoyable thing to do. We want a YouTube channel that gives us fulfillment, so it has some kind of impact, and it makes us feel good that we're using our strengths and using our skills to have an impact on other people. And of course, some of us want to be able to make money from our YouTube channel. For some people, the dream is some pocket money, maybe a couple of hundred dollars a month, maybe a couple of thousand dollars a month. My dream initially when I started my business was to make three thousand pounds, which is like four thousand dollars in additional passive income every month because that would have allowed me to go part-time in my day job of being a doctor. There is a fourth F that sometimes comes into this, um especially kids these days, uh a lot of people want to start YouTube because they like the idea of becoming famous in some kind of way. But in general, as people grow older, they tend not to care so much about the fame side of things, or if they do want to be become famous, it's because they think fame facilitates finances, which it absolutely does to some degree, or that they think fame facilitates fulfillment to some degree because like if you're more well-known, you can have bigger impact and all that kind of stuff. So, I'm not going to worry too much about fame being like a good kind of goal to have as a YouTube channel. In general, for the people that follow my stuff, it's generally some combination of fun, fulfillment, and finances, ideally all three of these things at 10 out of 10 levels. Okay, so how does this help us figure out our goal, and therefore figure out figure out our strategy? Well, it helps us because even though in a dream world, we would have loads of fun, loads of fulfillment, and loads of money from our YouTube channel, it's very useful to decide which of these [music] things we care about more. And I often put it on a spectrum like this. How much do you care about the financial side of being a YouTuber versus how much do you care about the fun and fulfillment side of being a YouTuber? Because if for example, you don't care about finances at all. You're like, you know what? I don't really care about making money for my YouTube channel. I just want to do it as a thing that's fun because I love the idea of making videos. In that world, you actually don't need much of a strategy. You could totally make videos about whatever you want, whenever you want. You don't need to be consistent. You don't need to have an upload schedule. You don't need to watch videos like this one give you advice on how to grow a YouTube channel or any of that kind of stuff. It's when you start wanting to do YouTube for the money, wherever you are along the spectrum. Maybe you're like, I love the idea of doing YouTube for the fun and the fulfillment, but and it and if it works, it would be so nice to make some money from it. Now you have some kind of financial motive behind your YouTube channel and that is where having a sensible strategy really helps. This would be people that treat YouTube more like a business rather than a hobby. Again, of course, we want all of the above, but it is useful to be honest with ourselves about why we are trying to do the thing. And this is how we can think about strategy. There are three entities that we need to be a little bit strategic about if we are approaching a YouTube channel. There is you, there is your content, and there is your business. And a word that I would love to talk [music] about quite a lot throughout this entire video is the word alignment. What we are looking for is alignment between you, your content, and your business. Now, if there is alignment between you and your content, that is where you have fun and fulfillment. This is where you are making the kind of content that you enjoy making. Whether it's or entertainment, you're making stuff that you feel good about. That is alignment between you and your content. Now, when there is alignment between your content and your business, that is where you get the finances and that is how you make money. Your business is in general the kind of product or service that you're selling. Maybe you're selling an online course. Maybe you're a coach. Maybe you're a consultant. Maybe you're selling a service like AI automation or web design. Maybe you're selling a product like, I don't know, physical products, e-commerce store, maybe you're selling software. Maybe and this is not generally my recommendation, but maybe you're even doing the influencer business model where the only way you're making money is through AdSense and brand deals. Again, not my recommendation, but regardless your business is the thing that you are doing to make money beyond just your content being passively monetized on YouTube. So if for example in my case I'm selling software like Voice Pal which is our AI ghostwriting app. If my content is about like AI apps or about iPhone apps or about like go how to be a better writer or whatever, you know, there is alignment between the content plus the stuff I'm making videos about and the business I eat the thing I'm selling. If like I'm a man who's one of the students in our YouTube Academy, my content is around helping students land a software engineering job and my business is around helping students land a software engineering job, there is alignment between the content and the business and therefore I'm much more liable to make money. If I'm like one of our other YouTube Academy students Keppy and Ben and the business the thing I'm selling is a paid membership community that teaches people songwriting, then there is alignment between content and business if my content is also about teaching people how to write songs. And then Keppy and Ben's case that's exactly what their content is about which is why Keppy and Ben are making decent money, decent finances from the content and the business. [music] When you have alignment between you and your passions and also your content and also the business that you used to make money, when you have alignment between all those three things, that is when you get a perfect trifecta of fun and fulfillment and finances. So if I were trying to build a YouTube channel completely from scratch and if I knew that I wanted fun, fulfillment and finances, I'd be really focusing on this word alignment. How can I get alignment between me, my content [music] and my business? How can I make sure that the content I'm making is stuff that I personally vibe with which would give me the fun and the fulfillment. And how can I make sure I've got some kind of sensible business model so that the business aligns with the content so that I can actually make money. Now here's the thing, most people don't know exactly what this is going to be from day one. And you certainly don't have to know this from day one. You could totally just start making content about random stuff and then your niche can emerge over time and then eventually after creating content for a long enough time, you can then figure out what's the business model going to be. For example, there's a guy called Jeff Sue who is also a student on my YouTube Academy. He started out a few years ago making content about productivity tools. He had a job at Google at the time and he didn't really care that much about making money. His passion, what he cared about was the fun and the fulfillment because he really liked teaching. And so, he made content around productivity for a few years. And then over time, as he became the sort of like productivity for working professionals guy, he was then able to figure out like what products he can sell around it. Like course on how to use Google Workspace if you're a professional. He started out with alignment between what he wanted to do and the content he wanted to do because he didn't really care about making money at least in the early days. And then the product was able to emerge as a happy side effect of him being consistent on YouTube for many, many years. Now, if you're serious about growing your YouTube channel this year, then you're going to want to check out three of my courses that are actually available on Skillshare that are very kindly sponsoring this video. I've been teaching classes on Skillshare since like 2019. I have a really good course on how to edit videos using Final Cut. I have a really good one on how to get started with Notion. We use Notion to basically plan out all aspects of video production and so it gives you sort of a beginner's tutorial on that. And I've got a pretty sick course, if I say so myself, on productivity for creators. How to actually manage your time and do the content creation stuff in a way that doesn't [music] lead to you burning yourself out and completely ruining your life. If you haven't heard of Skillshare, Skillshare is a fantastic platform that has classes taught by people all around the world including people like me. There are classes on illustration and graphic design and AI and cooking and crocheting and almost anything you think of, any skill you want to learn, you can probably find a class for it on Skillshare. Recently, I took the how to draw class by Brent Eviston because I've been trying to get into art. And so my art skills are not very good right now, but through taking that class, I've been like, you know, trying to follow along and do the exercises. And what I like about a lot of the classes on there is that they have a little project that they sort of encourage you to do alongside the class so you're not just passively consuming content. If you're interested in checking it out, you can get a whole month completely for free and you can watch all of my classes and anything else you want in that month without paying a penny. And you can get access to that if you're one of the first 500 people to hit the link in the video description. Or if you would like to scan this QR code. So thank you again Skillshare for sponsoring this video and for being the place where I've been posting online classes since 2019. [music] And let's get back to it. Then we have another example of like content first, business second. That example is someone like Chris Williamson who runs the Modern Wisdom podcast which now has like millions and millions [music] of subscribers. It's one of the biggest podcasts in the world. He was doing his podcast for a long time on audio only and then kind of really wanted to take YouTube, which is why he took my course to like understand how YouTube works. I'm a big fan of the Part-Time YouTuber Academy because it really helped to take me from total noob with regards to how YouTube works to pretty well informed. I understood the physics of the platform. I understood the reason that you need to create a hook, the way to design your thumbnails, the way to set up both your lighting and your camera. Uh it was just a one-stop shop for me. I'd already done quite a lot of learning online on my own. I had taken a couple of other courses that were a little bit smaller, and this was my uh time to turn pro with going on to YouTube, and it made a massive difference. Ali and the content that him and the guys have created is very, very useful. And still now, 3 years after taking the course, I am continuing to rely on some of the resources that I took from it then. I highly recommend it. You should check it out. Over time, he was able to build an [music] audience of people who knew, liked, and trusted him by doing three podcast episodes every single week for like [music] 8 years. At some point, he was able to then monetize it through things like brand deals and sponsorships and stuff, but very fairly recently, he actually launched his own physical product, Nootropic, which is going really well. He was able to figure out the business side of things sort of downstream of playing the content [music] game first. So, that would be sort of the creator-first approach to building a YouTube channel. What this ends up meaning though is that you end up not making money for a [music] while. So, one big question that I always ask people when I'm coaching them through building a YouTube channel is, "How much do you actually care about making money in the short term? Are you willing to do YouTube consistently for two or even 3 years with zero guarantee that you're ever going to make money from it?" If your answer to that question is yes, "I'm doing this primarily for fun and fulfillment. I don't really care if I don't make money from it in the next like few years," then fantastic. The content-first or the creator-first path is perfect for you. But, if you do care about building money, then the alternative approach to building a YouTube channel and the approach that I personally followed back in the day, and the approach that I would still recommend if you're starting out today, is to go business-first. So, this is where you don't really worry about the content, you focus on building a business. [music] The key thing is that you are selling something that puts money in your bank account. Ideally, for as expensive as possible and ideally where the money that comes in is as passive as possible, although it's hard to find all when it comes to deciding what business to do. If you already have a business and you happen to be watching this video, then wonderful. You are the amongst the like 3% of people that watch my stuff who actually have an established business. That's amazing. You already know what your business is. So, now you can just plug in content and then YouTube is a marketing channel for your business and then life is good because you already know how to make money. You just need to learn how to make content and then as you get better at content through like strategy and skills and systems, then your business takes off and then life is good. But, if you are like 97% of people watching my stuff who do not yet have a business but who still want to make money, then the way we would think about this is we would kind of start business first. We would think, "What is the product or service that I could potentially sell based on my own skills, based on my own passions, based on my own experience, my own expertise? And then how do I plug content into that as a marketing channel?" In my case, back in the day, back in 2017 when I started my YouTube channel, the business I was in was a company called Six Med, which I've since sold. But, that was a business that was helping kids get into medical school in the UK. I was going up and down the country in the UK and but also in Singapore and Amsterdam and some other places and I was teaching courses in classrooms that was that were teaching people how to do well in the medical school exams. At a certain point, my business capped out at around 150,000 pounds a year in revenue and I decided, "Let me do content. Let me do content marketing on YouTube." I didn't know it was called content marketing at the time. I just thought, "If I make YouTube videos teaching the stuff, hopefully some people will think I'm legit and they'll buy my course." And that was what sustained the business for many years after that. I then sold that business and then focused on the content first thing for a while and ended up being known as a productivity expert and that was what led me to writing my book, Feel Good Productivity. I then continued doing the content thing for a while and loads of people started asking me, "How do you build a YouTube channel?" cuz I'd grown to a million subscribers while working full-time as a doctor and that was when the business thing came back into it where I started selling a course teaching people how to do YouTube. So, my approach to YouTube was actually business first. I had a business and then I decided to use content as a marketing driver for that business. Later, I sold that business and then just sort of pure content for a couple years, and then the business sort of came back into it, and that was what really helped me make quite a lot of money through building a YouTube channel. Another example of business first is a guy called Jeremy, who is also incidentally one of our students in the YouTuber Academy. Jeremy has a software business where he sells software that helps gardeners do better gardening. And then he decided to start a YouTube channel as a marketing driver for his business. And so Jeremy has alignment between him, his content, and his business. That's why he's able to make a ton of money through his software, and he's also able to have fun and fulfillment through creating content about the thing that he's passionate about. So if you do not yet know what your business idea is going to be, that tends to be the thing that holds the most people back. I have a bunch of videos I'll link down below, including like a custom GPT that's all about how to find the right business idea. But if I cared about making money in the short term, I really wouldn't be doing YouTube just for the vibes and hoping for the best. It still is possible to just make content and hope for the best, and then maybe build a business off the back of it further down the line. But that approach to building a creative business just gets harder and harder every year. You know, AI makes it super easy for anyone to create content. Everything is skewed towards short-form content anyway. Now, subscribers don't really matter. The algorithm pushes videos based on the content of the video rather than based on whether they're subscribed to you. That's not to say it can't be done. There are obviously in every single environment, every single era, even when things are very saturated, there are people succeeding. It's just that if I was starting again completely from scratch and I had all the skills, but I didn't have any of the audience, any of the network, or the business initially, I would try my best to figure out first what skills do I have that I can use to solve problems for other people. Ideally, those problems are as painful as possible. Ideally, solving those problems involves some kind of expertise that I that I have. And once I have an idea of what my business is going to be, then I would think about creating content that is aligned with me and my business. And then I would be much more likely to get to finances and fun and fulfillment without spending years in the grind of making videos without actually making any money from it. The caveat to all of this advice is that if you've been thinking of starting a YouTube channel for a while and you haven't yet made any videos, you can completely ignore this advice because the other framework that I've not talked about in this video, but I've talked about in many, many other videos over the years, is the framework of get going, get good, and get [music] smart. In the get going stage, we want to be making around seven videos without overthinking anything at all. You can basically, if you've made less than seven videos on your channel, you can ignore literally everything I've said up into this up until this point and just make those seven bloody videos because I guarantee the process of making those seven videos will teach you way more about yourself and about life and about business and about YouTube than watching a ton of videos about optimizing the perfect strategy while having never actually made a YouTube video. I have another video down below that will tell you exactly what seven videos to make if you're worried about what seven videos to make. But yeah, get going. At that point, we're in the get good stage where I generally recommend people make another 20 to 30 videos where they're not worried about the strategic side of it. This is where you can start thinking strategy as well, but like, you know, this is where you're focused on the craft of video making. You were focused on actually building some of the skills. Cuz what you might find after making 30 videos is that you actually freaking hate making YouTube videos. Maybe you'll find that you prefer writing instead. So maybe LinkedIn or Substack is better for you. Maybe you hate the idea of long-form content and so you might want to do short-form content on Instagram or TikTok instead because you might vibe with that a little more. And then once you've decided that like this YouTube thing is the thing that you want to do, then we can sort of be as strategic as we like. I'm not too wedded to you making like 30 videos before you think strategically, but I'm definitely wedded to you making at least seven videos before you start overthinking your niche and overthinking like Ali said, there's no point unless you have a business. Bro, just make the seven videos first and then we can talk about whether there's any point in continuing to build a YouTube channel depending on what business is going to be around it. Okay, so at this point, we've decided we want fun, we want fulfillment, we want finances. We are going to try and create content that is aligned with the business where we're selling something sensible on the back end of it and we're going to try and make the content and the business aligned with our own personal passions if we absolutely can. But another thing worth knowing at this point is you will get bored of your content way, way, way faster than your business will stop benefiting from your content. Cuz here's the thing, right? Like you are not a static entity. You contain multitudes and so your own perspectives and your own opinions and your own like values and your own like interests are going to change over time. I started making videos back in freaking 2017, making videos helping people get into med school. Do I still care about helping people get into med school? Not particularly, but if I was still running a business that relied on helping people get into med school, then I've like evolved way beyond that. My my content is going to start to feel weird because now my content is misaligned. So, either I change my content to reflect where I'm at, and then the business [music] suffers, or I keep my content aligned with the business, and then I suffer and I have no fun and fulfillment anymore because there are miles of misalignment between what I'm interested in what my content is interested in. In general, you'll make way more money if you stick to one thing and stick to doing it for a very long time. However, you and your own interests are probably going to change faster than your business can evolve. And so, this is the conundrum that every YouTuber has pretty much after probably a few months to a few years of doing content. At this point, what some people do is that they sort of just start business after business. Like, one day they're doing a course in productivity, and then the next day they're doing a course on how to build a YouTube channel, and then the next day they're doing a course on like how to start a business. It's like, you can do that. I've kind of done that a little bit over the years where I want my content to be broadly aligned with what I care about, and I'm okay with taking the hit of like having to build a business that that aligns with that to maximize my fun and fulfillment. But, really ideally what we're trying to do is just sort of keep these things in alignment. They might start out in alignment, they're going to go out of alignment very quickly, and then our job as YouTubers to if we want to continue sustaining the gravy train of fun, fulfillment, finances, and freedom and flexibility, is to try and keep these as as aligned as we possibly can. So, if you're at this point in the video and you're thinking, "Okay, what do I do my YouTube channel and/or business around?" Here are some questions that are very practical that you can answer. You can pause this video and you can answer these questions, or you can do some journaling about them. Question number one, if you were to build a YouTube channel and you knew you could never make any money from it, what are the sorts of topics you would want to talk about? This helps you identify what you're actually passionate about and where your interests might lie. Question number two, if you had to start a business and you were only allowed to sell something that was at minimum $2,000, what might you potentially sell? Question number three, if you were to start a business and you had to sell a cheap digital product, what kind of topic would you build your digital product around? Question number four, if you were starting a business, and you had to build a physical product business, what physical thing would you potentially sell? And question number five, if you had to start a business where you had to make content about the thing that that business was talking about for the next five years, what sort of topics might you be interested in doing content and business about? All of these questions are basically getting at the idea of like, what do you actually want to do? It comes back down to the idea of strategy. If you know what your goal is, you can then figure out a strategy that will get you there. And my hot take in this video is that the more you have this magic word, alignment, the more you have alignment between you, your content, and your business, the better your life will be. Oh, by the way, this is a little secret if you're at this point in the video. If you find me on Instagram, and you DM me the word strategy, that will give you a very, very special exclusive offer on our Part-Time YouTuber Academy. So, if you DM me the word strategy, then you can find out more about that if you're interested. Let's now talk about the critical skills you need as a YouTuber to for your channel to become successful. For the most part, the skills you're developing at being a YouTuber are trying to get at four distinct things, which are in these two categories. [music] Thing number one, is you are building the skills that encourage people to click on your videos. The skills around how do you make a title that's intriguing enough and clickable enough without being click-baity, and how do you make a thumbnail using AI, using Photoshop, using Canva, using whatever, maybe you're outsourcing it to a official graphic designer. How do you make a thumbnail that is sufficiently clickable? There is a major skill set associated with that. Then, there is a major, major, major skill set around how do you actually get people to watch your videos? You know, there's this whole thing of YouTube is not a video platform, YouTube is a click and watch platform. Someone has to click on your video, otherwise they're never going to watch it. And then, once they click on your video, YouTube really cares about the watch time, like how many minutes or hours or years are people actually spending watching your stuff. This is, itself, an enormous skill set, because this involves writing, it involves speaking confidently to camera, it involves like knowing how to light your video, knowing how your video can sound using like microphones, knowing how scripting and storytelling works. There's all sorts of stuff that goes into making your videos more watchable, but that is a massive skill set that you learn as you get better at being a YouTuber. What's less talked about, I find, uh, when people give advice about YouTube, is that there's two other things you want to get to happen. You want people to like you, and you want people to trust you. And if you can do those things, click, watch, like, trust, with a critical mass of viewers, then you're able to build a business around your YouTube channel that gives you fun, fulfillment, and financial freedom, the three F's that we really care about. In general, based on the way you come across, based on the way you're delivering value, based on your humor or lack thereof, case in point, percentage of your viewers will then start to like you. They'll start to develop a parasocial relationship with you, where they're like, "Oh, this guy or this gal seems kind of cool." And then that makes them more likely to want to watch future videos of yours, which is just very good for your channel and very good for building that relationship with those viewers one viewer at a time. But then, some percentage of the people that like you will also start to trust you. Now, trust actually happens in two different domains. One thing that viewers start to trust is your integrity. They start to think, you know, "Oh, this person seems like a nice person. They seem very honest. They seem like they've got good integrity, good character, or like that kind of stuff." And that is important, but another thing that's also very important is they start to trust your expertise. Now, this one is very important. This is especially true if you are building an educational-style YouTube channel, rather than an entertainment-style YouTube channel. And my hot take is that it's a lot easier to build a YouTube channel that gives you fun, fulfillment, and financial freedom if you lean into your own expertise. For example, one of the students of our Part-Time YouTuber Academy, his name is Tiago Forte. Now, Tiago makes videos about productivity and AI and like how to be more productive using AI and all that kind of stuff. And incidentally, Tiago took our YouTube course a couple years ago, and that was when he started taking YouTube seriously, and he said that If you're coming to YouTube to just find a new way to distribute your ideas and find subscribers, don't try to reinvent the wheel, don't try to learn it from scratch. Really look for the people who have invested in their own learning, their own training. And I can't imagine, I don't know of any other program that does that better than Part-Time YouTuber Academy. Tiago is not coming out there on camera and telling jokes and being like a freaking stand-up comedian or doing any kind of Mr. Beast type stunts, he is merely [music] providing lots of really, really valuable information and is able to demonstrate credibility and expertise in the niche of productivity, AI, personal knowledge management, building a second brain. When someone clicks on Tiago's videos, they click and watch and they're like, "Oh, this guy knows what he's talking about around productivity, personal knowledge management, AI, etc., etc." Some people start to like him. They're like, "Oh, I like this guy." Some people then start to trust him and he is a very trustworthy guy, very nice, very high integrity. I've gotten to know him over the years. And crucially, they trust trust his expertise. Now, why is that good for Tiago? Well, it's very good for Tiago because Tiago sells products that are based around his expertise. He has a course on personal knowledge management. He has a course on productivity. So, that means when people watch his YouTube videos, they they think, "Whoa, this guy knows what he's talking about." And then some percentage of those viewers will then want to click through and see what his paid offerings are. And in general, when you are building a business based around your expertise, if you can use those expertise to solve a problem that someone else has, ideally a problem that either helps them make money or save money or save a lot of time, you can then charge quite a lot of money for your expertise because you're solving a big enough problem. The problem that YouTubers who are generally in the entertainment world have is that they actually find it very hard to monetize. Unless they're absolutely huge like someone like Mr. Beast, then they can monetize, but they're not monetizing their expertise, [music] they're monetizing their attention through like a chocolate brand or through like a burger brand or, you know, KSI and Logan Paul through like an energy drink. No one is buying those things because those creators have demonstrated expertise in anything. They're buying it because they really like and trust the creators and they'll kind of buy whatever the creator is pointing to. But that's really, really, really really, really, really hard to do. I know so many creators who are a lot smaller than Mr. Beast and KSI and Logan Paul who have tried, including me, to build these brands where you're selling cheap things and it's so hard to do because it's so hard to get large volumes of people to buy your stuff even when the stuff is cheap. I also know a lot of creators who are in the sort of multi-million subscriber range who are doing like entertainment content, but because it's entertainment content, they're not demonstrating any clear expertise, which means the audience doesn't think of them as an expert in anything other than in being entertaining. Now, when you're in that mode where your audience just views you as an expert in being entertaining, it's really hard to sell stuff to your audience other than like tickets to your stand-up comedy gig or like merch, like you get into that territory where you're not really solving a problem for someone and therefore they're not really willing to pay that much money for it. But similarly, I know lots of creators who have a few thousand subscribers, not a few million, a few thousand subscribers, but who are so niched down into an area of expertise where that area of expertise is valuable to individuals and businesses that they are able to make millions of dollars a year from only a few thousand YouTube subscribers. That is what happens when you are able to demonstrate expertise and credibility through your content. [music] If you have pre-existing expertise, you should totally 100% lean into that. And if you don't yet have pre-existing expertise, that's okay, you can totally just build those skills. Everyone who is currently an AI influencer, none of them knew anything about AI 3 years ago. But because they decided to learn about it and were able to document the stuff that they're learning through their YouTube channels, they now have expertise in that domain, which is only like 3 years old. And so if they want to start a service-based business like an AI automation agency or they want to launch a course or a paid membership community that teaches people AI or teaches people how to make money with AI or whatever, they have the expertise and the credibility to be able to do so because they have learned the skill. So if you're at this point in the video, the practical questions I would love for you to ponder are: What are the skills, the personal or the professional skills that you have learned through your job, through your personal life, that you could potentially build a business or a YouTube channel off of, ideally a business and a YouTube channel because we ideally want the alignment between content and business as we talked about. Question number two, what sort of problems do people come to you to help them solve? And you can think about this in the workplace, so what kind of professional problems do people come to you to help solve? And what sort of personal problems do your friends and family come to you to help solve? Is there anything there? Could you build some kind of business off the back of that? Question number three, what are the sorts of things that you find weirdly easy, but you're surprised that other people find weirdly hard? That gives you an idea of what like your natural competitive advantages might be. Question number four, if you knew you had to make, let's say one YouTube short or Instagram reel every day for the next 365 days where you [music] had to teach someone something, what might you want to teach? Again, all these questions are trying to get at what is your expertise? What might your expertise be? Another really good example of this is Hannah, who's again one of our students in our YouTuber Academy. Hannah is a professional ballet dancer. Her expertise is the fact that she's a freaking professional ballet dancer. And when she joined our YouTuber Academy, she was going through surgery and she was recovering from like this really difficult period in her life. And this is what she said. She posted this as a win in our community. She said, "When I joined Part-Time YouTuber Academy, I was going through one of the hardest times of my life as [music] a professional ballet dancer. I'd just come out of surgery and I was stuck in the middle of a delayed recovery process. Physically and mentally, I'd never felt so low. I was frustrated, disconnected from my work, and desperately in need of something to pour my energy into, something that gave me purpose again. That is when I found the Part-Time YouTuber Academy. I blitzed through the main course in just a few weeks. It lit a fire under me. I took everything I learned and started implementing fast, and within a few months, I'd made 15,000 pounds in revenue. I'd launched my second online course. I have three more in the pipeline, and I'm now getting ready to launch my very own academy this August. The biggest mindset shift was learning to let go of the belief that I had to do everything myself. I used to dread the idea, for example, of working with editors, thinking it would be too much hassle to explain my style and vision, but I finally made the leap, and now I have two editors helping bring my content to life. I've also built a full YouTube production system in Clip Flow, and content is now running like clockwork. None of this would have happened without Part-Time YouTuber Academy giving me structure, strategy, and most importantly, belief. To anyone sitting on the sidelines, especially if you're going through a tough season, this work matters. It can truly It can truly change everything. Thank you, Ali. You're very welcome. And the entire P2Y community for shaking things up when I needed it the most. Now, how can Hannah make 15,000 pounds in just a few weeks after taking a YouTube course? Well, it's because she's got expertise. She's a professional ballet dancer, and she's leaning into that pre-existing expertise. If you're watching this, you are probably not a professional ballet dancer, but you're probably an expert at something or other. Like, what are the skills or expertise that you have that you could build your content around? You don't need to be that entertaining to, like, make a big difference in someone's lives by by teaching them stuff, and therefore being able to sell things that are based on that expertise, like an online course or a membership community or a service or a or program or things like that. Now, this is all talking about skills, but it really is also a strategy question. It comes back to the point we made earlier around alignment between you, your content, and your business. When your content leans into your own expertise or into your own niche, dare I say, it becomes actually a lot easier to make better content and also to monetize that content because it's a lot easier to be known for one thing than it is to be known for loads and loads and loads of different things. But, if you don't have systems, then you are having to manually do the work every single time you make a YouTube video, which is fine for your first video. It's fine for your first 10 or 20 videos, but very, very quickly you run into the issue of like this takes so much time. How can I possibly sustain this for years? That is where systems come in. You basically want to break down every aspect of YouTube video production into like a flowchart or a pipeline, almost like you're an assembly line at a factory, and then you're trying to find ways to systematize every step as much as you can without losing the soul and the authenticity that comes from actually being a creator. Firstly, you have ideation, actually coming up with the idea or the concept for the video. Again, super easy when you're just making your first five videos, but, you know, if you look at someone like me where I've made like a thousand plus videos over the last eight years, you start to run out of ideas pretty quickly, and then you start needing some kind of system for idea generation. Then, you need some kind of system for the three things of title, thumbnail, and hook. This is sort of like the packaging of the video. Now, yes, of course, you could manually think about the title, manually create the thumbnail every time, and manually really, really, really think about hard about like the first 30 seconds of the video. But, if you have some kind of system for it like we've built over the years, you know, given a concept, you can like record a voice note about the concept, you can put it into an AI, give it a sensible prompt, and it can generate title ideas for you. You can put that concept into various AI tools, and it can generate thumbnail concepts for you as well, and then you can just pick which one you like, and then you're able to take the photo and then edit it in Canva or Nano Banana or whatever tool you want to use to make the thumbnails. Over time, you develop your own template like I've got my own template system for all the thumbnails on my channel, which is why you notice they look kind of similar. Then, it comes to actually writing the video itself. This is the pre-production process. Now, the mistake a lot of YouTubers make at this point is that they script all of their videos word for word. You can You can do that. It just takes absolutely bloody ages. We recommend you do bullet points instead. And actually, this is one of the wins that Frederick, one of our students, posted. Hey fellow YouTubers, I just want to share a big win from applying the lessons in PTWA. I feel like things are really starting to click and pay off big time. From my latest video, I leaned into the triplet bullet point structure for the script outline. It was so much easier than scripting word for word. This means I went from idea to published video in just four days. This is something that used to take me two full weeks because I was grinding through word for word scripts. This feels like a game changer for consistency in the long run. So, again, in the course, we show you this the templates and the systems that we use, but again, I generally recommend, and I say this a lot, don't just wholesale copy and paste someone else's templates. You kind of want to use the templates as inspiration, and then you want to build your own systems off the back of that because a system that you build yourself is a system you understand way more than one that you've just copied and pasted without thinking too hard about it. Another tool that's really helpful here is an app that we've built called Voice Pal. That's how I plan most of my videos. I just hit record on Voice Pal. I speak to it. It asks me follow-up questions. And then I'm able to take all of that, put it into Notion, and use Notion AI to turn it into an outline based on the script template that I've already got. All of these are ways to systematize the process of creating videos, which otherwise would require quite a lot of work to sit there manually typing out a word for word script. Over time, you get good at having a system for filming. You know, back in the day, when I was first building my YouTube channel for the first couple of years, it would take me an hour every time to set up the cameras in my living room and then dismantle the cameras, and that would waste quite a lot of time. But then I realized, "Wait a minute. If I just leave the camera up at all times, yeah, it looks a bit annoying in the living room, but at least it makes the production process of YouTube videos way quicker." Now, thankfully, I have my own little extra room in the house where I'm able to like film stuff. But you start to then systematize aspects of your gear and aspect and I could the teleprompter and like the microphone and the cameras and the double angles, all of that sort of stuff is super hard to do initially when you were just learning the skills of like what ISO means and what a shutter speed is and what like an F stop is and like how lighting works and and all that stuff. But once you develop those skills and you build your own system around it, everything becomes a lot quicker. At a certain point, you develop your own system for editing your videos. Ideally, you don't even edit your own videos. Ideally, once you've edited a few videos, you then outsource your editing and you find a video editor. And again, as part of the course, we give you like the job descriptions and stuff that we literally use and we've been using to hire editors for the last like 6 years. You then have a system for publishing to make sure you're going through and doing all the sensible things. You eventually have a system for looking at your analytics so you can get sensible insights from your analytics. Maybe if you're someone who's on multi-platforms, you have a system for repurposing content. So for example, what we do is we make content for YouTube as our primary thing and then we repurpose some of that content onto Instagram, onto LinkedIn, onto TikTok. And all of these are systems that you start to build into your YouTube channel over time and this is, I think, one of the most important parts of building a sustainable YouTube channel over the long term. It's having the right systems. But if you're thinking of starting your own YouTube channel or you're trying to level up your existing YouTube channel, the studio in which you film your videos really matters in terms of like, you know, the the systems for filming and the systems to make it so that it's just not a total bollock every time you're trying to film a video. So I've got a video right over here that explains how I set up this specific studio where I'm talking you through exactly the process of how I set everything up from scratch, all the rationale behind it and so you can see how this filming system evolved over time brand new, very small room. So that'll be linked right over there. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you hopefully in the next video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [14 likes]: Join the Part-Time YouTuber Academy: https://go.aliabdaal.com/pinnedptya26
  2. @i9toro [1 likes]: Brasil presente
  3. @Leo-na-real: Eu nao sei nada de ingles, e gostaria de entrar na sua turma, tem alunos Português BR?
  4. @RhenaKondeyo-DreamDollarDiarie: YouTube Journey is not easy. Thank you for the tips
  5. @ClintLoweOfficial: I have no business - so I should quit?????
  6. @ThisWayAndAlways: I doubt if you were a successful doctor. I never seen a single decent video of your content.
  7. @YashJadoun-k3h: Radhe radhe
  8. @nadadosti: All the videos r abt starting from scratch wht abt small channels that want to get out from being stuck not being monetised for yrs already
  9. @Freedom_Droid: Thanks Ali, this is all great advice and your videos gave me the push I needed to get this fledgling channel off the ground this year. Keep up the good work and best of luck to anyone else starting in 2026!
  10. @JosephMartinez-o2s: this is a good reminder to zoom out a bit
  11. @totsu6217: pls add arabic language also
  12. @ministarbox9942: This is a very self-centred way to look at the whole process - me, my content, and my business.... What about the viewers? What do THEY want? What value can I provide to the viewers so they like and trust me? Instead of focusing on just me, me, me... focus on what viewers like and need. Because everything else - your content, business, money - depends on how you fulfill viewer's needs & wants.
  13. @HookedAndFrayed: Can you maybe do a camera set up for people who just have a portion of their living room for filming and some recommendations for lighting if natural is not an option ❤? It has been two of my biggest struggles. 
If someone sees this and he already has a video for this lmk?! 😅
  14. @AgapiKeshishyan: strategy
  15. @Profanswers: Thank you for sharing this ! I am trying to make a channel to fight brain rot content and I hope it will grow in size this year.
  16. @skitzaart: I'm just wondering how high is this top down camera 😄
  17. @PhDwithDrTaraneh: I just watched it fully. it was very helpful. alignment and the pace of self evolution compared to content and biz were very interesting.
  18. @ResilientMindset365: Reason I'm asking is I'm relaunching my channel after almost giving up. Starting over is scary, but I’m determined to turn my expertise into a real asset this time. Fingers crossed for this new journey! 🙏
  19. @OceanObscura: I like how the brown cards turn red when you pick them up. Cool detail!
  20. @ImranKhan.IK7SD: I am learning SEO. I will start my YouTube channel soon. 😊

- Brutally Honest Truth On How To Get Rich: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, I would like to start off this video with a little story related to a video game. Bear with me for a second for the story because I promise it relates to making money. Now, as you may or may not know, I used to be addicted to a video game called World of Warcraft, which I've been playing on and off for the last like 15 years. And there is a guild in World of Warcraft called Team Liquid, which is like the best World of Warcraft team in the world. And they compete in like the competitive e-sports and all of those arenas. And the guy that leads this guild is his name is Maximum. I don't know what his real name is, but that is that's his like video game name. And he also happens to make YouTube videos. Now, I watch a lot of Liquid Maximum's YouTube videos because as someone who's interested in this video game, and there's always been a part of me that's been like, "Huh, I wonder what it would be like to be a professional video game player." And so, I was watching a video from Liquid Maximum where he was talking about what the difference is between like top 0.001% professional-level players in this video game compared to even people who are in the top 1% or people in the top 10%. And one thing he was saying is that it is very hard for normal people like the average video gamer to even fathom just how much better someone who's playing in the top guild in the world, just how much better that person is like compared to their own skill level. And then there was one thing he said in this video that made so many things click into place for me, and this is where it relates to the art of making money. He said that if you think about what it takes [music] to get into this guild, Team Liquid, like the top guild in the world for this video game. He was like, "Basically, every single person who is in the guild has spent the last 15 [music] to 20 years of their life spending eight to 12 hours a day every single day purely devoted to the task of trying to get good at this one specific video game." not saying that that's a good thing or a bad thing or like they're morally better than you or morally worse than you because they've just spent loads of time devoted to this one thing. [music] But the way he put it was like, "Hey, these guys have spent all this time just doing this one specific thing, and you have spent the last 10 years of your life just doing something else. Instead of you spending the last 10 years of your life grinding away in World of Warcraft, you might instead have had a real job. You might have been playing sports. You might have been watching a bunch of TV. But you were doing something other than just single-minded devotion to this one specific video game." So, what he's basically saying is that if you look at the people who are in this top guild in the world in World of Warcraft, they have just sunk way more hours than you can even fathom into [music] this video game specifically. Of course, there are other factors like I'm sure there's like skill and talent and and all that kind of stuff, but like if you wanted to be one of the world's best players at this very specific video game, you would have to sink loads and loads and loads and loads and loads of time into it. And then with the time that you're sinking into it, you would have to then actively try and actually improve at the game rather than just playing the game for playing the game's sake. Now, what does any of that have to do with making money? Well, there is a pattern that I've seen amongst people that I know who make a lot of money and people in my audience and people who come up to me and ask questions in workshops and stuff. And friends of mine even who want to make money but are not really making as much money as they would like. The pattern is this: In general, all else being equal, the people who make more money are spending way more of their time actively trying to make money. The people who make less money are probably spending less of their discretionary time actively trying to make money. Now, in this video, I'm not going to get into the conversation about privilege and about like unfair advantages and about like all of that kind of stuff. All of that stuff is definitely important in terms of how rich you can get and also how easy it is for you to get rich. But, the key point I want to make in this video is if you are trying to make more money, then you probably need to spend more time actually doing that. So, if you're still with me at this point in the video and you haven't switched off yet, then I'm assuming you have the goal of making more money and I'm assuming you're not quite making as much money as you would like. So, I would like to pose a question to you. If you imagine how you've spent your time over the last 10 years, how much time would you say you have devoted on average every week to something related to trying to make more money? Uh I'm not talking about your day job unless your vehicle for making money is specifically in your day job. Like let's say you happen to be a super highly paid algorithmic day trader working at Jane Street or something like that. And that's your vehicle for getting super rich, then sure, okay, that counts. But, if you're that, you're probably not watching this video. But like in general, of the 168 hours that you've had every week for the last 10 years, let's say you spent 56 of them sleeping, let's say you spent 12 of them like eating and going to the toilet and stuff. You've got 100 hours left. You've had 100 hours of time that you you play with every single week over the last 10 years. Now, whether you've had to go to school, whether you've had a job, maybe around 40 to 60 to 80 of those hours disappear. Of course, if you've got responsibilities like kids and families and you're caring for people or any of that kind of stuff, again, some of those hours disappear as well. I'm just curious, of those 100 hours in the week, how many have you actively devoted to attempting [music] to make more money? Whether that's improving in your job, whether that's learning new skills that lead to more income, whether that's starting or growing your own business, how many hours have you spent doing it? Now, as I mentioned, the main pattern that I've seen amongst the people I know, including myself, who are sort of wealthy or financially free or you know, whatever you want to call it, is that they've just spent more of their time actively working on the thing. Another few examples to drive this home. You know, I go to the gym a few times a week and I see people who are way more jacked than I am. In general, assuming all else being equal, assuming they haven't taken steroids or whatever, it's a pretty reasonable guess that if someone is more jacked than I am, it's cuz they've spent more time going to the gym and probably more time caring about their nutrition than I have. Right, that would be pretty uncontroversial take. I have friends who are way better at cooking than I am. Probably fair to say that they've spent more time actively learning how to cook and improving their skills at cooking rice spices and stuff. They've probably spent way more time cooking than I do. I'm a pretty basic amateur guitarist. I have a bunch of friends who are amazing at the guitar or amazing at the piano. Sure, there might be some level of like innate talent involved, but like for the most part, if someone is way better than me at the guitar or the piano, they've just spent way more time than I have working on the guitar and the piano. And the reason I'm making this video is because it sounds obvious, but I don't think it really is that obvious that if you want to make more money, you got to spend more of your hours every week actively trying to make more money. It just doesn't happen on its own. It doesn't happen by default. In a video I made about how to get rich last year, I told the story of my friend Jane who has been wanting to become a millionaire for the last 10 years and it's it her key goal in life is to become a millionaire so that she can be financially free and so that she can retire her parents and like pay off the parents' mortgage and all that kind of stuff. And outside of her day job, when I ask her, "How many hours a week do you actually spend actively trying to make money?" the answer is [music] basically zero. She had never even thought about the question. She just had this goal of becoming financially free and becoming a millionaire, but for some reason, for a lot of people like the goal of making money doesn't feel like a goal like, I don't know, trying to get better at running or trying to get jacked or trying to become a professional video game player where obviously you have to put a lot of time into it. Because money is sort of like sort of I don't know, woven into the fabric of society in some weird way, we treat monetary goals often not as in the same way that we treat other kinds of goals, which means for a lot of people it's not actually obvious that if you want to make more money you actually need to spend a bunch more time than you probably are currently actively trying to make more money. By the way, if you are enjoying this video so far and you are interested in making more money on the internet, which you know, we all are [music] these days, one service that I find super helpful that I've been recommending to everyone for ages now is called Stan who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Now, Stan is basically the dream toolkit for creators and solopreneurs. It lets you set up a beautiful storefront where you can sell courses and digital products and coaching calls, build an email list and pretty much anything you like and it's all in one place for just $29 a month. Now, what Stan does is that it replaces a bunch of other different tools that you would otherwise have to string together to get something like this and it does it all for one super cheap subscription. Me and my team are huge fans of Stan and we actually recommend Stan to all of our students who are taking our lifestyle business academy, which is our online business school. And what I love most about Stan is how easy it is to get started. You don't need to know how to code, you can be a total noob to business and even then you can still launch your online store in under 5 minutes. And they also don't take a cut of your sales either, which feels pretty rare these days. So, if you are thinking of turning your skills or your passions into a business and you would like to get started in the simplest way possible and Stan are offering a free 14-day trial. So, if you go to join.stan.store/aliabdaal you can redeem that to get the trial or you can click the link in the video description and that will get you the trial. So, thank you so much Stan for sponsoring this video and let's get back to it. Now, what counts as actively trying to make more money? If you're just starting out, honestly, anything can, even like reading books, even watching YouTube videos, even listening to podcasts, all that kind of stuff about money, about entrepreneurship. But, the rule I would suggest is that that only counts for the first, let's say, 3 to 6 months. If you've been spending longer than about 3 to 6 months where the only work you were doing on trying to make more money is reading books about it or watching YouTube videos about it, including this one, then I would say that those hours stop counting after around about month six. Beyond the six-month point where content consumption perhaps counts, I would say what counts beyond that point is how many hours per week are you actively building either the skills or a product or a service that helps solve problems for other people who are willing to pay to have those problems solved. So, either that's improving your own skills at your own job and trying to get better at solving problems within the context of your job so that you can negotiate for a raise, or more likely if you're trying to get rich quicker rather than slower, it's about building some kind of product or service in the context of your own business. That product or service solves some kind of problem for people who are willing to pay to have that problem solved, and so you make money as a result of that trade. How many hours are you spending per week actively working on that? Now, I would like to show you some data here because for the last few months I have been running an online business school called the Lifestyle Business Academy, and we've got a bunch of students that are currently in the program. Everyone who's in the program is basically a beginner entrepreneur who is like a working professional, they've got a job and everything, but they want to start their own business. And so this like online business school is sort of like me and my team and our team of coaches and mentors, we're like mentoring people on their journey to starting their first business. If you're interested in learning more, there'll be a link down below. But, the reason I mention it is not to do that plug. The reason I mention it is because every single week we ask every single one of our students to fill out a spreadsheet. This spreadsheet is their weekly scorecard, and actually most of the students have been actually filling it in most of the weeks for the last like many months. Now, this is one of the scorecards. I've anonymized the data for one of our students. Let's call her Hermione, but the numbers in here are actually real numbers. Now, there are various different metrics that we ask our students to put in their scorecards every single week, and you can feel free to copy this if you would like. We ask them hours intended to work. How many hours are you intending to work in your lifestyle business this week? We ask them hours actually worked. How many hours did you actually spend working on your lifestyle business this week? Content posted, how many pieces of content have you posted? How many followers have you gotten as a result of the content you've posted? How many DMs have you started, like direct messages that you've been initiated with people that you know, or uh people commented on your stuff? How many calls, discovery calls or sales calls have you booked? How many calls have you have you actually taken, and then how much money have you made amongst other things, but this is sort of like a simplified version. So, in this context on Hermione's scorecard, I would like to draw your attention to the hours worked column. So, in week one, she works zero hours cuz I think she was on holiday and started a bit late. But, in week two, nine hours spent working on her business, trying to actively make money. Now, Hermoine actually has a full-time job. It is a fairly demanding full-time job, and Hermoine also has two kids. But, on top of that, Hermoine is actively finding the time to work on her business every single week. So, we can see nine hours this week, 11 hours, 10 hours, nine hours, 11 hours, six hours. Then, it was the Christmas holidays or something or when she went on holiday, whatever. Then, 13 hours, 15 hours, 15 hours. And you can see how that time spent, you know, she's posting five to seven pieces of content pretty much every week. She's getting a few dozen followers pretty much every week. Took her a while to start DMs, but now she's started doing DMs, and now, in particular, for the last three or four weeks, she's done quite a lot of DMs. She's been booking in quite a lot of calls, increasingly more the more DMs she was sending. And we can see she's actually closing quite a lot of revenue for her lifestyle business. Now, in Hermoine's case, she has a great offer, she has good experience, she knows what she's doing. She's like a very impressive student all round. But, crucially, none of this would be happening if she wasn't [music] investing somewhere between 10 and 15 hours per week on average in actively working on the business. Next up, I would like to show you the example of another student. Let's call him Harry. Harry has been in the program for the last like 12 weeks. Now, Harry hasn't actually made any sales yet. He's not actually made any money. But, I think it's only a matter of time. Why do I think it's a matter of time? Because Harry is very good at actually doing the work. Look at how many hours he is investing into his business every single week. Harry also has a full-time job. 20 hours, 18 hours, 20, 20, 20, 21, 20, 15 hours, 10 hours, 17 hours, 12 hours, 12 hours, 16.25 hours. Harry is going with the strategy of like cold outreach for the most part, a combination of cold outreach and content. sending lots and lots of DMs. 70 DMs, 50, 69, 41, 77, 7, 23, 23. Harry's posting a bunch of content to try and get leads towards his business. He's getting small numbers of followers, but he's very, very new to the whole thing. This stuff takes time and gets better with time. And he's slowly booking in some calls to sort of pitch his offer to people and try and refine his offer. Harry is entering a market where he doesn't have much experience, and so it's unlike Hermoine, where Hermoine was sort of making money from day one. It's going to take Harry a bit longer to make money because he has to develop the experience first and the credibility and all that kind of stuff, which is totally fine. But the key column that I look at when I see like who's actually going to make it in terms of their lifestyle business is kind of this one, like how many hours are they actually putting in every single week? Yes, of course, it's not just about the hours, it's also about what you do with that time. So, you know, how good your content is, how good your offer is, how good your strategy is, all that all that kind of stuff. But like the prerequisite is putting in the hours in the first place. And so, I think Harry is in a few years going to become a very successful business person and is going to have a six-figure lifestyle business because I've seen the amount of dedication that Harry puts in in terms of just this this sheer number of hours that he's willing to work each week. Now, if you are at this point in the video and you're interested in making more money, maybe even through starting a business, or maybe in just like leveling up in your existing job, have a look at some of these numbers. Like these are people who are taking the art of making money seriously. They are beginners, probably just like you. They're not like established entrepreneurs. And you can see how much time every single week is being dedicated to this specific goal of trying to make more money. Now, again, I just want to say it is obviously not just about the number of hours. We do, uh full disclosure, we do have some students, thankfully they're in the minority, we have some students who are putting in a lot of hours, but those hours are not actually translating to meaningful actions, uh often because they're sort of stuck in their head and they're overthinking their stuff and they're spending like eight hours on a LinkedIn post rather than 20 minutes on a LinkedIn post. And so, like if they do 16 hours of work, it results in two pieces of content rather than like way more stuff than that. But, you know, as coaches and mentors, we are working with those students to help guide them through so that they can use their time more efficiently to translate into actions and outputs and outcomes. But, the key thing is they're still putting in the time, right? Like that's the primary domino. If you're not putting in the time, then all of the other dominoes, like it's a lot harder for them to fall over as well, especially when you're a beginner. When you become more experienced, when you're a pro entrepreneur, you actually don't need as many hours. If you are, for example, Jeff Bezos or Bill Gates, you can make a ton of money without putting in a lot of hours because you've already built up so much leverage and so many skills and so much of a network and connections and pre-existing wealth over the decades. So, then your requirement to put in loads and loads and loads of time kind of goes down. But especially when you're a beginner and you haven't yet built up the skills, the credibility, the experience, the leverage, the team, the money, the network, all of the things, especially in that case, you kind of just have to put in a lot of time and there aren't really any shortcuts other than putting in quite a lot of time and then getting better at the thing over time. Now, the way I think about this and the way we've designed it, it's sort of like a funnel in our score cards. So, ultimately, the thing that we want is money. That is like the end result of this equation. In order to make that money, we need certain outcomes. For example, a sale being closed or a proposal being accepted or followers increasing or like um email subscribers or all all of these are outcomes like results that we are trying to affect in the world that are upstream of the money arriving in our bank account. So, then how do we get to the outcomes? Well, to go one step upstream of that, we have outputs. So, for example, in the score card, we ask how many pieces of content did you publish? That is an output. How many followers did you gain as a result of the content you published is an outcome. The output is broadly under your control because you can control how much stuff you're making, but the outcome is a little bit less under your control. It's still partially under your control, but it's not fully under your control. It's an outcome that's out there in the real world. So, you got money, money comes from outcomes, outcomes tend to come from outputs. Now, outputs tend to come from actions. You have to take the action of creating the content in order to get the output of the content having been created and having been published. And then the thing that is upstream from actions is the primary point of this video, which is time. The time that you are putting in every single week, the discretionary time outside of all of the things you have to do, outside of your job, outside of the fact that you're sleeping, outside of all your responsibilities. For the most part, the more time you are able to devote to this equation, this goal of making money, whether it's through your own career, whether it's through through your own business, or through some other shady mechanism that doesn't fit into those two categories, the more time you are putting in, generally, the more actions, hopefully, hopefully, the more actions you're able to take. Those actions lead to outputs. As you get better at strategizing and improving your skills at those outputs, they result in more outcomes and those outcomes, if your business model and your business strategy makes sense, leads [music] to money. We're going to be doing more videos on the channel in the future in the sort of Freedom Friday series and we've got a bunch on the channel already about more aspects of this equation, but the primary thing I would like to leave you with is this question: How many discretionary hours are you spending every week devoted to the goal of making more money? Now, if you're at this point in the video and you actually don't have the goal of making money and you're just like hate-watching an Ali Abdaal video because I don't like I don't know why, that would be weird. You don't have to do any of this. All of this is just if you want the goal of of making more money. If I wanted the goal of becoming a professional World of Warcraft video game player, I would have to devote a lot of time to getting better at the craft of playing World of Warcraft. Currently in my life, I do not want that goal. So, you know, I'm not fussed about it. But, when I was in my 20s, I had the goal of becoming financially free. I had the goal of making more money. And so, to that end, I was putting in somewhere between 10 and 15 hours in addition to like my full-time day job as a medical student and and a doctor from like 2013 onwards, where I was like actively trying to build a business alongside my medical school career. And this requires sacrifices. It does require trade-offs. Like, you know, there are only 168 hours in a week, as we talked about. You sleep for 56 of them. You're eating and toileting for 12 of them. You have 100 hours-ish. In that time, you got to do all the things you have to do. So, your day job, your school, whatever the thing is, and all of your other responsibilities. And so, for a lot of people, they simply don't have the extra 10 to 15 hours to actually invest into the goal of making money. If that's you, then one question might be, where can you find the time? Is there anything you can cut out from your life if you have the goal of making money? Have a look at your screen time. Is your screen time more than about 10 to 15 hours a week? If so, maybe that's some time that's just materialized out of nowhere that you could use if you wanted to to the goal of making money. I'm not saying it's morally good or morally bad to make money. Money is a morally neutral thing. But, I know a lot of people who follow my stuff, who watch the videos on this channel, do actually care about making money. So, if that is you and there's one thing that you take away from this video, I would love for you to consider tracking how many hours you are spending every single week actively trying to make money. And that would be a very, very good starting point. And then, once you're putting in 10 to 15 hours a week of that, then we can talk about the other things like what specifically you're doing, what your business strategy is, what skills you're learning, what content you're doing, what your offer is, what your packaging is, all of the stuff. But, it all comes downstream of putting in more time. Now, if you're interested in figuring out ways to actually find more of that time to devote potentially to the goal of making more money, there is a video right over here which includes my 168 hours spreadsheet. And this is a spreadsheet that's completely free. I explain it in the video. You can download and you can see where your time is going and you can figure out where you want to be able to carve out additional time to work on your business or to work on your money-making schemes. So, I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching, and I will see you hopefully in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [13 likes]: Apply to the Lifestyle Business Academy - https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/yt_apply
  2. @thepilotgirl: man, the efficiently you minused Shaheen or whatever her name is and grabbed Izzy and even had a child. Master move, bro. Look at me still where I was in 2019. You, Gem Goddess. 😂
  3. @ActualidadMexa: Insane how motivated im right now...
  4. @Gullyboytales: thanks for inspiring ali abdaal :)
  5. @satori369: How are you so energetic?
  6. @МанэЕпремян: i find this video misguiding. spending more time doing sth doesn't necessarily mean succeeding in it. i've been spending all day long every day the last year and a half, yet i'm even worse than when i started, i assume i'm doing certain things wrong.
  7. @SadekIbtissem: Thi video made me realise im not late at all bcz the answer to what the past 10 years been is i was a kid 😭
  8. @iamMarianneMiettinen: Thanks man! :)
  9. @GoldRocketGamers: Yes I have the goal of being financially free, but I'm also hate watching your Harry Potter references 😂😝
  10. @SoroushTorkian: Being happy while attaining success is probably a Sysyphean pursuit. .
  11. @NikolaiAlexanderWestall: Great video!🙏
  12. @smartlearningmantra: As always, excellent 👌 video. Thanks Ali
  13. @Abdullah_Ways: LOVE ALI BRO
  14. @SubashEnglish: I know I'm really late to this video. This is because just like Ali asked, I've been putting in the time to improve my business and didn't have much time for YouTube.

Ali if you don't mind, please keep up this series! It'll really help beginners like us!~ 🙏🏾🙏🏾✨
  15. @hl7548: I just subscribed!
  16. @streetlightM: Liquid max sent me here
  17. @wongkc: Your results follow your time. If you want to make money, you have to spend time on it.
  18. @vfedorychak: Hi guys! Could you help me? What the mic use Ali in the video?
  19. @imraansafla: I think you should post some WOW gameplay content Ali... Could a get rich quick idea xD
  20. @stellatavallaei9920: So sad to see a medical dr that could have saved people’s life now is talking about making money!!!😭😭where are we heading?😢

- If I Started A Business in 2026, I'd Do This: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so let's assume you want to make enough money to be financially free, but you don't just want financial freedom, also want time freedom, i.e. you can have the flexibility to spend your time however you want, and you also want to create a freedom to do work that energizes you and that feels kind of fulfilling. I am a big advocate for one particular method of getting those things, and that is to start your own business. And so, I've been talking about this sort of thing for the last year or so, and the single biggest question I get from people in the audience is, "How the hell do I come up with a business idea?" [music] And that is what we are going to be focusing on in this video. This video is going to be all about what you can do, the practical steps you can take to try and come up with a profitable business idea. And to that end, we have also created a nice little like workbook for you that goes through all of this stuff. It is completely free. There is a link down below. If you download it, you can print it off, and this will help you come up with a profitable business idea. It's linked down below if you want it. Okay, so how does this process actually work? Well, as you might know, all money is basically an exchange of value, unless you are the Fed or unless you are like the bank, you're not allowed to print money. Unless you want to go to prison, you're not allowed to steal money. Therefore, the only way for you to make money is for someone else to give it to you. Therefore, we need a person. We need a person who's going to give us the money. Now then, the question we need to ask ourselves is, "Why would a random person choose to give you money?" Well, the reason a random person would give you money is because they have a problem that you are able to solve. So, we have person and we have a problem. So, there is a person who's willing to give you money in exchange for a problem being solved, but in general, you don't just wave a magic wand and solve their problem. That is where the third element comes in, product or service that helps solve the problem. So, that gives us what I think of as the holy trinity as it relates to business ideas. We need to figure out who is the person who's going to give us money, what is the problem that they have that they deem sufficiently valuable that they can give us money to solve, and what is the product or service that we can create that helps that person have that problem solved in exchange for their money. And the way I like to think of this is that it's it's almost like you can think of these as LEGO blocks, you can think of them as like a deck of cards. It's like, you know, imagine you've got like, I don't know, the cards here for a different people, different products, and different problems. Like, in order to get a profitable business idea, you just need one You need to choose something from your person stack, you need to choose something from your product stack, and you need to choose something from your problem stack, and then you have a business idea. If the person has enough money and/or the problem is sufficiently valuable for for them to spend money on it, and they deem the product to be a reasonable exchange of value, i.e. they care about having the product and therefore solving the problem more than they want to hang on to hang on to their money, you then have a profitable business idea. Like, it's it's not complicated. It's a fairly simple process to get these things, but back when I was a noob to entrepreneurship, I just didn't appreciate any of this stuff. Okay, so how do we figure out person, product, and problem? Well, there are three phases to this process. The way I think of it is sort of using this kind of diagram. Wee. Phase one is diverge, phase two is converge, and phase three is emerge. This is sort of the general process of creativity. You start out by like thinking broad, divergently, coming up with loads and loads and loads of different potential ideas. You then, by a process of elimination, converge on the thing that you think you want to do, run it as an experiment, and in the process of doing that kind of discovery, the right kind of niche or business idea for you emerges. And that is how you get to all of the money that you want to make and the financial freedom, time freedom, and the creative freedom that you want. So, if you download the worksheet, this is the process that we're going to take you through, and I'm going to sort of talk you through some of the bits of this process so that you can see exactly how it works. But if you want to do it yourself, you should check out the worksheet. Now, given that we know we want these things, person, prob- product, and problem, mistake that a lot of beginners to entrepreneurship make is that they start here. They start with the product. They think, "I want to build an app, or I want to design a hoodie, or I want to build a tote bag, or I want to design a like whatever." They're starting with the product in mind, and it's an okay place to start, but from having coached a lot of people through the process, generally, you get quite a lot more value by thinking person and problem first before you worry about the product. Now, this combination and person of person and product is often called a niche. It's sort of like you have a group of people, so person plural, they have problems, and this intersection of like a specific type of person who has a specific type of problem is then defined as your niche. And so, within our Lifestyle Business Academy, when we take beginners through the process, the first thing we do is that we try not to worry too much about the product, and we instead try and figure out like what could the niche be. Now, as we talked about, we're going to start thinking divergently, so there's a few different ways we can try and get at who is the person and what is the problem. The first one is that before doing any of that, you should just write down any initial niche ideas you have. That is the very first thing. If you imagine, you know, what sort of problems could I solve for what sort of people, and you just take whatever comes to mind, you just go on the worksheet and you're like, "I could potentially help this sort of person potentially solve that kind of problem." Okay, so method number one of figuring this out is to start with our what I call craft skills. [music] What do I mean by craft skills? I mean, basically, any skills or expertise that you already have as a result of your personal or professional or life experience. So, you might want to ask yourself, "What are the sorts of things that you are good at? What are the sorts of things that people come to you for help with? What are the sorts of things that your employer is already paying you to do? What are some skills you've developed as a result of solving certain problems in your own life?" All of this basically gives you a list of skills. For example, when I first launched my medical school admissions business like 13 years ago, I did a similar sort of exercise where I was like, "Okay, what am I good at?" Well, I know how to make websites cuz I'd spend like ages trying to teach myself website design when I was a kid cuz I was weird. I mean, really cool. I was like, "I think I'm pretty good at teaching because I'd been working as like a private tutor for kids for a few years at that point, and I sort of backed myself as it relates to teaching. I was pretty good at close-up magic." I was like, "Can I start a business based around close-up magic?" I tried getting some gigs at a restaurant that totally flopped. I also did pretty well in the med school admissions exams back when I was applying to med school. I kind of vaguely know coding like super basic. And so, for me, these were just like random skills that I'd developed when I'm aged like 13 to 18 of just like exploring random crap. If I think of examples of students in our Lifestyle Business Academy, which is our like online business school mentorship program that helps beginners start businesses, we have quite a lot that have experience in like people management because they've worked in corporate, and so they've been managers. A lot of them have the skill of what I'm going to call biz ops, so business operations and things like that. A bunch have the skill of automations cuz they've built like Zapier and Make and recently n8n automations at work or inside projects. AI is a big skill set that some people have these days. If you have ever been interested in being a creator or something, maybe you have the skill of video editing. I didn't when I started out, but now I would say I have the skill of video editing if I need it. Something like being confident at speaking on camera, camera confidence. Something like public speaking could totally be a craft skill. Quite a lot of this stuff is very vague, but again, we're just thinking divergently. We're just trying to come up with as many different cards as we possibly can because this is part of the divergent thinking process. If you're enjoying this video, then you might like to check out Skillshare, who are very kindly the paid partners of this video. If you haven't heard by now, Skillshare is an online platform with thousands and thousands of creative classes taught by real people. And if you want somewhere to start, I actually have a bunch of classes that I've published on Skillshare myself. They cover things like building better productivity systems and making videos. So, if you want to make real progress with your goals, you want to be more productive, or you've been thinking of maybe starting a YouTube channel, those would be good places to begin. What I love about Skillshare is that every class has a project. So, you're not just passively consuming stuff, you're actually making stuff, you're getting feedback from other members, and you are genuinely learning by doing. I've been teaching on Skillshare since like 2019. I also like taught myself to edit videos by literally watching Skillshare classes about how to edit videos, and then I made my own Skillshare class about how to edit videos. There is a lot you can learn on Skillshare from productivity, video editing, like art, illustration, cooking, copywriting, graphic design. There's like like almost any skill imaginable, there's probably a Skillshare class on it. So, if you would like to give it a go, the first 500 people to use my link in the video description, or to scan the QR code on screen, if you're one of the first 500, then you'll get a 1-month completely free trial of Skillshare where you can check it out, you can browse and watch the classes to your heart's content, and you can see if you vibe with it. So, thank you so much, Skillshare, for sponsoring this video, and let's get back to it. So, we now have a list of our craft skills. The next thing we want to do is we want to create a list of things that we are passionate about. But can we add anything to the list if we think of passions? I mean, for me, it would have been like World of Warcraft, which was one of my passions back in the day. It would have been like watching uh trashy TV shows. Can't really build a business off of that, but like, you know what? Screw it, we're just going to We're thinking divergently, we're going to put it down. I was passionate about singing, but really sucked at it. So, it wasn't really a skill, it was more like a passion. These days, I would say one of my passions is uh Harry Potter. Actually, Harry Potter in general would have would have been a passion back then, but recently, actually, Harry Potter fan fiction is a passion of mine. And so, you know what? I'm just going to stick that over there. You get the idea. We're sort of divergently thinking and listing all the things that we are passionate about. And if, for example, you find that you feel like you don't have enough of these skills, you can do a third thing, which is skills I'd like to learn. You do not have to start a business based on skills you have, you can actually start a business based around skills you would like to learn. So, maybe AI is on your list of skills you'd like to learn. Maybe UX design. I might think, "You know what? I really want to learn the skill of uh therapy, shall we say?" Forget about the credentials and all that kind of stuff. I just want to learn the skill of therapy because I like the idea of being able to offer therapeutic support to people. And you know what? I really want to get better at guitar. Why not? Let's stick that on the list. Great, we now have a list of skills. And by the way, this diverge, converge, emerge process is sort of what inspired this little pen that I have designed in collaboration with my favorite stationery brand, Baronfig. If you are into fancy stationery like I am, you might like to check it out. I'll put a link down below. It's a really cool pen. I've been using it for months now ever since I got the first prototype. The story behind this is that I was at a writer's retreat where James Clear, the author of Atomic Habits, happened to be there, and so we were hanging out, and he gifted me a copy of his own pen. And I really liked that pen. I thought that pen was absolutely sick. And it became my favorite pen for a very long time until I lost it. And that pen was designed by Baronfig. I was like, "Oh, Baronfig, I've heard of them." Like, cuz I I'd seen their notebooks around. And because I loved that pen so much, I ordered a bunch of stuff from them and fell in love with the stationery brand. And then, I got an intro to the founder, Joey, and reached out to him, and I was like, "Hey man, I love the James Clear pen, but like I really wish it was in white. Can we design like a more light mode version of like the James Clear pen?" And he was like, "Oh, funny you mention that. We actually have this hexagonal one that we can potentially collaborate on a design for." And so, we've collaborated on a design for it. There's a link down below if you are interested in fancy stationery for whatever reason. This is not a paid partnership. They're not sponsoring this video or anything, but we do get a tiny cut of sales from the pen if you if you are if you're interested in checking out the pen. It's yeah, it's great. I love it. So, now that we have this list, what we basically want to do is figure out, okay, can I think of any combination of people and problems that any of these skills could potentially help with? And again, we are thinking divergently, so the goal here is quantity rather than quality. My passion for World of Warcraft, to what extent could that potentially solve the prob- a problem that someone has? Well, it's a passion rather than a skill. If I was really, really good at playing World of Warcraft, maybe I could help aspiring professional World of Warcraft players solve the problem of like getting better at World of Warcraft. But like, I'm nowhere near good enough for that. Okay. What else? I'm passionate about World of Warcraft. What problems does that help me solve? Not very many. I'm not going to throw it away. It's still useful to have in our list, but it doesn't immediately lend itself to a problem that I can solve for someone who would genuinely have that problem. What about website design? Like, okay, well, website design is one of those skills that obviously solve the problem if someone needs a website. So, you're like, all right, cool. Well, there are a lot of people in the world that have the problem of they need a website and, you know, if I were to design websites for them, then maybe that could be a thing. So, for the problem of I need a website, what I'm then trying to do is think about who are the people that I know who have the problem of needing a website that I could potentially solve. We generally don't want to think of people in the abstract. It is generally easier to start a business where you know the name of your first client or your first customer. So, actually, the first money I ever made doing my own thing was actually website design. And I went to all my friends back when I was aged 13 years old, went to my friends in school and I said, "Hey, does anyone's parents need a website?" And one of my friends, Luke, hooked me up with his stepdad who needed a website. I designed a website for that person. He paid me like 30 quid to design that website and then I was able to make money at the age of 13 by solving a problem for someone who had it. But there are loads of people that I would know beyond my friend Luke's dad who, for example, need a website. One thing you might want to consider is who do you know who owns a business or who is high up in a business? Because like, for example, businesses have loads and loads and loads of problems and generally it is easier to sell stuff to people who own businesses because they can generally justify the return on investment for the thing. If, for example, you've got a friend who owns a business and they'd totally down with you buying them lunch and just asking them about their problems, that is where you get amazing, amazing insights as it relates to business ideas. If you're thinking that you don't know any business owners, you probably do. You're probably just like one degree of separation from them. Do you have a friend who knows someone who like runs the local kebab shop or who is a freelance designer? A business does not have to be a big thing. There are loads of people out there who are like self-employed. You probably know someone who's self-employed. Or if not, you probably know someone who knows someone who's self-employed. Like, could you find a way to talk to a bunch of different people and ask them about their problems so that you could generate niche ideas if nothing compelling is emerging from this sort of divergent process that we're going through. So, again, in the context of web design, I'd be listing out all the people that I know, like actual names of people. I'm like, okay, you know, my friend Johnny runs his own like accounting practice, looked at his website and his website kind of sucks. So, maybe he has the problem of like needing website design, you know, that that sort of thing. This is just my hypothesis. I'm just like spitballing here. We're just thinking divergently about what potential business idea it could be. Maybe I'm like, oh, my friend Ravi is actually a private practice plastic surgeon. And then I'm like, "Hmm, I wonder if Ravi has a website?" And I'm Googling him, looking at his LinkedIn profile and being like, "Yeah, he's got a website, but it's just like a GoDaddy sort of landing page, so he doesn't really have a website." You get the idea. You start doing this for people you know. If you have been creating content for any length of time and you have a bit of an audience on social media, your person could be, and this would be vague, but it could be something like people in my audience. Of course, we'd want to get a little bit more specific about what sort of people and all that kind of stuff further down the line, but hey, we're just spitballing here. We're just thinking divergently. We don't need to overthink it. For example, one of our Lifestyle Business Academy students, his name is Ricardo. He has a YouTube channel where he he does like medical content for people who speak Italian. And so, people in his audience are generally people in Italy. And so, then he might be asking himself, "What problems do they have?" And one big problem that he identifies was that they want to lose weight. And he, as a doctor, is able to prescribe them like Ozempic or give them weight loss advice or whatever. You get the idea. Again, we are thinking divergently. No idea is a bad idea. And there's a nice phrase from a chap called James Altucher, which I really liked. I came across it many years ago, which is, "If you can't think of 10 business ideas, great. Think of 20 instead." The goal here is quantity, not quality, and we really do not want to be quite mired in overthinking right now. And I'm deliberately being like vague and messy about this. If I'm taking someone through the process one-on-one or through a Zoom call, we literally, if it's real life, we get out post-it notes. If it's on a Zoom call, we get out a Figma board and put post-it notes on the thing and we just do this as a messy, divergent, creative process that helps us generate a bunch of ideas. We do not want to be judging any of the ideas at this stage. Now, we are moving to the converging phase. Once we've generated loads and loads and loads of different potential business ideas, we're going to try and converge onto the ones that make the most sense to experiment with initially. There's lots of different ways of doing this. Alex Hormozi has a framework, but the framework I like most of all is from a guy called Takemore, who's one of my mentors, and it's based on this idea of person, problem, promise. And then you are asking yourself three questions for each of these different potential niche ideas. So, let's say I was like, person is, I don't know, World of Warcraft players. The problem that they have is that they're not very good at playing World of Warcraft. And the promise is, I don't know, maybe I help them improve your enjoyment of the game. So, let's say that is niche number one. Let's say if I think of my first business that actually worked, it was sort of med- medical school applicants in the UK. UK med applicants, that was my person. The problem was that they were bad at the BMAT medical school entrance exam. And the promise was, ace the BMAT medical school entrance exam with the implication that that will increase your chances of getting into med school. Therefore, enter med school. And let's use another example of one of our Lifestyle Business Academy students. Their person is UK accounting firms. They're selling to businesses. The problem is that client onboarding takes too long. And their promise is automated client onboarding to save time or something like that. Now, in reality, your list would be like 15 to 20 different things long ideally if you're following along with the process and following along with the worksheet. And then we are asking ourselves three questions. Number one, do I like the idea of working with this group of people? And you rate that red, yellow, green. Question number two, >> [music] >> can I actually help these sorts of people with that sort of problem? And you rate that red, yellow, or green. And then the final question is, will this sort of person be delighted to pay to have this kind of problem solved? Which sort of gets at, do they have the money to pay and is the problem enough of a problem in their life that they will be delighted to pay for it? And you rate that red, yellow, and green. So, you got your three questions. Do I like them? Can I help them? And will they pay? If you've seen previous videos of mine here on the channel talking about business advice, my recommendation is that you start a business in the high-ticket space. High-ticket meaning you're charging at least $2,000 if you can. Obviously, adjust depending on your currency and stuff. But if I was starting a business from scratch today, I would try my best to sell something for at least $2,000. And so, my question would be, does this sort of person have that kind of money? And secondly, is the problem sufficiently painful for them that they would be willing to pay at least $2,000 US. So, would World of Warcraft players who are not very good at World of Warcraft pay $2,000 to improve their enjoyment of the game? Absolutely not. It's not a painful enough problem for this sort of person. Would medical school UK applicants who are bad at the BMAT exam pay $2,000 to ace the BMAT? Well, that would be a yellow. I'm unsure. It wouldn't be the students themselves who are playing paying, it would be the parents. If they're rich parents from like China or something, like international medical school applicants and they're paying 50,000 a year in terms of like university fees, then paying two grand for them to ace the BMAT to increase their chances of getting into med school doesn't seem like too much of a stretch. But if I'm targeting homegrown students in the UK, which is kind of what I was doing, rather than international students, and I look at my competitors and see what the what prices they're charging, it was a lot lower than two grand and therefore I'm like, maybe they wouldn't have the the means to pay for that specific thing. Let's say my person is UK accounting firms and client onboarding takes too long and therefore my promise is automated client onboarding to save you a bunch of time. Do I like them? Well, you know, I've got a couple of friends who own accounting firms and I love talking to accountants. You know, they're kind of boring, but they're very humble and very nice. So, like, you know, yes, that's a green for I like them. Can I help them? Well, I mean, I've never actually worked with accountants before, but like, you know, I'm pretty good at like automations. I've used Zapier, I've used Make, I've used Integromat before. I kind of get the theory around how to automate stuff. So, yeah, you know, I back myself at potentially being able to help them. And will they be happy to pay at least $2,000? Well, yeah, probably. If the accounting firm is doing, I don't know, six figures in revenue, [music] maybe even seven figures in revenue, then paying like $2,000 to save a ton of time would probably be something that is worth it to them. So, that kind of idea would then get green lights across the board if I was in that specific situation. Now, when we take students through this exercise, they always really worry about the will they pay column. They're always like, "Ah, I'm really not sure if they'll pay. I don't know. It seems like a lot of money, etc., etc." What I normally say is when you're doing your first pass through the exercise, just like go with your gut. This is still a very rough process. Just go red, yellow, green depending on your intuition says. And then, of course, we can always do a little bit of market research to see, are there competitors offering similar price points? Because if competitors in exist in a market that is generally a good sign rather than a bad sign, it means that there is at least a market there. If the competitors are charging $5,000, then you know that there are probably at least some people out there who are willing to pay at least 2,000. But if all of the competitors you can find are charging $20, you probably have a good sense that like, okay, maybe 2,000 might be a bit tricky of an ask for this specific person and this specific problem. The other thing here that adds a lot of nuance is that there are premium products and premium services in any category you can think of. For example, how much does a backpack cost? Well, most people wouldn't pay more than like $50 for a backpack. But if that backpack had Louis Vuitton written all over it or like had Hermes written on it, suddenly people are willing to pay thousands, if not tens of thousands of dollars for basically what is the same thing. And in fact, in every market, you get this sort of like distribution of stuff. You get the 1% who are the luxury buyers. You get roughly 9% who are premium And then you get roughly 90% who are the mass market. And generally, we do not want to be starting a business that caters to the mass market. This is playing business on hard mode because generally, this requires quite a lot of volume. And generally, the mass market shops in terms of price. And so, you end up just competing on price. It's very hard to compete on price, especially against competitors who've been in the game for longer than you. If you are just starting out, it's also quite difficult to target the luxury market because the luxury market doesn't buy based on features. They buy based on status, for example. So, unless you have an in there where you can create like a I don't know concierge experience for the luxury market or whatever or like help make the case that your product or service will increase their status somehow, it's also generally not sensible to target the luxury market if you're a beginner. But, man, targeting the premium market, the market of people who are willing and happy to pay for high-quality stuff, that would be a very good thing to do. So, a mistake you don't want to make early on is you don't want to just assume that they won't have the money. You want to think, "Okay, person, problem, promise." Even my example earlier helping kids get into med school. Back when I was doing this business back in 2012 to 2019, I was charging between 50 pounds and like 110 pounds for like a classroom course that was teaching people in a whole day how to do well on the medical school exams or medical school interviews. But, a few months ago, I was in London and I hosted an event for entrepreneurs. And there were three different entrepreneurs who came to that event, all of whom had businesses helping kids get into med school. And they were charging 5 to 15,000 dollars to help kids get into med school. I was charging 50 to 100 dollars to help kids get into med school. What was the difference between what they were doing and what I was doing? Well, partly, it was the product. They were doing more of a one-on-one mentoring service rather than a group course, so sure. But, if I were to offer one-on-one mentorship to someone getting into med school, I'd be thinking that's like 200 pounds, 300 pounds, maybe like 30 pounds an hour for like 10 hours for 300. But, they were charging 5 to 15,000. The difference was is that I would have thought to target people in the UK who I knew, friends of people I knew, parents of people who I knew. But, they were targeting people from mainland China, parents in mainland China whose kids were already going to expensive private schools in the UK or in the US, ideally boarding schools, and who really wanted their kids to get into, for example, a UK medical school. Now, these parents had loads and loads of money because they're like China rich. And therefore, for them, 5 to 15 grand was like literally nothing. And therefore, these guys were able to have like multi-million dollar businesses as effectively junior doctors in the UK because they were targeting rich people even though they were basically helping them solve exactly the same problem. So, the thing to keep in mind here is that don't let yourself get put off by a particular business idea because you think it's like not expensive enough or whatever. It's like trying to remember that in every market, there are people willing to spend lots of money on the thing provided the problem is sufficiently painful. Okay, once we've generated our short list of potential niches, at this point, you might end up with a couple of different options that you're like feeling relatively okay about, fingers crossed. Here are some journaling prompts that we have in our workbook that students in our Lifestyle Business Academy get a lot of value out of. Firstly, we have the two-year test. Imagine you're going to be working in one of these niches for the next two to three years. Which one feels most exciting? Which one makes you think, "Yeah, I could see myself doing that." Problem number two, the no-fail scenario. If you knew you couldn't fail, if success was totally guaranteed, which niche would you choose? This removes the fear and reveals what you actually want. Journaling problem number three, which niche feels the most you? Which one aligns with your values, your story, and the kind of person you want to become? Which one would you be proud to tell your friends and family about? That is an interesting question, often results in a niche that's less profitable, but it's always interesting to see like whether our heart aligns with where the profit is. The fear check, which niche scares you a little bit in a good way? Sometimes, the thing that makes us slightly nervous is the thing we care about most. What's pulling at you? And then we've got a couple more questions over here, but it's all in the workbook if you are interested. And so, the idea is you can print it all out, you can write it by hand if you want, you can like fill out the PDF by computer if you want, whatever. And then based on your answers above, which three niches seem to be rising to the top? So, we've gone through a divergent process to try and generate like a few dozen different niche ideas. And then we've gone through a converging process to rate them on do I like them, can I help them, will they pay, and then following these sort of journaling prompts to figure out, "Okay, what's the business idea or the niche that I might potentially want to pursue?" At this point, we generally recommend students fill out like just based on gut feeling, what's your gold niche, your silver niche, and your bronze niche. Like who's the person, what's the problem, why are you excited about it, why do you think they'll hopefully be willing to pay lots of money to have that particular problem solved, any concerns that you have, and any additional notes. Now, if you are part of a mentorship program like our Lifestyle Business Academy, then, you know, we ask our students to send us this sort of document and we give them feedback on it and we kind of go back and forth with them. Alternatively, you could do that with like Claude or ChatGPT. But, hopefully, this process gives you a bit of a sense of like how to take a bunch of different things and narrow them down to a potential business idea. And if you're interested in how this process fits into the wider road map that helps you go from zero to building a multi-six-figure lifestyle business, check out that video over here that explains the road map in depth. Thank you so much for watching. Hope you got value from this. Check out the workbook down below, and I will see you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MerveEkizceli-n1f [838 likes]: A banker once told me, “You’ll never understand money until you read Dominic Richard Thompson.” He said it like a warning.
  2. @aliabdaal [12 likes]: Apply to the Lifestyle Business Academy - https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/yt_apply
Join the Six-Figure Lifestyle Business Masterclass on 4th May: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpmasterclass
Download the free accompanying workbook here: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/nicheworkbookytp
  3. @BURCUAR658 [1 likes]: I met a man in Monaco who said, “The wealthy don’t chase capital– they manufacture it.” He told me to read How the Elite Print Their Wealth by Dominic Richard Thompson. That book didn’t explain money– it revealed machinery. After that, I stopped asking where wealth comes from and started asking who creates the rules that make it exist.
  4. @MakmsksnzksNaksksmalsnnaai: “Loved this!”
  5. @ssm_tales: Thank you Ali for this video ❤
  6. @TeMiymahs_World: I work in dementia but not really sure how to monetize that or who I could help that isn’t financially strapped already. Maybe I should pivot 🤔
  7. @businessvitalinsights: In this video, Ali Abdaal outlines a step-by-step framework to help aspiring entrepreneurs identify a profitable business idea for 2026. The core philosophy is that business success comes from solving a specific problem for a specific person with a viable product or service (0:50 - 2:31).

He introduces the Diverge → Converge → Emerge framework to help narrow down ideas:

Phase 1: Diverge (0:49 - 14:50): The goal here is quantity over quality. He encourages viewers to list their craft skills (what you are good at), passions (what you enjoy), and even skills you want to learn. The aim is to generate 15-20 potential niche ideas without judging them yet.
Phase 2: Converge (14:51 - 22:39): Once you have a list, you evaluate each idea using the Traffic Light System based on three questions: 
    1. Do I like this person? (Working with this audience)
    2. Can I help them? (Do you have or can you build the skill?)
    3. Will they pay? (Is the problem painful enough to justify a high-ticket price, ideally $2,000+?)
Phase 3: Emerge (22:40 - 24:04): Using specific journaling prompts—such as the 2-year test (can you see yourself doing this for years?), the no-fail scenario, and the fear check—you identify your "Gold, Silver, and Bronze" niche ideas.

Throughout the video, Ali emphasizes avoiding the "mass market" trap and instead focusing on the premium market, where clients are willing to pay for high-quality solutions to painful problems.
  8. @mustafaemin7389: I just want to kick the book tower stays behind you
  9. @strwbryblondi07: I love the incorporation of intuition and values, not only relying on logic and math
  10. @MDRNCapitalFinance01: Great advice! Even in WoW, this works 🙂
  11. @Y1Q2: Anyone here who successfully started a business from what you’ve learned in his video’s?
  12. @hussainfawzer: People believe nobody started a business listening to this advise and succeeded. All the things that he says is already known even for a infant.
  13. @gangstar12031212: Only business idea you need is "consistency ". No compromise
  14. @Hifriends-b8u: Did you think hund Made chocolate 🍫 is goooodd
  15. @BekzodAnvar: 8:01
  16. @aishafaisal2249: I can hear Mr M J Demarco speaking through you in this one 😂
  17. @ari-jahrian: great insight
  18. @gulsarashomurodova-xu1ij: 7:11
  19. @nannhatablet4299: You started a business by telling people how to start a business. Meta. 🙂
  20. @sahinbuzdag5019: A mentor once told me, “When the elite talk about liquidity, they’re talking about control.” How the Elite Print Their Wealth by Dominic Richard Thompson showed me why.

- Success Is Hard Until You Build Systems Like This: Kind: captions Language: en This video is all about how you can achieve more success in your personal or professional life by building systems. So, we're going to talk about the philosophy of this, why systems are important, and what the difference is between people who have systems and people who don't. And in the second part of the video, I'm going to go through five systems that I think you should totally incorporate into your life if you haven't already, because they will drastically, drastically increase your chances of achieving whatever your own personal definition of success actually is. And if you're new here, hello, my name is Ali, I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and author of the New York Times bestseller Feel Good Productivity, and this channel is all about the books and ideas and strategies and tools [music] that can help us achieve financial freedom, live life on our own terms, and ultimately build a life that we love. So, if that sounds good, you might like to hit the subscribe button, but now let's dive into the video. All right, so let's start out with a definition. So, we are all trying to work towards this thing that we call success, but what the hell does success actually mean? There are lots of different definitions, people have their own like ways of defining this, but in my opinion, you would generally consider yourself successful if you've achieved or if you're actively working towards goals that you intrinsically care about. I would say your life is kind of successful if you're working towards those goals in a balanced way. So, for example, I wouldn't call it massive success if, you know, you're single-mindedly focused on just this one thing, but then you've like wrecked your health and your relationships and your life along the way. I wouldn't personally think of that as being success. And finally, success is where you are actually enjoying the journey along the way, because ultimately, you could have success, you could have the nicest house, you could have the fanciest job, you could have the biggest business, but if you haven't enjoyed the journey of getting there, it will very much feel hollow, because you'll get to that destination and you'll realize that that is not where happiness and salvation is actually to be found. Now, in order to achieve our goals, we basically need to take a series of actions. If we take the right sort of actions and do them for long enough and consistently enough, we are more likely to get to our goals. In order to have a generally balanced life, we kind of need a somewhat reasonable diversity of goals and a therefore diversity of actions across the different domains of our life. For example, our professional and personal life, our work, our health, our relationships, our hobbies. And in order to have enjoyment along the way, to be honest, a lot of it comes from our approach to things. Like if you approach stuff in a sort of playful way, if you approach things in a sincere rather than serious way, if you have an attitude and a mindset of non-attachment, like you're working towards your goals and you're doing stuff to get there, but you're not overly attached to any particular outcome. And of course, if you can drive intrinsic motivation for the goals that you're achieving, so rather than being motivated by external factors like I don't know, fame and money and what your society thinks you should do or whatever, you're actually motivated by intrinsic things, like you actually want to do the thing. Those are generally the factors that lead to enjoyment. And I would like to offer for your consideration in this video that if you build systems into your life, you're actually far more likely to achieve your goals, you're more likely to do the actions that are required to achieve your goals, you're more likely to have a balanced approach to the goals and the actions that you achieve and take, and you're also more likely to have enjoyment along the journey, all by building the right sorts of system into your life. So now let's try and define what actually is a system. And you can define a system as a network of interconnected things that lead to a particular result. And those things could be, for example, actions, or they could be processes, which are really just like sets of actions, or they could be checklists, which are again, really just sets of actions. So what you basically have is that a system is a step-by-step set of actions that leads to a particular result. And again, the whole point of this video is that I would like to argue that if you can take the approach of building more systems into your life, and basically systematizing your approach to your personal and professional life, in my opinion, you're far more likely to achieve success, whatever that definition of success is for you. Now, I want to give you a couple of examples here. So, imagine the world of aviation, right? Like pilots piloting airplanes. That is an enormously high-stakes situation, and the entire world of aviation is built around systems. Systems are the most important thing. There is a system to build the appropriate airplane. This is why basically all airplanes kind of look the same, because people have figured out a system for making airplanes fly. And so if you deviate too much from the system, you end up not building an airplane that flies. Let's take another high-stakes thing, like medicine. I used to be a doctor, in case you didn't know. And medicine is all about following a system. Yes, there is some level of like individual stuff that the doctors do. For example, like, you know, talking to the patient and making them feel nice. But, when you go and see a doctor and you talk to them about your problems, the doctor is actually following a system. One of the most popular systems is the Calgary-Cambridge method of patient interviewing, which is like a whole system for what sort of questions, as a doctor, you need to ask the patient in order to make sure that you've got all the symptoms and all the signs and all that kind of stuff. When the doctor examines you and listens to your heart and like examines your abdomen and all of that kind of stuff, again, they are following a system. They are not just making up as they go along. If they have lots and lots of experience, then yes, then, you know, the systematization of the thing for doctors starts to become second nature. They start to pattern recognize, and so, they're following a system, even though they often don't realize they're following a system, because the system has been so drilled into them that they can now kind of go a little bit off-script. But, even then, even if you're like a surgeon with 50 years of experience and you're like the world's best person, you still literally have to fill out a checklist before every single operation and at the end of every single operation to make sure that you've checked the boxes for the important stuff that the system needs to make sure the patient has a good result. Now, in our professional lives, in these sort of work environments, like in medicine or in aviation or in like Formula 1, the idea of building systems into it is like fairly standard. Like with your job, you probably have systems that you have to follow. Systems for HR, systems for marketing, sales, operations, finance, the whole shebang. Businesses are built on the idea of systems. And I would like to offer for your consideration that we can totally build those sorts of systems into our personal lives as well, for pretty much any goal that we want to work towards. And there is a really nice visual that I got from my friend Jeff Su that sort of describes the value of a system. So, if you imagine this kind of graph, we've got effort over here, and so, this is sort of what the line might look like if you're trying to do stuff without a system to it. Whereas, this is what the line looks like if you're trying to do something that does have a system attached to it. It will take a little bit more effort in the initial stages to build the system, but then very quickly the fact that you are now using a system, i.e. there is a systematized set of actions or processes or steps that you're going to follow, it takes actually quite a lot of work and quite a lot of effort out of the process of doing the thing. Now, another system that I recommend having work for you on autopilot is your investments, which is where the sponsor of today's video comes in, Trading 212. Trading 212 is an online investment platform that lets you invest in stocks and shares and exchange-traded funds ETFs. And my wife and I have actually been using it independently for years, long before they ever sponsored the channel. The platform makes investing super straightforward. There are zero commissions, you can get fractional shares, and there's none of that unnecessary friction that puts people off getting started. They've also recently launched their Trading 212 card, which gives you up to 10% cashback on your everyday spending with no monthly fees, no hidden charges, and currency conversion at the true interbank rate, which is especially nice if you are like me and you travel a lot or you buy things online in different currencies. The card directly integrates with your Trading 212 invest account, so any uninvested cash can earn compound interest in up to 13 currencies while you just get on with your life. They've also got a wonderful pies and auto invest feature, which makes it really easy to build a diversified portfolio on autopilot. As a little bonus, if you sign up using my special link, you can get a free fractional share worth up to 100 pounds, which is free money, so you might as well. So, if you want to check it out, head over to trading212.com/join/ali or click the link in the video description. Big thank you to Trading 212 for sponsoring this video. So, now let's get back to it. I'll give you a personal example. doing weight training when I started out for about 5 years, and I was not following a system. I was going to the gym a couple of times a week when I had the time, and I was kind of doing whatever I felt like. I was going with the flow. And sure, this was kind of fun. I'd go to the gym with my friends and stuff, but I made almost no progress in my physique or in my health levels or in any of those things because I wasn't I wasn't following a system. Recently, I started following a system. I got a personal trainer, and he programs my workouts, and I see him three times a week at the same time slot. We follow a similar kind of workout plan with progressive overload. There is a system behind the thing, and for the first time in my life, I'm finally seeing progress when I'm actually at the gym because I'm following a system. I'm not just screwing around and making stuff up as I go along and hoping for the best. I'm following a prescribed system that people have already figured out to get to a desired result, which is to try and attempt to get a little bit more jacked and to reduce my visceral fat levels. Let's take another example. Let's say you are starting a business and you're doing sales calls for the first time. Like you're getting on the phone or a Zoom call with your prospects and trying to sell them your product. Not having a system would be hopping on the call, making it up as you go along, just sort of vibing and going with the flow. Having a system means that you would have some kind of sales script that you would follow. You're probably saying a similar thing each time in the opening and in the closing. You have a list of objections that they might say, like, you know, the price is too expensive or I don't have the time or let me think about it, and you have defined responses that you figured out because you built a system around it. You have a system for following up with them. Now, in that world, the business that follows a system for their sales process is going to make way more money compared to the noob business that has no system around this because they're just sort of making stuff up as they go along. And this is the core idea behind why systems are way more likely to lead you to success because success, if you define it as achieving your goals with balance and enjoyment along the way, is really just about executing on a set of action. Now, if you are making up those actions every time depending on how you feel, you're a lot less likely to get to any particular goal compared to if you have a system or a set of processes that you're following every time. Now, after all of that opining, I would like to share with you five systems that I think, if you were to incorporate into your life, would drastically increase your chances of success. The first system that I think is incredibly helpful is some kind of goal-setting system. When it comes to achieving success, having goals is really important because then at least you know what you're aiming for. You don't have to be wedded to the goals, you don't have to be attached to them, you don't have to be upset if you don't manage to achieve a goal in the time frame that you wanted, but it's so useful to actually have a goal to shoot for in the first place. Now, the way most people do this is sort of like before they have a system, it's sort of like, you know, the New Year comes around and they'll sort of vaguely set some New Year's resolutions that I want to stop procrastinating or I want to go to the gym more often and they just they won't have a systematic approach to goal setting. And so what happens is that they start something and they sort of meander a little bit and then they quit or they start something else and they kind of go all over the place and then they quit or they set a goal for something else and then, you know, they've taken one step and then they quit and it's all this sort of like general kind of mess when you approach goal setting as something that you do ad hoc whenever you have the time and you just sort of try and figure it out as you go along. Whereas, after you have a system for goal setting and there are lots of them out there and I don't really care which one you use but like you can just Google it or ask ChatGPT or Claude to give you a system for goal setting. I've got my own it's called the GPS system there'll be some videos over there somewhere on the channel. But after you have a system for goal setting, you have a systematic process that you can follow every 3 months or every year or however frequently you want to do it. And so for example, my process starts with like vision where there's like a life compass section where you figure out like what you actually want your life to look like very long term and what what are your core values and that kind of stuff. Then we turn it into a 3-year sketch where you can use like a vision board or something to figure out where you want to be 3 years from now and then we make quarterly quests which are like 90-day goals. Again, all of this stuff will be linked down below cuz we've got videos on the channel about all this stuff so I'm not going to expand on it in too much detail. And then after we figured out our quarterly quests, we have a weekly process of like prioritization and reflection that I call the balanced week blueprint. And you might think that this stuff is a little bit much but like it doesn't take that long to do. It takes maybe a couple of hours to do like a life compass exercise to really figure out what direction you want to go with your life. It takes maybe half an hour to do like a vision board 3-year sketch. It's it's quite fun thing to do as well. It takes maybe half an hour every quarter to define quarterly quests. And what you're doing with this systematic approach to goal setting is that you're really trying to decide what are the small number of goals I actually want to work towards. And most of us go through life without really stopping back to zoom out a little bit and just actually think about this. It's so easy to get fixated on the day-to-day. We're too busy at work and then we get home and then there's the kids and the stuff and whatever and there's not enough time and not enough energy. And yet if we just take a few hours once in a while to zoom out and follow a systematic process for goal setting, we are far more likely to end up working towards goals that are intrinsically motivated, goals that we actually want to work towards, rather than casually working towards goals that are just a subconscious result of what society has told us, what our parents have told us, or what I don't know, the a previous version of our self decided to do. The second major system I would really recommend installing into your life is some kind of time management system. And again, I've made videos about this on the channel, they'll be linked down below if you want to check them out. But when it comes to achieving any goal at all, achieving every goal, as we talked about, is a series of actions. And in order to do those actions, we have to do some work. And there are generally three inputs into work, and that is time, energy, and focus, assuming you're the one doing the work. If you have a team and you have other team members doing the work, then you have the other metric of money because you're hiring the team and getting them to do the work stuff, but for the most part, time, energy, and focus are the three fundamental resources that individuals invest in doing work, taking actions to achieve goals, which ultimately, fingers crossed, leads us to success, whatever that definition of success is for us. And on a very basic level, the most important one of these is time. Time is the primary thing, because we only have 168 hours every week to do stuff. 168 hours. Most of us spend like 56 of those sleeping, and maybe another 12 of them eating and going to the toilet and stuff. So what that basically leaves is 100 hours. Nice round number. If you have a job and you have to I don't know, spend 60 You just, you know, you literally just got 40 hours left every single week to do all of the things that you want to do. If you imagine that like most people have a screen time of like 6 hours a day, all of those 40 hours suddenly disappear. And so you realize very quickly, and maybe if you're the sort of person who watches this channel, and if you're at this point in the video, that like there's actually not that many hours in every week to do all of the things that you want to do. Which means that if we want to be able to do the work that helps us take the actions that helps us get to our goal, that helps us eventually get to success, we want to be good at managing our time and ideally instead of having to again make this up as we go along, ideally we have a system that makes it a lot easier for us to manage our time so that we can make time for the important stuff and get rid of the stuff that is less important. But, there are three key factors that I think everyone should have. Number one, a good time management system involves time blocking, which is basically where you stick blocks in your calendar for the stuff that is important to you. For example, I have a weekly date night with my wife. That is time blocked. I go to the gym three times a week. That is time blocked. I have two filming days a week where I work on YouTube videos. Those are time blocked in the calendar. The more you can intentionally decide how you want to be using your time ahead of time, rather than having to make a decision in the moment and then sort of being at the mercy of your mood or your energy levels, the easier it is to reliably do the actions consistently that are going to get you to your goals. That's not to say that you should have no room for spontaneity. You can totally have free time in the calendar as well where you can just do whatever you want. But, in general, the people that are most likely to achieve goals are the ones who actually make the time to achieve those goals. Perhaps unsurprisingly. Factor number two that every good time management system should have is a method for prioritization. Now, you probably have more things you would like to do compared to the time that you actually have to do them cuz you're probably an ambitious person and you have lots of goals and you want to live a healthy balanced life. But, as you've probably realized it's actually impossible to do all the things and so we need to prioritize what are the few that are the most important. And thirdly, ideally every good time management system should have some kind of component of reflection where you look at how you've been spending your time, you reflect on it, and then you use that reflection process to adjust your time blocking and prioritization system. For me, I try my best to do a weekly review or reflection and this is just a series of questions that I ask myself. It takes about 20 minutes and it's a good way of making sure that I'm continually re-aligning to the goals that I want to achieve and making changes to my schedule if like life happens. System number three that I think would benefit most people in their life is some kind of health optimization or health operating system. I call mine health OS cuz it's just kind of cute. And what this is is a system that you can follow on autopilot that gets you to your health goals. So, this involves things like sleep and diet and exercise. Now, before you have some kind of system around your health, you sleep roughly whenever you feel tired and you wake up whenever you want to wake up or or with your alarm if you have some kind of like work to go to. Your diet is like you're so you're sort of making it up as you go along. Your exercise, you're sort of doing random stuff whenever you can find the time to do the thing. And this is why most people are on average not particularly healthy. But, if you're building a system into your life where you're following a set of processes around your sleep, your diet, your exercise, then you're much more likely to be in a better place. So, what might be the system for optimizing your sleep? Again, we have done videos about it. I'll link them down below, but, you know, getting 8 hours a night is generally very helpful. Having the room set to 19° C is generally very helpful. That tends to be the temperature for most people that optimizes sleep. Defining like when you want bedtime to be, like, "Hey, I'm going to sleep 10:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m." or whatever, generally helpful. The more you can stick to a consistent bed and wake time, the more your circadian rhythms actually line up and so the less likely you are to be tired or groggy or have low energy throughout the day. Of course, there is the classic tip to view morning sunlight as per Andrew Huberman, which is again helpful for entraining our circadian rhythm. You've got things like no phone in the bedroom, getting rid of your phone so that you're not like browsing TikTok or Reddit at like 2:00 in the morning, which is another thing that would destroy your sleep. I personally like having a Kindle on my bedside table because then if I'm struggling to go to sleep, I can just read like a spirituality book or something on Kindle and that gets me to sleep pretty quickly. If you want, you can use some kind of sleep tracker. I wear a Whoop. I've got like a I'm using this for the last like 380 days or something. I've got a 380-day streak on it. And so this gives me a sleep score. And so generally with any kind of system, having some sort of metric that you can look at to see how effective is your system performing and then being able to sort of adjust your system based on the metric is generally quite helpful. It's not absolutely essential, but for most things having some way to measure the number actually does genuinely help. And all of these is just a series of steps. And sure, most people don't do all of these things absolutely all the time, but having a system which is sort of a set of defaults that you're going to follow most of the time is going to be way more likely for you to have healthy sleep. And obviously we know that sleep is one of those things that like contributes to every other area of our life. When it comes to diet, if for every single meal, you know, three meals a day for like 7 days a week, if every single time you had to figure out what you want to do in terms of what you're eating or what you're cooking or what you're buying from the grocery store, A, you end up wasting a ton of time in like mental decision fatigue and ordering random takeaways and going to random restaurants and then your calories and macros and all that kind of stuff are off and then you end up being pretty unhealthy. And so, what busy people and especially people with kids tend to find is that actually systematizing the household diet is really, really, really helpful. Like knowing that Tuesdays are like Chinese takeout Tuesdays, knowing that Thursday is a movie night with the kids and therefore we're going to order pizza, knowing that like we're going to meal prep on the Sunday and then batch prepare the breakfast for the whole week and batch prepare the lunches for the whole week so the kids can take them to school or whatever the situation might be. Almost everyone who you consider to be successful probably has some kind of system for their diet and their nutrition. It doesn't have to be fancy, it doesn't have to be private chef levels, but just having a method that you are following which means you don't have to think about what the hell am I going to eat for these 21 meals every single week will save you a huge amount of time and also make you way healthier. And then of course, having some kind of system that you're following for your exercise. What I do personally is weight training three times per week. I try to do 40 minutes of zone two cardio through like casual running about three times a week. I aim to do yoga about one or two times a week for general flexibility and mobility and of course, I aim to get 10,000 steps per day because there's a good amount of evidence that like the more steps you take the healthier you're going to be and so I have a walking treadmill for my desk some of the time as well. And again, this is a system. The gym sessions are in the calendar, the runs should be more systematized for me cuz they're currently not. I kind of make time for running when I when I have the time, which is why I'm a lot less consistent with this than I am with the gym where it's actually in the calendar. And so, if you have some kind of system that you're following, some set of default actions that you're taking every week, your health is far more likely to be good compared to someone who does not have that kind of system. And it's like that phrase goes, the healthy man has 99 wishes, the unhealthy man has only one. If you are sick or unhealthy, then that is a massive drain on practically every other area of your life as well. And so, you might as well follow some kind of system. Again, if you're not sure, just ask ChatGPT, watch some YouTube tutorials for like and it doesn't have to be fancy, but it does take a lot of the guesswork and a lot of the mental decision fatigue out of the process of keeping on top of your health. System number four that I think everyone would benefit from is some kind of system to keep on top of the relationships that matter to you the most. Now, this is where it can sometimes sound weird being like, why would you build a system for relationships? Relationships shouldn't be systematized. That's just not true. Like if you ask any like marriage counselor or marriage therapist or read any book about what makes a successful marriage. Actually, what a lot of it comes down to is systems. Making sure you have a weekly date night and that it's in the calendar and that both parties know that it happens every Sunday evening, for example. That is an example of a system. Doing something like regular relationship reviews, maybe once a month where you and the spouse or you and your partner sit down and actually reflect on the state of your relationship and if there's any like minor grievances that you haven't had a chance to bring up and you talk about those things. Again, sounds weird, but it's incredibly helpful. Me and my wife were seeing a relationship therapist before we got married just cuz I got some advice from a friend saying that like relationship therapists are amazing. And he recommended we do relationship reviews. We read a couple of books about how to have a successful marriage that also would bullish on relationship reviews. This is a way of systematizing your relationship so that you do the sensible things without having to think too hard about them. As you become super busy at work, it's generally very helpful to block out holidays in advance. So a lot of the most successful entrepreneurs I know really, really take their personal life and their relationships very seriously. And so at the start of the year, before they do any of their business planning, they will block out in the calendar, okay, this is holiday with the spouse, this is holiday with the kids, this is we're going to take all of August off for a sabbatical. Because if you don't block all of that stuff out in advance, then the work and life commitments will just sort of fill the gaps. And so you've got to be intentional about blocking this stuff out in advance. This is building a system around your relationships. The most social people I know are not just randomly going to social events, especially once they become adults and start having kids and start becoming busy. They start doing standing order social events. One of my friends in that who's very intentional about relationships, he was like living in Austin for a few years, and so he and his wife set up a weekly meet-up at the local lake. Anyone was invited, so they just invited all their friends. They're like, "Hey, we're going to be at this lake 8:00 a.m. every Saturday morning, and then we're going to go for breakfast afterwards. If you can make it, come join us." And they did this every single week for 4 years, and this was an amazing way for them to maintain relationships and friendships with people that they already knew. And also was a fantastic way to get to know new people because, you know, new people would be like, "Oh, you know, my friend Johnny's in town, like let's bring him along to this Saturday or to social event, this like 8:00 a.m. every Saturday lake meet-up." So, there's things like that that you can do that systemize the stuff that you want to do in your social life as well. This is the value of like a monthly book club or a weekly lads video game night or monthly movie night with your friends, and especially when people get busy. Like, if you're watching this and you're young and you're like, "Holy I can't believe like why do you have to stick a calendar event for hanging out with your friends?" If you're watching this and you're above the age of 25, you know that you're busy, your friends are busy, especially if you're watching this and you have kids or your friends have kids. It's such a total freaking nightmare trying to schedule people and get them together, which is why having a system around it can really, really help. And I don't know if it's a thing in the rest of the world, but in the UK, there's like a real tradition of like sending physical Christmas cards to the people that you know. And so, we really suck at this, but like I've got some friends who are really good at sending an annual Christmas card, and it's amazing how such a small thing can actually sustain a friendship for decades and decades because you know you've got this annual touch point where you just send a nice handwritten Christmas card, maybe there's a photo of the family, maybe there's a bit of an update about what you're up to. And there is a system around this. The people that remember birthdays, they probably don't have the birthday in your head, they probably have it in their calendar. And the people I know who are the most thoughtful about birthdays, not only have your birthday in the calendar, but they'll have a recurring event every year in their to-do list that like 2 weeks before the birthday reminds them that, "Hey, Ali's birthday's coming up on whatever." And so, they'll start thinking about the gift or the card and stuff like 2 weeks in advance. All of these are different examples of systemizing your relationships so that it takes the guesswork out of it, it takes the the decision fatigue out of it, and ultimately it nudges you towards doing the actions that you know are going to make it more likely that you achieve your goal. In this case, it's to maintain a good relationship with your spouse and kids and friends and family and stuff. The final system I want to talk about in this video, and we could talk about this for for absolutely ever because I love this stuff. This would be some kind of system around what do you do by default when your paycheck comes in, assuming you have a job or assuming you have a business. And in general, most personal finance advisers and gurus and stuff who like think about this stuff a lot and advise people about it, talk about building a system to put your finances on autopilot as much as possible. So, the people that end up not saving or investing any money are the ones who get the paycheck, and then they do whatever they want with it. And then they're like, "Oh, hey, at yeah, at some point, if there's any left over, then I'll invest it or then I'll save it." That often never works because there is often very little left over. Let's say this is your monthly paycheck. As soon as the paycheck comes in, automatically some percentage of it is set aside for savings, and it goes into a a savings account, for example. Automatically some investments, and it automatically goes into the investment account via Robinhood or the Roth IRA or whatever the system is depending on your country. Some percentage of it is automatically set aside for tax if you are in a country or in a situation where you have to pay your own taxes. Some is automatically set aside for bills. And then you know that you can kind of do whatever you want with the rest because at least the basics that are going to keep you out of prison and that are going to grow your financial nest egg have been taken care of. This is an example of a personal finance system. It is a series of actions or steps that you do every time you get your paycheck that reduces the need for guesswork, and if you can automate as much of this as possible, it means that you don't even have to make the decision every single time cuz it automatically goes into the savings account and the investment account and the bills account and the tax account, and then you know what's left over. Whereas, if this is not automated, then every single month you have to actively make the decisions. And the problem with actively make making decisions is that we generally make decisions emotionally rather than logically, even though we like to think of ourselves as logical creatures. Actually, like 99% of our decisions are made purely based on emotion. And because our emotions are like fluctuating, if we're feeling great and the paycheck hits, then fantastic. We might be, you know, be living in line with our our future self and like putting stuff into savings and investments. But if we're not feeling great and the paycheck comes in, we might be doing a lot less sensible things when it comes to our money. And so what a system does is that it removes the need for you to make that decision every single time. You make the decision ahead of time, you set it and forget it. And that tends to be how the people that succeed at saving and investing through uh the mechanism of something like a regular paycheck, they tend to have some kind of system around it. Now, hopefully this video has convinced you that it's very helpful to have systems around your personal and professional life to help you achieve your goals. And if you're interested in learning more about the specific system that I've developed around goal setting, then there will be a video right over here, which is about the GPS method. Now, GPS stands for goal, plan, and system. So, it's another video that's about systems, but it will go into much more detail about specifically how to set goals, how to create plans, and then how to build systems to make sure you actually stick to the plan. So, that'll be right over there. And thank you so much for watching, and I will see you over there. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [60 likes]: Apply to the Lifestyle Business Academy - https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/yt_apply
  2. @greatnnawuchi4282 [1 likes]: This is golden 🎉
  3. @ShobhaSingh-b8o9x: I'm 14 and watching this video
  4. @QweQwe-vo1mx: You explained this so well, thank you!
  5. @tahirak7241: Most people have a screen time of 6 hours a day??! Really? Sounds alarming!
  6. @cristianblack: This video has so much Value!
  7. @johnm1859: You have taken this from book - Atomic Habits?
  8. @ahblack25: May I know what video software or app you use to create this? I find it amazing how you can write, draw, and add text and images at the same time.
  9. @mayeuni-3: I've been subscribing to Ali's YouTube channel for years. Even when I watch his videos in a different era or season of my life it really helps me get back on track to my purpose or goalsssss. Thank you Ali Abdaal! :octopus-red-waving:
  10. @IslamAch-z9l: ❤❤
  11. @SaifullahBinAshrafMahi: poor edit. AI edit?
  12. @vanessavanhorn: I love this. very helpful!! Quick Q: Do you edit your own videos?
  13. @jevaughnjackson5594: Brilliant but you talk way too fast
  14. @saran.gandhi: Why do they backstab the PMs in UK so much.... they dont let even a PM with absolute majority complete his term.... I dont care for any of these parties but what is this constant urge to not support any PM and keep churning them. It makes the UK democracy look fragile and the PMs with no credibility.
  15. @JaysonChong323: this is probably the best video in 2026 - Thanks Ali Abdaal
  16. @nonstopmission350: Is there like an app that i can set timetables and systems much easily
  17. @Angelswhohustle: I wanna know how does this work with kids lol I can't even relate to these videos no more after baby #2 im tryinggg LOL
  18. @LillianLillian-s7c: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  19. @정재훈-c5i2r: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  20. @franklinbelliard7625: It wasn't until I build systems and went on autopilot for basic tasks that I saw better use of my energy and time.

- You’re Not Behind (Yet): How to Learn AI in 19 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to talk through the five phase process that you can follow to become fluent, native, super productive using AI in about three months. Increasingly, business owners are genuinely making decisions about who to hire, who to fire, and who to promote based on their level of AI fluency. And if you do in fact happen to own your own business, there is also a widening gap between businesses that are using AI properly and businesses that are not. So, this video is split up into five distinct phases. There's timestamps for everything down below, [music] and let's get into it. Phase one is building your foundations, and this is going to be week number one. Now, before you try and do anything [music] clever with AI, we just need to make sure that we have the habits and tools appropriately set up for us to actually remember to actually use it. I consider these things non-negotiables for everyone in my team, and so if you skip them, I think your life [music] will be a lot harder than it needs to be. Foundation number one is use AI for everything that you were initially thinking of using Google for. My personal preference is Claude by Anthropic for most things, but you [music] can use ChatGPT, you can use Grok, you can use Claude, you can use Gemini, whatever seems reasonable, whatever you already have access to. Foundation number two is always have that particular website open in a pinned tab, because the habit we want to be developing is basically always having some kind of AI chat window open on your screen or whatever with literally everything you're doing. Foundation number three is to use your voice rather than your keyboard. There are also things like WhisperFlow and the built-in dictation on Windows and Mac, and also there's now built-in dictation into most of these AI tools, and you will find that if you are speaking to the AI, you can generally speak a lot faster, and you can generally ramble a lot more compared to if you are trying [music] to type. And honestly, this one habit will absolutely transform how much value you get from AI. >> [music] >> So, if you're not using it already, then feel free to get started. Foundation number four is to download the mobile apps. This means you can use AI again as a Google replacement or as a thinking buddy wherever you are in the world, because you always have [music] your phone on you. You can use it while walking, you can use it while commuting, you can use it while on the sofa. If you're on the toilet, you can talk to the AI. If you're in bed and you're one of those people that brings the phone into bed with you, [music] I don't recommend it, but you can talk to the AI in bed if you really want to. And then foundation number five is to automatically record your online and ideally as well your in-person meetings. So, you probably do Zoom calls or Google Meets or that kind of thing, and there are loads of free AI tools that let you automatically record and transcribe those Zoom calls. The one we've been using for the last 5 years is called Grain, and if you want something free, then Fathom is usually one that I recommend. Okay, so that is it for week number one of learning how to use AI, getting these five foundations in place. If you're watching this and you haven't done any of these five things, 100% I'd recommend pausing the video, doing those things, and then coming back because all of the rest is going to build on this foundation. Phase two is using AI as your coach, and this is going to be week number two. Now, this is where we're actually going to start using AI in a meaningful way beyond just being a Google replacement. But the key thing to know is we are not yet asking AI to do our work for us. We're asking it to help us think better about the work that we already doing ourselves. For example, on my team, we've got Nicole, who's our social media manager, responsible for growing my Instagram. Now, Nicole could go to ChatGPT or Claude or whatever, and she could say, "I am a social media manager tasked with growing an Instagram profile from 1 million followers to 1.2 million followers in the next 90 days. The account belongs to productivity YouTuber Ali Abdaal. What are the highest leverage things I should focus on? What mistakes do you see people in my role commonly make? What questions should I be asking my manager to make sure I'm set up for success?" Or for example, we have Geo, who's one of my team members who leads our student success for our Lifestyle Business Academy, which is our like online business mentorship program. And she could say, "I run student success for a high-ticket business mentorship program. Currently, the biggest thing our students are struggling with is defining their niche and coming up with a reasonable offer within a 2-week period. We find that a lot of them tend to overthink and overanalyze before taking [music] action. How could I be thinking about how to solve this particular problem?" And then to use an example from my own life as the business owner, I might go to Claude and say something like, "My goal for 2026 is to grow our business's revenue from $5 million to $10 million, and I think the biggest lever we have for that is our new >> Lifestyle Business Academy product. Can you interview me, ask me a bunch of questions, and help me figure out what are the key levers I should do as it relates to annual planning and quarterly planning for 2026?" [music] And so, if you don't have your own like coach that's helping you with your job or a business, or even if you do, like I've got a couple of coaches that I work with, it's still very helpful to use the AI as a kind of thought buddy / coach to be able to ask you questions that can then help you come up with insights that can help improve your performance at your job or your business. Now, this is where the fact that we are recording all of our calls then also really helps. For example, you could have a team meeting, you could have a meeting with your manager, you could have a meeting with your direct report, and you could take the transcript of that call and you could ask the AI to give you insights based on that call. So, for example, Nicole who's in charge of my Instagram could say, "This is a recording of a conversation I had with my manager, Angus, where he was coaching me on how I can be thinking about our Instagram strategy better. Based on this conversation, can you suggest a curriculum for me to follow over the next 2 weeks to improve my skills?" That would be a totally reasonable thing to do. If I've done a coaching session with our students on the Lifestyle Business Academy, the whole thing is recorded and transcribed, so I can then chuck it into AI, and I can say, "This was a coaching session that I ran for my students in my Lifestyle Business Academy. Based on the transcript, I want you to tease out the key themes that came up, the key struggles that the students were struggling with, so that I can use it to help [music] improve our core curriculum. And while you're there, please do give me feedback on my own teaching style and any blind spots that you notice." Another really useful prompt is you can literally ask the AI to interview you about your job. You could say something like, "I want you to interview me about what I actually do in my role and help me identify what's high-leverage and what's probably a waste of time." And I guarantee that if you just use that super simple prompt with literally any job that you have, you could probably find ways to actually just do a better job and waste less time doing things that really don't move the needle. Oh, by the way, if any of this stuff is confusing, don't worry, we've got a link down below to a totally free Google Doc, which is like an AI getting started curriculum that you can just download, copy into your own Google Drive, and you can just like follow it along if you like. Now, obviously we want to give the caveat around AI limitations. Yes, the AI is cool, it's really helpful to have as a thought partner, but the way that I think about the AI tools is that it's sort of like having a very smart colleague who reads a lot of books, but who doesn't have much context on anything other than the knowledge that they've gotten from books. And so, it's very useful to be able to talk to that person to kind of kind of mirror your own thoughts or ask you questions or help you think deeper about something, but I would be very careful about taking its advice and treating that advice as gospel. Like you really want to make sure that the advice that you actually agree with the advice rather than just blindly following what it says. So by the end of week two, if you're following along with this method, you should hopefully have by this point the habit of turning to AI whenever you're stuck with anything in your personal or professional life. And also, even if you're not stuck, just as a way of optimizing your performance for whatever goals you want to work towards even more. Oh, by the way, if you have made it this far into the video and you really want to nail your foundational understanding of AI rather than just knowing how to use the tools, then one way I found super helpful for doing this is Brilliant, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. I have been using and loving Brilliant since like 2019. And what I love about the product is that it helps you get way better at maths and coding and computer science through step-by-step interactive lessons and personalized practice where you genuinely learn by doing. Brilliant has helped me get a foundational understanding of crypto and all the cryptocurrencies and cryptographic stuff that goes on behind the scenes there. It's helped me get a foundational understanding of how algorithms work and how programming in Python works. And recently, their how AI works course has been absolutely brilliant. And they basically break down how large language models like ChatGPT actually function behind the scenes, which is a incredibly fascinating. And also, it helps you actually use AI better when you understand how it works. The other cool thing about Brilliant is that they really focus on problem-solving rather than just getting you to watch videos. So yes, they give you content to help you understand the concept, but then they give you a problem with like an interactive interface that involves using that concept to solve the problem. And that just makes learning way more fun and way more interactive. The courses are crafted by a world-class team of researchers from MIT and Harvard and Stanford, and they're designed for ages 10 through 110. So whether you're a beginner or you're looking to level up your skills, there's going to be something for you. So if you would like to learn for free on Brilliant for a full 30 days, go to brilliant.org/aliabdaal or scan the QR code on screen or click the link down in the video description, and that will all get you 20% off the annual premium subscription. So thank you so much Brilliant for sponsoring this video, and let's get back to it. All right, so now we're moving on to phase three where things get a little bit more interesting. Because so far, we have only asked AI to help us think. We haven't actually asked it to do anything other than that just yet. And phase three is where that's going to change. So, phase three is using AI as your worker. [music] And this is going to be weeks three and four. So, this is going to be a two-week phase. Now, here is where we're going to get the AI to actually start doing stuff for us. The mistake I've seen most people make is that they will go straight to this phase and they'll say something like, "Write me this Instagram post." And if you do that, the output is probably going to be very generic and it's [music] not going to be very good. Instead, I'd recommend thinking about it using the 10 80 10 rule. I think I got this from Dan Martell's book, Buy Back Your Time. This is like a system you can use to delegate stuff to real humans. Given that we're basically treating [music] our AI as a very smart intern that we can talk to in a chat window at all times, we're going to be using the 10 80 10 rule. Now, the 10 80 10 rule is that you are going to do the first 10% of the job, you're going to ask the AI to do the middle 80%, [music] and then you're going to do the final 10% for a taste check, for a vibe check, for like quality [music] assurance on the thing. You absolutely do not want to be jumping to trying to get the AI to do 100% of the work for you because that's when you [music] end up with absolute garbage. So, let's say Nicole, who's in charge of my Instagram, needs to come up with content ideas for a filming day. That's [music] a core part of a job. The noob version of this would be to go to ChatGPT or whatever and say, "Hey, come up with 50 content ideas for my Instagram." [music] But, if instead Nicole were to say, "This is a transcript from Ali Abdaal's latest YouTube video. Here are three Instagram Reels from competitors that performed really well this month. Here is our current content strategy doc that explains our target audience and brand voice. Based on all this, give me 20 hook ideas that would work as Instagram Reels. [music] Focus on counterintuitive takes and pattern interrupts." So, Nicole's given the AI a lot of context. She's copied and pasted a bunch of stuff, and therefore the AI is generally able to give a much better response. [music] And then Nicole is obviously going to go through the list of content ideas that the AI has given, and she's not just going to take all of them wholesale. She's going to use her own taste and her [music] own discernment to decide which of the ones she actually agrees with. And then what you can always do is, you can, you know, let's say you've gotten 20 ideas from the AI and you like five of them, you can just copy and paste those five back into the AI and say, "Hey, these were the five I resonated the most with. Give me 50 more ideas along this vein." And then of the 50 more ideas it generates, maybe you'll like another 10 of them. So, now you've just generated 15 content ideas without having to do a lot of the heavy lifting yourself. But, crucially, all 15 of those have been human-vetted so that they actually have taste and discernment applied to them, rather than just being AI slop. Now, I want to do a little tangent at this point about the idea of taste. This is the key thing that separates the people who use AI well from the people who don't. >> For whatever you're doing for your work or your business or your personal life, you should have [music] an intuitive feel for what is good and what is bad. If you're a total beginner to the thing, you might not have developed that taste yet. But, over time, as you become a better professional, you will develop a feel for like, "Okay, this is actually a good piece of content. This is a good sales page." You have this feeling of taste around what is good and what is not. And the biggest issue with AI is that if you are asking it to generate stuff for you, it will produce [music] stuff that hopefully you'll think, "Ugh, I don't I don't really like it." You'll get [music] that internal feeling of like cringe at the at the output that the AI has produced. very good sign because that means your bar for taste, like what you think is actually [music] good, is here and the AI has not quite met that bar. And your job is to give it feedback like you would a junior team member or an intern. So, by the end of week four, the whole idea is that if you start doing this with anything that a ChatGPT window can respond to, like anything to do with writing or strategy, and you're developing the habit of anytime you're doing anything at all, you're asking yourself, "Could I ask the AI to do this in addition to me so that I can test the response of the AI?" And it's really a process of experimentation and testing. Okay, so at this point in phase three, you're already ahead of most people because you're using the 10-80-10 [music] rule to communicate with your AI intern. But, the issue is every time you use AI right now, you're starting from scratch. You're opening up a new ChatGPT, Claude [music] window, or whatever. And so, instead of starting from scratch every time, what if the AI could actually get better and better over time so that the hundredth time you do something is actually way better than the first time you do the thing. That is where we get to [music] phase four, which is using AI as a system. And for most people, this is probably going to take around 1 to 2 months to get really [music] comfortable with this approach to AI. Now, at this point, I'd like to offer you an analogy, which is imagine that you are baking a cake. You got ingredients of the cake, and you bake the cake, and like, you know, you follow a basic recipe, and it comes out okay, cuz it's the first time you bake the cake. And now you find yourself having to bake this cake every day because it's part of your job. And over time, you start finding yourself wanting to add sugar at the end of the process because the cake is just a little too not sweet. And so, at some point, you might ask yourself, "Wait a minute. What if I were to just modify the recipe so that I just added more sugar up front." And you look at the recipe, and you see the recipe involves one cup of sugar, or whatever. You're like, "All right, let me try 1.5 cups of sugar to see if the cake has my desired sweetness." So, you give it a go, you add an extra half cup of sugar, and then you see how the cake turns out, and you're like, "Oh, that's actually pretty solid." So, then you update the recipe. So, from now on, you're using 1.5 cups of sugar rather than one cup of sugar. Then, to continue this analogy, let's say you realize after a while that, "Huh, it always seems a little bit dry, and I find myself wanting to add chocolate sauce at the end of it just to add that like moisture." You might then think to yourself, "Wait a minute. Why don't I experiment with the recipe? What if I were to add the chocolate sauce earlier on in the process? What might that look like?" So, you add the chocolate sauce earlier, you experiment with it, and lo and behold, it turns out amazing. And you're like, "Great, I'm going to update my recipe so that the chocolate sauce is in there every [music] single time." And this is how your grandma's cake recipe ended up being passed down the generations because she probably worked on it hundreds of times and developed that recipe over time. What the hell does any of this have to do with AI? Well, I'm glad you asked because it's the same kind of thing when we are working with AI. The idea is that we are trying to build our own prompt library using prompt [music] engineering. So, the very first time, let's say Nicola, a social media manager, the very first time she uses ChatGPT to [music] to generate content ideas, she might say, "Here is a transcript of some content that my boss Ali Ballas produced. Give me 50 Instagram reel hook ideas from it." That would be version one. That's version one of the recipe. Then she sees how it goes. She realizes the hooks are a little bit generic, and so she adds to the prompt, "Make sure each hook uses a pattern interrupt or a controversial take. Avoid anything that sounds like generic advice." She's like, all right, maybe if I just ask the AI to not be generic, maybe it won't be generic. And then she looks at the results of that same prompt, and she's like, oh, this was actually a little bit better. So then she updates the recipe and calls it version two, V2. Then she notices that like, you know, the output it's giving is that the hooks are a bit too long to actually be a sentence that I could say out on an Instagram reel. So then she updates the prompt to say, make sure each hook is under 20 words. Again, she tests the output and she realizes, oh, wait a minute, that that was actually better. So let me update my recipe. Let me update my prompt so it's now a V4 [music] prompt or V3 or whatever. Then she finds I give a feedback saying I really don't like rhetorical questions cuz rhetorical questions are just never something that I use in real life. And so she then updates the recipe to say, make sure you never use rhetorical questions. And that is V5 of the prompt. At this point Nicole could use an app like Text Expander, she could create a keyboard shortcut for the phrase, I don't [music] know, IGH, Instagram hooks, and then by typing IGH into any kind of text bar, it would automatically expand out and give her the whole prompt. And this would be an example of prompt engineering to generate a prompt library. So in Nicole's case, she would have a prompt for hook generation. She'd have a prompt for turning a transcript into a LinkedIn post, for example. She might have a prompt for analyzing a competitor's Instagram account and figuring out like what they're doing that we could basically steal ideas from. And so if you were to apply this to your own work, then by month three, you'll have a prompt library. [music] Then now over time, all of these prompts are just getting better because you're able to add more context to them [music] as the workflow changes or evolves. The other thing you can then do when you have this sort of systematized list of prompts in your prompt library, is you can start experimenting with different AI models. So maybe you're just using the basic free version of ChatGPT for your hook generation or whatever. But then you think, you know what, let me try the free trial of ChatGPT Pro and see if ChatGPT 5.1 is any better. And over time you realize that like actually certain models work best with certain prompts. And at that point you might be like, man, I'm getting so much value from this. [music] I might as well just get the pro subscription to ChatGPT and Claude and Gemini or ask your workplace to pay for it or whatever the situation is. In my case, I have a paid subscription to all of these things because I find them incredibly useful. At this point, or maybe even before this point, you might have realized that actually there's a bunch of tasks you might need to do in [music] your work or in your business that actually cannot just be done through a text interface. Like maybe you need to create slide decks. And so, you can find AI tools for that. There's Gamma, there's Beautiful.ai, Figma slides now has some AI generation tools applied [music] to it. The mistake people make here is getting overwhelmed with all the choices. Oh my god, there's a hundred new AI tools coming out every week. How do I know which one to use? It's like, don't worry about it. Find the AI tools that are helping [music] you with your specific use cases with your work or with your business. Now, everything at this point has required [music] you to be in the loop. But wouldn't it be absolutely sick if you didn't even need to talk to the AI? What if you could just set up a kind of system once, and then have the AI [music] automatically running in the background doing the work for you? And this is where we get to phase five, which is AI as infrastructure. This is probably going to be month number four onwards for most people, and you can spend literally years going deeper and deeper into this rabbit hole. So again, to use Nicole as an example, [music] part of her job is to take transcripts from the YouTube videos that I've created, and to figure out what are some of the interesting points I made in these YouTube videos, which we could then film separately as like an Instagram reel, or write up as an Instagram carousel. But even if you're doing prompt engineering, prompt library, 10/80/10 rule, you are still finding yourself manually doing stuff. And at a certain point, you might think, man, we're releasing so much content, I'm having to do this manual repetitive task like for 3 hours every [music] week. I wonder, is there a way I could automate this? And this is where we get into the rabbit hole of AI automation. And there's like a few different like levels of depth here. So level one would be using AI automation that's built into tools that you are already using. So Nicole might discover, for example, that, hey, our editors edit videos in Premiere Pro, we use a plugin called Fire Cut, which is an AI plugin to speed up editing, and I oh, Fire Cut automatically generates a transcript, and can automatically just chuck it into a Google Drive. Fantastic. That's one step of the process that's already been automated that we didn't really need to do anything for. Then you've got level two, which would be using simple automation tools like Zapier, or like Make.com. Basically, these are connector tools that let you connect to apps together. So you can say every time there's a new Zoom call recording, I want [music] you to automatically get a transcription from the Zoom recording, and then I want you to run that transcription through ChatGPT using this particular prompt, which we get from our prompt library, and then I want you to give me the output as a Slack message. You can do that kind of stuff with Zapier or make.com. Level three is where you graduate to a more powerful automation tool, something like n8n, which I've been playing a lot with recently. Now these give you more granular control over these automations that you're building, but they do require a little bit of more technical knowledge, but you can build much more fancy, sophisticated workflows. And when you're at this phase, and you start watching video tutorials on YouTube about how to use n8n, all of that stuff starts to make sense, and you start getting way more ideas for what you could automate if you wanted to in your professional or your personal life. The other example could be Geo, who's our head of student success for our Lifestyle Business Academy. One use of automations for her that we are currently trying to build is that every time we have a coaching call with one of our students, all of that is automatically recorded via Grain, and it's automatically transcribed. >> So every week can we run a weekly automation that automatically takes all of the transcripts for all of the students' coaching calls, [music] combines that with the conversation we've had our students based on the Slack support channels, because we give all of our students one-on-one Slack support, and then based on its knowledge of where the students are in the lifestyle business building roadmap based on our own like CRM, which we have in Notion, can the automation take all of this data and automatically give us a weekly report for every student that summarizes what are their wins, and what are they struggling with, and what are the areas where they might need support next week? That'll be sick, because currently that's a manual process that takes hours and hours every Friday, and if we could automate that work, it would save our coaches a lot of admin time, and it would mean that they can actually spend more time talking to the students rather than doing admin and try to sort of put data together all in one place. And then level four of automation is where you're not just using built-in sort of connector tools that drag and drop stuff. This is where you're actually building your own AI apps. You might not be building them to try and sell them to the market, because that's actually kind of hard, but you can totally build your own internal tools that you are using within your workplace or within your business. But to be honest, a lot of this is overkill. Mostly for most things, you don't really need to, at least right now, go much beyond like learning how to use Zapier to connect things together. So, as you get into this world of automations, you start realizing that like, "Whoa, this is infinite rabbit hole of things I could automate." And then the discipline becomes basically deciding what is actually worth automating versus what's worth continuing to do manually versus even better, what's a process that you actually don't need that you could just delete from your work or from your business. Now, in this video, I've given you a lot of examples of team members of mine, but if you're interested in my own personal workflow for how I actually use AI as an entrepreneur and business owner, then I've got this video over here that walks through exactly how I use AI to create new features for the software that we're building, how I use it to generate content ideas for building my personal brand, and that shares a bunch more data around like the input-process-output method of using AI to improve your productivity. So, that'll be right over here. Thank you so much for watching, and I will see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrSilco-o3x [93 likes]: theyll teach a 16 year old how to write a resume but not how compound interest works against you. book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl was the first time someone explained whose side the bank is actually on
  2. @aliabdaal [18 likes]: Get the free AI learning guide here: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytpai-guide
  3. @mahmoud-w2j5h: three months after book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl i stopped saying "i cant afford that" and started asking "why cant i afford that." completely different question. completely different life
  4. @bedsofha: read book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl on a flight next to a guy in a suit. he peeked at the cover and looked away fast. that look told me more than any review
  5. @Kylefunk21: 14:01 building master prompts like this have CHANGED the game in the way I use AI. Good output happens with good input. Wild.
  6. @Michael_Valen: The video was produced so well — I’d never thought about the angle of “how to use AI.” I still need to keep learning. Thanks to the creator for sharing!
  7. @mlinganimatiwane: What was the prompt for evaluating wastefulness and efficiencies in your job?
  8. @reeta1176: It's a goldmine for a person like me who is new to AI and trying to learn AI, but feels overwhelmed during this process!
  9. @Thesustainabilitymovement-u8q: Do not understand why the YouTubers are promoting AI so much. why aren't realizing the destructive aspect of it?
  10. @rebeccadyer6119: It's really important to have the consent of everyone in an online call before recording a meeting or having an LLM transcribe their speech. Please don't record people without their knowledge.
  11. @christlike1894: The link to the guide doesn't work.
  12. @isaacl-c9w: Thanks for the toilet visual
  13. @zahrahasanpour8495: Absolutely sick
  14. @The_Quand: its incredibly useful. Yes. Used well, with intelligent questions, it can improve efficient harvesting and use of data for a focused purpose.

I have a friend who doesn’t see many people. I had not seen this person for a long time. When they came to visit, they spoke about ChatGPT as if it were a person they had an actual relationship with. It was unsettling and I called them on it with respect and concern. This aspect of our interaction with a language learning machine is deeply worrying. Our “coach”? Our “therapist”? The “person” who is always encouraging us and never calling us on our untidiness and humanity? We are at risk from this - not the machine, but our inability to resist the illusion.

When Ali encourages us in this video to turn to AI for anything that we are struggling with in our personal or professional life………and that this is laying one of the “foundations” for…….for what? 
It is deeply worrying. A real dialogue is something between animated, dynamic PERSONS and the living and loving, imperfect and untidy experience of person to person communication.
I am not saying AI cannot be a superb tool, but the habits that are being encouraged here - are they not even slightly terrifying? To treat AI like a coach, a confidante, an advisor, a counsellor……in short a “companion” or “person”. 

No.

Let us not be unconscious in our USE of this TOOL.
  15. @boku-23772: as a former AI/ML Engineer, I am seriously concerned about our future. Especially when it comes to (replace Google) (Using AI as your coach)
  16. @MADメKILLARツ: The automation phase made me think. I’ve got AICarma alerts piped into Slack, so the moment LLMs say something off, the team sees it.
  17. @shiva123-shiva: really loved how you broke it down
  18. @snezhanafiuortt9859: Thank you for this video, it’s so helpful and full of value!
  19. @apporvaarya: nothing new
  20. @noahhollenbeck4685: Why has nobody mentioned how this video's title and the concept of the thumbnail was stolen from theMITmonk?

- 17 Micro-Habits to Improve Your Focus: Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the channel. In this video, we're going to talk through 17 micro habits that you can incorporate into your life to try and fix your attention span before it's too late and the robots come for us all. The first 5 minutes of any task are the ones where we are the most prone to getting distracted. There's an absolute peak of this just before we start doing the task and then usually you find that about 5 minutes into the task, it's like it's actually a lot easier to stay focused than you were at the start. What that leads to is something really popular in the productivity space, the 5minut rule. If you are struggling with staying focused on anything at all, just tell yourself you're going to do it for 5 minutes. Or if you're in the middle of a focus session and you're finding yourself getting distracted, tell yourself, "I'm just going to do it for another 5 minutes." If you can sit through the discomfort of just doing it for 5 minutes, you'll usually find that it's a lot easier to stay focused and for your attention span to stay on task with that particular thing. Consume more long- form stuff. I'm not saying you have to cut out all forms of entertainment. But in general, the more you're consuming things that are longer form like books or audio books or movies rather than Tik Toks and Instagram reels and YouTube shorts, the more you are able to train your attention span to focus on stuff for a little bit longer. Get your phone away from the bedroom. One of the biggest time syncs in the world is when we are scrolling on our phone for no reason at nighttime. This is just terrible for our attention span. It's terrible for our focus, and it's also really terrible for our sleep and for our mood and for all of the things in life. So, ideally, you'd be charging your phone not in your bedroom, and so you can say good night to your phone before you go to bed. But if your phone absolutely has to be in your bedroom, it's worth setting up the charger across the bed so that you're not tempted to reach for it if you can't get to sleep. Set your phone to automatically block offending apps after a certain time at night. I'm a big believer of building a system rather than requiring your own willpower to do sensible things like training up your attention span or training your ability to focus. If you are watching a TV show or a movie, do it without reaching for your phone. This is another example of being able to consume long- form content, which is still entertainment in various ways, without having to do something else at the same time. If you're watching a TV show or movie, try watching it without the subtitles on. I know sometimes it's difficult to follow what's being said, and sometimes it is genuinely difficult to follow the plot to figure out like, wait, who is that character again? What do they actually want? But by forcing yourself to watch stuff without the subtitles, you're actually training your attention span, which means you can get entertained and also be running this training program at the same time. Change up the environment in which you work. Yes, it's all well and good having a nice productivity desk setup where you've got everything like arranged as you like it, but there's also something about being able to take your laptop into a very crowded, very busy coffee shop and training yourself to be able to focus in that particular environment. When I was at university, I found that in my first year of med school, I was only really able to focus when I was in my own room, but then that would get kind of lonely. And so from my second year onwards, I found that going to different libraries and different coffee shops, a was way more enjoyable, which meant I just had a better time. But B, what it did was that it forced me to train my attention span and my focus so that I actually could focus in those coffee shops. And especially if you're using stuff like noise cancelling headphones, this is really not as hard as it can sometimes appear. And the benefit of this is that it means you can then train yourself to focus in almost any environment. Oh, by the way, if you're interested, we actually have a completely free 7-day focus crash course, which is a free email course. You just enter your email and then basically every day for 7 days, you get some very detailed emails with some amazing strategies on how to improve your focus. That'll be linked down below if you want to check it out. Set screen time limits on your phone. To be honest, a lot of the tips in this video are about the damn phone because the damn phone tends to be the thing that is stealing our attention span more so than anything else. And so, all modern phones these days have built-in screen time limits. Like, limit yourself to Instagram for 10 minutes, 15 minutes. And if you can do that, I can guarantee that your attention span is going to be way better compared to someone who's like got 8 hours of screen time on Instagram or on Tik Tok. While you are trying to focus on something, get the phone away from you. Ideally, you would have it in a different room altogether. That would be the gold standard. Silver standard would be that it's in the same room, but it's in some kind of do not disturb focus mode and it's like away from your desk. And like bronze standard, which admittedly is the one that I do, is that you have it on some kind of do not disturb focus mode, so you don't get any notifications. And you also have it turned face down so you're not like tempted to look at the phone. Get good at understanding your internal triggers for distraction. There is a wonderful book by my friend Near Eel called Indistractible, which is basically about how to take control of your attention span. And the research that he summarizes in that book. What it basically suggests is that in around 80% of cases, [music] the key trigger for our distraction is not actually something like an external notification, but it's actually some kind of internal emotional state that we are seeking to escape. Something like boredom or something like anxiety or fear or insecurity or perfectionism. And so we have those kind of feelings, those internal bodily sensations that come up as a result of us trying to I don't know do some work that might be tricky. And instead of recognizing the feeling and sitting with the feeling and just sort of like experiencing the feeling, we feel so uncomfortable with what is just ultimately an internal bodily sensation that's not really going to harm us that we have to reach for the phone to try and distract us from that internal experience. So if you recognize this and you actually want to train your attention span, one thing that's useful to do is when you feel that internal trigger, it's helpful to take a step back and to try and name what emotion you're feeling. Is it fear? Is it uncertainty? Is it doubt? Is it anxiety? Is it perfectionism? Is it I'm afraid of what other people will think? Like what's the thing? And secondly, in that moment, if you close your eyes and you try and just really fully feel the feeling. So rather than trying to escape the feeling of discomfort, actually what does it feel like if you just lean into that feeling of discomfort? And usually you find if you do that that the feeling has not actually killed you, it's actually not harmed you in any way at all. And then the more practice you have of doing this thing where you recognize the emotion and allow yourself to fully feel it, the more it trains your brain and your body to not try and run away from what might seem to be unpleasant emotions on the surface. The more you can do that, the less likely you are to get distracted by stuff. And therefore, you have just trained your attention span to be able to focus for longer. Now, another way to increase your attention span is to minimize friction when you are doing deep work. Now, just like you, a lot of my work is done on the computer. And one of my favorite ways of getting in the zone is to speak out my ideas instead of typing them. So, there's an app that I've been using pretty much every day lately, and that is Whisper Flow, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Whisper Flow is amazing. You install it on your Mac and then you hit a keyboard shortcut and then you just speak whatever you want and it will do an amazing job of transcribing the stuff that you've said and putting it into wherever you've got your cursor and it also adapts the tone and the formatting based on where you're writing. So whatever I say then becomes either a casual message or a properly formatted email or a structured document depending on the context. So for example, over the weekend I was working on some changes to the lifestyle business academy curriculum which is this online business school that we're working on. But at the end of the day, I was like, "Ah, I need to type out all of these different changes I've made so I can communicate them to the team and to our students." And so instead of having to like painstakingly type out everything and sort of format it and structure it appropriately, I just spoke out a spiel into Whisper Flow and it did an amazing job of formatting things exactly how I wanted. So in my case, all of my work is actually downstream of writing. So ideas and courses and newsletters and YouTube videos and books and so having my thoughts recorded and accurately transcribed when I'm using my computer is a massive, massive unlock for me. So if you're still manually typing things out, you might like to give Whisper Flow a go. Head over to whisperflow.ai/ Ali and use the code Ali to get one month completely for free. And that link will also be down in the video description. So, thank you again to Flo for sponsoring this video. And let's get back into it. Track your progress with whatever task you're doing. Writers figured this out ages ago. Almost every writer who writes for a living will find some kind of way of tracking their word count. This is the principle that video game designers tap into as well. Like whenever you're like killing the monsters in World of Warcraft or whatever, you can see your experience bar going up and you can see yourself leveling up. And this is often what would make what what is otherwise an a grindy unenjoyable activity into something that feels genuinely good. Because we as humans are hardwired to seek progress when we can experience and feel ourselves making progress in whatever the thing is. Even if it's something arbitrary like killing a number of bears in World of Warcraft or if you're a salesperson like putting beads into a jar for every sales call you make. That feeling of progress is profoundly motivating to encourage us to continue doing the thing. And therefore, as a result, by tracking your progress, you're actually improving your ability to focus on that task for longer. Take recharging rather than stimulating breaks. A lot of the time what I see in people who are working on starting businesses for example is that you know they'll work on the thing for I don't know 45 minutes, 50 minutes or an hour and then they'll take a break. But in that break they will do something that is generating even more stimulation. They will check their email. They'll check their Slack messages. They will look at social media and see what notifications came in. Now what that does is that it doesn't relax us. It does not recharge us. But what it does is it just adds more stuff to our mental to-do list. And this has the opposite effect of actually recharging us during a break. So wherever possible during the breaks that you are taking away from focusing actually focus on things that genuinely recharge your energy rather than creating more open loops in your mind. Try to surround yourself with other people who are also trying to focus. This is the incredible power of working in libraries or working in coffee shops where everyone's got their MacBooks out and everyone seems to be working. When you are in an environment where other people are working, it just naturally nudges you away from doing distracting things and actually towards working. And the more you're able to do that, again, the more you're training your indistractibility, the more you're training your attention span, the more you're training your ability to focus. Diagnose and fix problems with your hardware. Now, a lot of the times something like attention span or focus, that's sort of like a software problem. It's sort of like, you know, or or at least we can conceptualize it as an issue with our brain, our brain's ability to focus. But one thing that has a remarkable impact on your brain's ability to focus is what are the stats of the rest of your body? Have you slept appropriately well? Have you eaten healthy food? Have you exercised recently? It's the boring stuff like that, the hardware problems that often end up fixing the software problems. So, if you're finding that you're having an issue with your attention span, honestly, the first thing to look at is how's your sleep? How's your nutrition? How is your exercise? Are you getting some basic level of socialization? Because we as humans need connection with other people. And if you haven't ticked any of those boxes, you are leaving a lot of focus points on the table. Turn off all of your notifications other than the ones from friends and family. We are constantly getting pinged by all of these apps that are just stealing our attention span. And so what I find helpful is that anytime I see a notification from an app that is not immediately actionable or that's kind of annoying, I will just long press and I will mute all notifications from the app. With whatever you're doing, ask yourself the question, what would this look like if it were fun? Generally, we struggle with our attention span and we struggle with our focus on things that we find boring. But if you can find a way to make the task even just 10% more enjoyable, you're a lot less likely to be distracted and you're also going to be more productive, more creative, and you'll have more energy to give to the other important areas of your life. This is the exact thesis behind my New York Times bestselling book, Feelgood Productivity. If you haven't yet checked it out, or maybe if you have and you need some revision, there is a video over here that we've put together which is the introduction to that book that explains the core fundamental thesis. It explains the science behind why enjoyment is actually the secret to focus and productivity. And there's a bunch of really cool animations in that video which is based on the first chapter of the audio book that you can check out in that video right over there. So, you should definitely check that out. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [11 likes]: Join my FREE quarterly goal-setting and reflection workshop on Saturday 4th April: https://go.aliabdaal.com/spring26ytp
Get my FREE 7-day focus email crash course: https://go.aliabdaal.com/ytpattention
  2. @shotzy_11 [1 likes]: Bro we are trying to learn English, can you slow down a little?
  3. @dhxujdsngxjx: “Great vibes 🔥”
  4. @VladKalynyn2023: worked overtime for 6 years thinking i was getting ahead. book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl showed me i was just making someone elses compound interest work harder. never again
  5. @ПетрРоманов-т8ю: i was the "responsible" one. paid bills on time, never missed work, saved a little each month. book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl showed me i was just a well-behaved poor person
  6. @Wachid2.0: Highlights by TubeLens:
00:10 استخدام قاعدة الخمس دقائق للتغلب على المماطلة والبدء في المهام الصعبة من خلال إقناع العقل بالالتزام لمدة قصيرة فقط.
00:45 الحد من استهلاك المحتوى القصير سريع الإيقاع والتركيز على المحتوى الطويل لتدريب الدماغ على زيادة مدى الانتباه.
01:03 فصل الهاتف المحمول عن بيئة النوم والعمل، واستخدام أدوات تقنية لتقييد الوصول للتطبيقات المشتتة.
02:09 تغيير بيئة العمل لتطوير القدرة على التركيز في ظروف مختلفة، واستخدام الضوضاء البيضاء أو سماعات إلغاء الضجيج.
03:48 فهم المشاعر الداخلية مثل الملل أو القلق التي تدفعنا للمشتتات، والتعامل معها بدلاً من الهروب للهاتف.
06:47 تتبع التقدم في المهام لخلق حلقة تحفيزية تشبه ألعاب الفيديو، وتجنب فخ الاستثارة الذهنية أثناء فترات الراحة.
08:33 معالجة الأساسيات الحيوية مثل جودة النوم والتغذية والرياضة كخط دفاع أول لتحسين الأداء الذهني والتركيز.
  7. @AzeerAhad-s5b: I felt i learned very focused in classroom so i play classroom noise simulating and visualising im in class
  8. @danieladzraku1508: This is so valuable to me.Thanks so much Ali
  9. @Jianfa88Tsai: AI: Improving focus is like training a puppy – you gently bring it back every time it wanders, feed it good habits, remove tempting distractions, and over time it learns to stay on one toy (your task) much longer.
  10. @H-7_ZidanArkan: Thank you
  11. @UjinAltangerel06: Because of social media and short videos, or attention span became much shorter than 5 years ago.It's kinda sad. Our future kids are using ipad before even reading...
  12. @RajeshFlow-h1f: Great vdo I got good 8-9 points I will use them in my life
  13. @fikran-l7t: sounds good, i hope can do it constantly
  14. @bulwarkjm2: I don't think I've been able to leave my phone in another room for 20 minutes without getting a prompt to enter a multi-factor authentication code that's been sent to my phone.
  15. @OsamaBaig: Hardware problems are so real! I find that my body fat percentage and general health plays a big role in my focus. Having a low body fat, good sleep and healthy diet significantly improves my focus and creativity. Also, basic vitamins like vitamin D and magnesium are so important in having focus
  16. @aldaanish: I want to know one thing from you: when I sit to work my mind stops working automatically. My internal feelings are like, "Don't work, go somewhere else, play, practice, and so many things." They are distracting my mind so what I need to do right now is just tell
  17. @sulakshan-ir3gx: Hey I am a student who from sri lanka is there any ways to make money, because I need it for my higher studies😢😢😢
  18. @wikomangoli131: thanks
  19. @RyanBlake0123: The part about the first 5 minutes being the hardest was a punch in the face for me. That’s EXACTLY when I grab my phone. I’m done with that. This video + Focus Shield by David Cole is literally my new focus system. Life changing.
  20. @MercedesLynn: Just purchased the audiobook “Indistractable.” I was saving my credit for a good listen, thanks for mentioning it.

- The mindset slowly destroying your life: Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, if you've ever had a big dream, but you have found yourself spending weeks or months or maybe even years planning and analyzing and thinking about it and waiting for the moment where everything finally feels ready before you take the first step, then firstly, hopefully this video will help. And secondly, don't worry, you are not alone because most of us without realizing it are living in a thing that I like to call the prison of certainty. So, in this video, we're going to talk about firstly where this prison comes from. [music] And hint, it starts with the schooling system. Secondly, we're going to talk about why success in the real world plays [music] by completely different rules. And thirdly, I'm going to share a few mindset shifts that have really helped me that can hopefully help you break through the prison of certainty and actually achieve your potential. By the way, if you're new here, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and I started out my career doing absolutely everything right. I ticked all the boxes. I got all the grades. I going to a fancy university. I became a doctor and I ended up in a job that society considered successful. But for me, I didn't really have the freedom or the fulfillment and certainly not the financial independence that I actually wanted. So, it was a long journey for me to break free from that system. And actually, I've been documenting that journey on this YouTube channel since like 2017. But now that I'm on the other side and I now coach people on how to build a business and a life they love, there is a pattern that I've started to see with a lot of my students that I think really really holds them back from achieving their dreams of financial freedom. And it all relates to this idea of the prison of certainty. Okay, so the prison of certainty is the invisible jail that most of us never really escape. And it's a jail that is built from the belief I can't move forward until I'm sure it will work. Now, this belief seems very reasonable. We certainly don't want to waste time, right? If you're watching this video, you probably don't have an abundance of free time in your life. And so, like, of course, you don't want to do something unless you have reasonable confidence that it's actually going to work. Why would you start that business unless you have the right business idea? Why would you take that risk unless you're sure it's going to pay off? Cuz your current situation is probably like, okay, it's not like you're in a drastically terrible situation cuz in many ways, it's actually easier to escape from a really, really, really terrible situation than it is to escape from a situation that's just okay. This is something known as the region beta paradox, which is that when things are kind of like good enough, it often takes quite a big push for us to make a change. Whereas when things really suck, then you know you got nothing to lose. You might as well go for it. But my argument in this video and what I hope to convince you of is that this belief is a prison that will hold you back from achieving your dreams. And together we need to understand where it comes from. And that brings us to the idea of the oneshot brain. Now this is where we can blame the school system. So what school basically taught us is that life is a series of oneshot exams. Generally, when you are preparing for an exam, you can only take the exam once. And if you have to retake the exam, you're like some kind of idiot because what the hell is wrong with you that you had to reset the exam? That's the general attitude around resets. If you're applying for college or university, you generally have one shot at getting like the application in. You have one shot at like doing well in the interview. And these are fairly high stakes situations. Like for me, for my Cambridge Medicine interview, I prepared so much for that because I only had one shot. And if I hadn't gotten in to study medicine at Cambridge University, my life trajectory would have been completely different to what it is now. And so all of the zillions of hours that I spent preparing for that interview and like really optimizing things and really making sure I maximized my chances, all of that was worth it because I had one shot. And so really what the school system teaches us, the way all of these kind of artificial games are set up, the artificial game of exams, the artificial game of university admissions, all of these games are set up in a way that encourages us to develop a one-shot brain, which is where you do loads and loads and loads of preparation and thinking and analysis and planning because you only have one shot. Now, this wiring is amazing for passing exams, but is actually terrible for most things in the real world that involve achieving our dreams. And beyond the oneshot brain, there is something even deeper that this conditioning from school does to our minds. There is an idea that psychologists talk about which is defend mode versus discover mode. Now this is something I learned from Jonathan height's amazing book the anxious generation. And basically what he talks about is that when we are kids by default we are in discover mode. We are curious. We are playful. We are open to new experiences. We are willing to fail. We have an intrinsic growth mindset. Like you very rarely see small kids who are playing getting really really worried about failure or trying to make sure they get it right. In contrast to discover mode, you have defend mode. This is where you're not like open to new experiences and open, playful, and curious. This is where you're constantly scanning for threats and trying to make sure you're safe and trying to optimize for security and certainty and not taking risks. And this is where you are terrified of looking stupid or looking foolish or looking dumb. And you are terrified of losing whatever you've earned. And this is a thing that happens to kids as they go through the schooling system. Often the school system and its obsession with like past fail and that kind of stuff. And also the kind of social groups we find ourselves in where you know if you do something that looks dumb, you you're at risk of ostracis from the social group. And especially if you've grown up during an age of social media where like there's even more of this pressure to try and conform and try and fit in because otherwise people can be talking about you behind your back even when you're not in school like in the weekends and in the evenings and when you're like scrolling your phone in bed and when you're on the toilet. All of this makes kids switch from discover mode where they're like open and curious and like open to failure. And it makes them switch into defend mode where we're sort of entering our shells and trying to make sure that nothing in the outside world actually harms us. And this thing the oneshot brain and operating in defend mode which a lot of us are trained to do from a young age. This is actually really terrible for life in the adult world because most areas of adult life and business and wealth building and most things that involve you chasing a dream that you have, mostly those things are not oneshot games. They're actually infinite shot games. Now, if you have decided to take action on your goals, one of the most helpful things you can do is make the first step as easy as possible. Because whether you are starting your first business or you're putting your work out there into the world in any capacity or you're finally taking that idea out of your notes app, at some point you will need a place to put it. And that is where Hostinger comes in, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Hostinger is your one-stop shop solution to build your online presence. Whether you're trying to create a beautiful website or launching a business or hosting web apps, Hostinger houses it all in one ecosystem. We've been using Hostinger for a few years now, and they're the host of all of our different websites. Their AI website builder lets you go from idea to live website in just a few minutes. You enter your brand name, you describe what you're building, you tweak things with a simple drag and drop interface, and suddenly you're no longer thinking about starting the thing, but you've actually made tangible progress and you have something to show for it. They've also got built-in AI tools for things like product descriptions and images and email marketing. And they charge 0% transaction fees, which is really helpful when you are just getting started. Now, the best deal you'll get is by signing up to their business plan for 48 months. And that gives you access to their entire suite of AI tools and e-commerce. And you'll also get a free domain name as well. So, if you want to make 2026 the year that you finally get your website up and running, head over to hostinger.com/aliabdal. You can build your site for just $2.99 a month. Plus, you get an extra 10% off with the code Ali Abdal. So, thank you Hostinger for hosting our stuff and for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back to it. Now, there is an analogy that Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, uses for this, which I think is really good. Now, if you imagine playing baseball, you know, whether or not you know the rules of baseball, you probably know that the ball goes and then you hit the ball with a bat. When you hit the ball with a bat, there is a maximum number of points you can score, and that number is four. So you could score zero points if you didn't hit the ball at all. You could score one or two or three or four. You cannot score any more than four points. If you hit an amazing shot and you score a home run, you still only get four points. But the analogy that Jeff Bezos uses is that in the world of business, it's sort of like playing baseball, but instead of getting a maximum of four points, there is no cap to no cap. There is no cap to the amount of points you can earn. So for example, you could take a shot and earn nothing and take another shot and earn zero points and take another shot and earn zero points and then your fourth shot could earn you a million points or a billion points. And so generally when it comes to following your dreams or like building that business that gets you to financial freedom or whatever the goal might be, often it just takes one thing to go right for you to really really really win. And yet most of us are so scared to take the shot. We're spending ages polishing the bat and like making sure everything is perfect, etc., etc. Making sure that no one's going to think we look like a freaking idiot. Like we're so busy overthinking and planning and perfectionisming all of that stuff that we don't realize that the more shots you take, the more likely you are to succeed. It's sort of like if you are dating and you're trying to find the person to marry. A lot of people these days are just really really concerned about like going on a date. Like unless your physical safety is at risk, the worst case scenario from a date is that it's kind of a bit boring and it was kind of a waste of an hour or 2 hours or 2 and 1 half hours in the middle of the afternoon or in the evening. That's like the worst case scenario. But the best case scenario is that you end up falling in love and you end up getting married and then that's like you only need dating to go right once. And so all of the overthinking that people do around like going on a first date is all kind of completely pointless because who cares how many first dates you go on? You just needed to go right once. And it's the same thing if you're trying to build a business that gets you to financial freedom or start a side hustle or like start creating content. You actually have unlimited shots on goal and you just need one of them to work. So we often have people coming up to me at events. We often have students in our lifestyle business academy who are so concerned about like I really want to start a business but I don't have the right idea and they've spent years trying to think about the perfect idea. Failing to realize that for most entrepreneurs who've made it, it was not their first idea that got them there. It was like their fourth or fifth or sixth or seventh or whatever the thing might be. In fact, it's really really unusual to see an entrepreneur whose first idea was the one that made them rich or made them successful and made them financially free. And so the thing that separates the entrepreneurs from the entrepreneurs is the fact that the entrepreneurs are just willing to take shots even when they are uncertain. Whereas the entrepreneurs end up stuck in the prison of certainty. They they keep on waiting until they are 100% certain that the idea is going to work and until they are 100% certain they're not going to take action. But the thing is in the real world once you get outside of the school system there's no way to be 100% certain of anything at all. Like back in the days of school, I knew I wasn't going to take an exam unless I was 100% certain I was going to get 100% score because the curriculum was finite. And so if you just memorize the curriculum, memorize the mark schemes, the process of getting 100% in a maths exam is fairly straightforward. But that does not hold true at all in the real world. There is almost nothing in which you can have true 100% certainty. And so really the people that are operating in the sort of one-shot brain mechanism of school are the ones who stay on the sidelines forever because they are never 100% certain. Now crucially that is not to say that you shouldn't plan or you shouldn't analyze. There's another thing that Jeff Bezos talks about which is, you know, when it comes to making decisions, you want to know fairly quickly, is the decision a one-way door, or is it a two-way door? Is it a one-way door that you cannot go back from without incurring massive costs or is it a two-way door where actually you can like fairly easily walk back if the decision turns out not to be the right one? Now, in life, there are some examples of decisions that are one-way doors. For example, you probably want to consider the decision of getting married to be a one-way door. You don't really want to approach that from an experimental mindset of like, let me just try out marriage and see how it goes. It's generally in your interest to approach that at least initially, at least going into it as if this is a lifelong decision because it's a lifelong commitment you are making. Similarly, you probably don't want to approach kids as a two-way door decision, right? If you're going to have kids, you're kind of stuck with a kid and you got to look after the kid. So, you better be reasonably sure that you want kids before having kids. But there are very few of those kind of decisions in real life. Generally, when it comes to the thing that you want to do to follow your dreams, let's say it's building a business to get you to financial freedom, almost everything you can do there is a two-way door. We have students in our lifestyle business academy who are terrified of making their first post on LinkedIn. And we've had a couple of students who are spending like three hours on their first LinkedIn post. They've got zero followers on LinkedIn. Uh the thing they're worried about is that their former colleagues, you know, Jane from HR or whatever is going to see the post and then is going to judge them. And so they spend ages overthinking that one LinkedIn post. And really the the thing that we encourage our students to do as part of their like lifestyle business plan is that once you pick a social media platform, you're going to post on it every day for the next 5 years. If someone's going to take LinkedIn seriously, they're going to post 1,800 times on LinkedIn over the next 5 years. So, why would you spend 3 hours overthinking the very first post? Also, if you put the post out there and people don't like it, you can just delete the post. And then people are like, "Oh, but nothing's truly deleted from the internet." But like, bro, that first LinkedIn post you make where you tell your backstory is not the sort of thing that someone's going to dredge up at like an employment interview 10 years later to be like, "Huh, screw you. You made a LinkedIn post 10 years ago about your life." Like, the amount of overthinking people do for tiny, tiny, tiny decisions is utterly absurd. And I see this among some of our students in the lifestyle business academy. And we have to kind of nudge them nicely. We have we have to coach them through that process because they're not used to this. They're used to the school system. They're used to corporate employment where you kind of have one shot and you have to make sure you get the right answer. But this is completely counterproductive when you're working on your dreams or when you're trying to become an entrepreneur. Most things in life are two-way doors. And if it is a two-way door decision, then you want to make the decision in a small amount of time rather than a large amount of time because you know you can always reverse the decision. Now, all of this leads to what I like to think of as the overthinking tax. Every time you overthink a decision, you are taxing yourself. You're taxing yourself in three ways. The first way you're taxing yourself is like if we take one of our students for example who spends 3 hours to write a LinkedIn post because she or he is overthinking the LinkedIn post compared to another student who spends 10 minutes to write the LinkedIn post. It's like there's a massive tax, right? Because entrepreneur A who spends 3 hours on it is spending 2 hours and 50 minutes more on that one LinkedIn post compared to the other guy who's just done it in 10 minutes. Also, broadly, we generally find that if you spend less time working on something like an Instagram post or a LinkedIn post, it actually tends to perform better because it's more authentic and less like in your head. But that aside, like you've already paid the tax of wasting a ton of time doing something that your competitor or your colleague or someone else would have done in way less time. So firstly, there is the tax on time. Secondly, you pay the overthinking tax in in terms of like lost earnings, shall we say. For example, if you've been overthinking starting your business for 7 years, and it takes you 7 years to get over that initial hurdle to start the business, you are seven years behind the person that just thought, you know what, screw it, I'm just going to do it. And then the third thing is that overthinking is not fun. Most people say that overthinking is not a pleasant experience. Now, if overthinking a LinkedIn post for 3 hours brought you incredible joy and fulfillment, and you were you really approached it like an artisan, like a crafts person, where you know, you recognize that I only need to spend 10 minutes on this, but because I just love the process so much, I'm going to spend another 3 hours on it. If that were the case, then I'd be like, okay, sure. I mean, we all need our hobbies. For some of us, that's playing the guitar or the ukulele. For others of us, it's spending 3 hours writing a LinkedIn post. And if that's genuinely bringing you fun and fulfillment and joy, fantastic. Spend 3 hours doing the thing. I'm all for smelling the roses. But for the most part, when I speak to people who are overthinking, they are not enjoying the process of overthinking. So, not only are you wasting time overthinking, not only are you wasting money that you could have earned in the money example uh by overthinking and not taking action, but you're also just not having a good time while you're overthinking because your brain is in anxiety mode and it's in stress mode and it's and it's in defend mode. And in general, being in defend mode is not fun. Being in discover mode is a lot more fun where we are curious and open and playful rather than when we're like, "Oh my god, I have to work really hard to get it right and if it's not right, then it's going to suck and I will suck and then everything will fall to shit." And all of that kind of spiraling that the mind likes to do. So what do we do about this? Well, the first thing to do about this is to recognize when you are in overthinking mode, when you are in that prison of certainty. And a question I like to think of for myself is firstly, how much certainty do I currently have? And how much certainty do I need in order to make this decision? I think in Obama's biography he talked about this autobiography he talked about like as president of the United States you will always have imperfect information and so you have to learn to make decisions with 51% certainty and that's interesting coming from the president of the United States who can press a button and launch a drone and kill a bunch of people and talking about how like 51% certainty cuz if you're trying to get more certainty it's just never going to happen because you couldn't possibly have enough information. I could be butchering this Barack. Apologies if I've misqued you if you happen to be watching this video. My bad. And so it's worth putting numbers on these right? It's worth asking yourself like like you know if you're thinking of starting a business or making your first LinkedIn post, how much certainty do I need that this post is worth putting out and how much certainty do I currently have? And in general, I find that if I think of our most successful students in our lifestyle business academy compared to the ones who are still like struggling and overthinking, generally the ones who are succeeding are the ones who have a lower threshold of certainty that they need to hit in order to make something happen. If you're okay with putting something out there with 20% certainty that it's any good or 20% confidence, then you will do way more things than someone who needs 95% confidence in order to do something. The other question I find super helpful is how much confidence do I need to simply run the experiment? And this word experiment is something that I'm absolutely obsessed with. In my book, Feelgood Productivity, I talk a lot about it, the experimental mindset. In the book, there's, you know, nine chapters and each chapter has six different experiments you could try. Now the nice thing about the word experiment is that whether the experiment succeeds or fails either way you have learned something. You've gotten some useful data. And so when you frame things as experiments that is often a very easy hack to avoid overthinking. What does it take to just run the experiment? Could we just try it out and see what happens? What would it take to just do 10-minute long posts every day on LinkedIn for a week? Do you reckon we could try that as an experiment? We find that with our students when we kind of frame it that way that hey how about we just run it as an experiment and we see what happens then that framing of it almost always helps them get over the hurdle of overthinking because if you're in defend mode and you're having to get it right that's very different to being in discover or experiment mode where you're like you know what I'm just going to give it a go and if it doesn't work out that's okay because it will teach me something and I'm just going to keep on trying until something works again to our baseball analogy of like all it needs is for like one thing to work one business idea to be successful and now you're financially free. Uh whereas if you spend ages and ages and ages overthinking, even launching that first experiment, you're probably never going to get there. Now, a few weeks ago, I was at this entrepreneurs event in California in Palm Springs where we did some cool stuff. We went on hot air balloons and everything. And the guy running this event is a mentor of mine. He's a guy he's a guy called Taki Moore. And there was a quote he said at the start of the event that really stuck with me, which is that every business grows through a series of experiments. And the faster you can run cycles of experiments, the faster your business is going to grow. And he sort of threw that out fairly casually. And that that just really resonated. And I think it applies to more than just business. Like for almost any dream you want to go after, your goal is probably achievable through a series of experiments. You have the thing that you need to do. Let's say, you know, in in the context of business, it's like the problem that you have is I don't have a business idea. So you're like, cool, I've identified the problem. Then you come up with a hypothesis. Okay, I reckon maybe starting an AI automation agency could be a good thing. Then you run an experiment. You ask yourself, okay, what is the quickest, cheapest experiment that I can run to test the hypothesis as to whether this might work? And then you think, okay, maybe I'll do a deep research query. Maybe I'll do some market research. Maybe I'll speak to uh business owners that I know through LinkedIn and ask them about what their struggles with AI automation are. Maybe I'll just try building an NA10 sort of workflow over a weekend and just see what happens. And then once you've run the experiments, you look at the results of the experiment and you see like okay, what data has that now given you to inform your next move. And so running this cycle of like identify the problem or whatever the next thing you need to do is come up with a hypothesis, run a quick, cheap, simple experiment to test the hypothesis and then report back. That is often a great way to design a life and or business that you love. A similar strategy is called wayfinding. Um it's from the book designing your life by Bill Bernett and Dave Evans who are like Stanford business school professors. And they talk about this question of how to figure out what to do with your life. Now how to figure out what to do with your life is unlikely to be something that you can just sit down and think about it for ages and then come up with the right answer. [music] Usually it requires these cycles of experimentation. So for example, you might think, "Huh, I really hate my corporate job. Maybe I should apply to medical school." This is something I hear from people a lot, especially people in the US where you apply to medical school later than when you're in in the UK, for example. So these people are like, "All right, cool. maybe I should apply for medical school cuz I think being a doctor might be good. So really their hypothesis is if I were a doctor then I will have a better life. Now a expensive way to test that hypothesis is to apply to medical school, go to med school, do it for 6 years, become a doctor, train for 10 years and then see what happens. That is a very expensive way of doing it because it costs a lot of time and costs a lot of money. But there are cheaper ways to run that experiment. You could for example do some work experience where you shadow a doctor for a week at your local hospital and see if you like it. You could contact doctors that you know and you could offer to take them out for coffee or breakfast or lunch. You know, mostly people are down for a free meal. And you could just ask them be like, "Hey, what's it like being a doctor?" And they'll give you the honest truth and you can see like, "Okay, do I like the sound of this?" These are quick, easy, cheap experiments that you can run to gather data on whether you would enjoy being a doctor. And in the book, Designing Your Life, what they basically say is that this is a process called wayfinding, right? Like you don't really know what destination you want to go for because you generally just know what I want. I want joy, fulfillment, peace, financial independence, or whatever in my life. You don't really have a clear picture of the destination. But as long as you're like running experiments, gathering data, and then reviewing that, and then keep on doing that process, you will end up finding your way, navigating your way to somewhere interesting, that will probably be good for you in the long run. But the people that spend ages and ages and ages thinking about it and just living in their heads and not actually, you know, in the context of business, never actually taking an idea and like trying to bring it to the market, never putting their ideas in contact with reality. Those are the people that end up stuck for ages and then they come up to me at my events being like, "Oh man, I've been dreaming about starting my business for like 10 years and I've never taken action cuz I've got too many ideas and I don't know what the right one is." And honestly, what I want to tell them is like, "Bro, you are currently sitting on the fence." And it's just a bit weird if you're sitting on the fence for 10 years. Like you could get off the fence in this direction and go for that business or you could get off the fence in that direction, go for that business. But either way, you probably want to get off the fence and just do something because the more you bring your ideas in contact with reality, the more real world data you get and the more likely you are to make sensible decisions. You know, it's like again to use the dating example, the people that spend ages imagining in their head what their ideal partner looks like and never go on any dates are very very very unlikely to find their life partner. But the people that don't think about it too hard and just go on a lot of different dates will end up gathering a lot more data compared to the people that are overthinking it and sort of stuck in the prison of certainty and like will never actually do the thing. Now, if you're ready to finally stop overthinking and start actually doing the thing that you want to do, then you might want to check out that video over here, which is my evidence-based guide to goal setting. Once you once you're ready to take action, click on that video and that will teach you exactly how you can set an appropriate goal and create a plan and a system around that goal to actually achieve it. So, that'll be right over there and I will see you in that video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmartOffer-t4m [54 likes]: i used to think rich people were just lucky or corrupt. book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl made me realize its neither. its literacy. financial literacy they deliberately keep out of public schools
  2. @aliabdaal [9 likes]: Join my FREE quarterly goal-setting and reflection workshop on Saturday 4th April: https://go.aliabdaal.com/spring26ytp
Apply to join the Lifestyle Business Academy: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpoverthink
  3. @pastelbrainzz [2 likes]: I have been a silent observer of yours for years now. But this? This is my absolute favorite video of yours you've ever made. Thank you, man. God bless you.
  4. @NazHussain [2 likes]: I love the way Ali thought, with only 51% certainty, that Barrack Obama would watch this video, whilst the rest of us are at around 95% certainty that he wouldn't.
  5. @Hesusaaa: worked overtime for 6 years thinking i was getting ahead. book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl showed me i was just making someone elses compound interest work harder. never again
  6. @adolf-sn5cq: people share book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl quietly. no big posts. no tags. they text it to one person they trust. thats how i got it. thats how i pass it on
  7. @Ami9292-i6n: my cousin laughed at me for reading book Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. same cousin who borrowed money from me last christmas. i didnt lend it
  8. @thepilotgirl: date mein toh jane ka mouka hi nahi mila, sabne toh khub jhagra korna, racism korna shuru kor diya.  Arey hum gaon ki ledki hain, thodi hi ghum phir kor sakte hain. Aponko toh ghar rahe na hi pasand hain.
  9. @thepilotgirl: inshallah Ali bhai. Keyse hain?
  10. @Potatosalad-PS: I think Ali has some issue with James from HR when he was back in medical field. :P
  11. @nicode3: Lost me at quoting Jeff bezos
  12. @pepethefrog2: amazing video 💚💕
  13. @IrdaArsad: Thanks👍
  14. @NIWERKURTLIBRES: Hi Ali, I've been your subscriber for over years already, and I'm the kind of person similar to what you just talked about in this video. And I think the probable reason that I'm stuck is that I don't have a clear purpose or intentions, and I don't know where I can aim my time, efforts, and focus. So I would really appreciate it if you could recommend or create a video on "How to step by step find your purpose or your WHY?". Thank you!!!
  15. @Olimp-Motivation_History: the neuroscience here is wild. when you rehearse worst case scenarios your amygdala actually grows. you are physically building a larger fear center. the mindset that keeps scanning for problems is not caution it is your brain rewiring itself to find more problems
  16. @kevin_segura: 8:30 wantrepreneurs is a great phrase
  17. @VedaBuild: The dangerous thing about a toxic mindset is that it feels logical. You tell yourself you’re just being realistic. You say “I’m not good enough,” “It’s too late for me,” or “Other people are just lucky.” After a while you actually believe it. Then you stop taking risks, you stop putting effort, and you stop believing things can change. It doesn’t explode your life. It slowly limits it.
  18. @ronefana4015: thx
  19. @TheTierDude: Thoroughly enjoyed this, I resonate with it a lot and if anybody reading this has come out of the mindset (or fixed it for the most part) could I have some extra pointers please 😂
  20. @PoonamSnoobi: Its me.....

- 22 ONE-MINUTE Habits That Save Me 25+ Hours a Week: Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, according to my publishers, I am the world's most followed productivity expert. And so, perhaps unsurprisingly, I'm totally obsessed with finding what are the small habits I can apply to my life to save me a lot of time. And so, I have gone through and basically racked my brain and my calendar and my life for what are like all of the different things that I do that take me less than about a minute every time I do them, but that overall save me a ton of time every single week. Habit number one, the first thing I do every morning when I get to my desk is I ask myself one very simple question. What is today's adventure going to be? What this is getting at is what is the most important thing I need to get done? And this is super helpful because if you do it, it will force you to prioritize like the one thing that you really want to get done today. And secondly, framing it as an adventure rather than as a task encourages you to approach it in a spirit of play, which we know from the research improves our productivity and our creativity and our well-being. Once you have identified your most important task, you take 10 seconds to stick it in the calendar. If it's not in the calendar, it does not get done. And this is by far one of the most powerful productivity habits out of all of the ones out there. It's just deciding what is the most important thing for you to focus on and then actually creating a block of time and sticking it in your calendar where you are going to do it. Habit number three is when that block of time comes around, you don't just procrastinate. You instead start a focus timer. However you do it, when you have a visible timer, there is something magical about that that keeps you on task and stops you from wasting time doing random stuff that does not matter. Tiny habit number four is when you are working on anything, put your phone face down and turn off notifications. Bonus points, if you even put your phone in a different room where you cannot see it because there is even some evidence according to the science around this that like even just having your phone in the same room like it creates like a sense of anxiety of like what's happening on the phone? What's happening on the phone? So the more you can get rid of the phone from your working environment, the more time you will save. Tiny habit number five is that I have my phone on do not disturb at all times. You can set people who are exceptions to the do not disturb rule. So for me, if my wife is calling me, it goes through. If my mom or grandma or brother or sister-in-law calling me, it goes through. But if there's almost any other notification from anything else, it will not go through the do not disturb mode. Again, this is magical and time-saving because every time you get distracted, there is this thing called attention residue that like makes it way harder for you to get back on task. And so you just might as well have your phone on do not disturb or some kind of focus mode where notifications have been gotten rid of at all times. Tiny habit number five is to block all of your most offending apps at night after 9:00 p.m. There's just no need for it. We all waste a huge huge huge amount of time scrolling Instagram, browsing Tik Tok, even watching YouTube videos, maybe even this one after 9:00 p.m. when we really should be getting to bed. What this does is that it wastes hours and hours and hours in our life in aggregate because we end up scrolling at night for way longer than we should. that ends up destroying our sleep, which ends up reducing our energy levels the next day, which ends up bleeding into reduced productivity and everything else that we do. And the more you are using the damn phone at night, I found at least for me, and I'm sure probably for you as well, the less productive you are and the more time you're just randomly squandering on social media algorithms. Tiny habit number seven is to not have your phone anywhere near you when you are in bed. For me, the only thing I'm allowed to touch after 9:00 p.m. is my Kindle. So, I have my Kindle on my bedside table, and I'm usually charging my phone across the room. My wife is even more productive than I am and so she even charges her phone in a totally different room so that the phone doesn't even enter the bedroom. That is like how you do it on advanced mode. Habit number eight is to learn the keyboard shortcuts for everything that you do on your computer. It amazes me how much time people waste when they are clicking around with the mouse where if you know if you're using something like Excel or something like notion or something like Google Docs like or something like Slack like whatever the apps that you use most often are taking less than a minute to learn the keyboard shortcuts for the stuff that you do regularly on those apps is gamechanging because it massively adds up over time. Next up again related to keyboard shortcuts you should never be using your mouse to open anything on your computer. You can always do it with the keyboard. Mac has a built-in spotlight functionality. On Windows, you use the Windows logo key and type in what you want. My favorite app is the app Alfred. All of these apps basically let you do stuff on your computer using the keyboard because anytime you reach for your mouse, you are being slow and you are wasting seconds. Which is why all of the pros who are really fast at using a computer will almost always navigate with keyboard shortcuts or using the keyboard. So, taking a minute to learn those will save you small amounts of time each time, but that really, really, really adds up over years of using a computer. On a related note, you can set up text expansion functionality. There's an app called Text Expander. Alfred has that functionality. It's a functionality built into your iPhone. If you go on the keyboard settings and text replacement, so this is really helpful for things that you type in a lot. So, for example, I have an text expansion shortcut for my email and for my address and for my phone number and anything where if I have to fill out a form and I find myself typing in anything more than once, like my company's VAT number, I don't want to go and try and figure out what that thing is or just type it out manually. I'll just put in a keyboard shortcut like you know exclamation mark em and then that boom text expands to fill my email address. Next up we have voice over typing. Generally most people are faster at speaking than they are at typing. I'm a very fast typist. I I type at around 156 words per minute but I still speak way faster than that. And so using dictation tools to talk to my computer and talk to AI tools is way quicker and saves way more time than typing things out. The app that I use for this when I'm on the go is called Voice Pal. Again, it's an app that my team and I have built for this purpose. You hit record on your phone and you walk around and then you say whatever you want and it asks you follow-up questions. This is how I do all of my writing and like first drafting or like coming up with ideas. Now, once you start taking action and maybe even making some extra income as a result, you're going to want a place to invest all of that money. And that is where the sponsor of this video comes in, Trading 212. Trading 212 is an online investing platform that lets you invest in stocks and ETFs. Both my wife and I have actually been using Trading 212 independently for years, long before they ever sponsored our channel. And what I really like about it is how straightforward it makes investing. The app is very nice to use. It's very userfriendly. There are no commissions. You can invest in fractional shares. And there's none of that unnecessary friction that puts people off getting started. They've also recently launched the Trading 212 card, which gives you up to 10% cash back on your spending with no monthly fees, no hidden charges, and you get currency conversion at the interbank rate, which is amazing if you travel a lot or if you buy things online in different currencies. The card integrates directly with your Trading 212 invest account. So any uninvested cash actually earns compound interest in up to 13 currencies while you're just getting on with your life. On top of that, they've got a wonderful pies and auto invest features which makes it really easy to build a diversified portfolio on autopilot. And as a little bonus, if you sign up using my link, you can actually get a free fractional share worth up to £100. So if you want to check it out, head over to trading212.com/join/i, which will also be linked down below. So thank you trading212 for sponsoring the video. And now let's get back to it. Next up, we have the capture habit. Now, the habit here is from David Allen's book, Getting Things Done, which is basically whenever you think of anything you need to do, you just write it down somewhere. You capture it into some kind of to-do list, some kind of task management system. The one that I use is on my iPhone, and it's called Things 3. And I have the widget on my iPhone. So, if I ever need to capture anything at all, I just hit the plus icon and then boom, I can type out whatever I need to. Buy milk from 7-Eleven, save it, and then boom, it is done. That takes like 5 seconds to do. And it means I'm not relying on my brain to hold different tasks I need to do. It all just goes into the system. When you're not having to spend brain space like remembering what you were meant to do, it drastically improves your life. It like reduces your stress levels. It means you're not constantly worrying about like, you know, do I have something that I've forgotten that I kind of need to do. >> The only problem is I can't remember what I've forgotten. >> And therefore saves you a ton of time and additional stress every single week. Next up, this is a fun one. I found enormous value in using WhatsApp lists to organize my different friends and like business associates and family and contacts because my WhatsApp is an absolute cesspit of just like zillions and zillions and zillions of messages. And so this is what it looks like. I use emojis. So I have the heart emoji for family members. I've got two unreads there. I have a Hong Kong emoji for sort of my real life friends in Hong Kong. I've got the UK emoji for my friends in the UK. I've got this smiley money icon emoji for all of like my uh friends like my creator and entrepreneur friends who have who I want to priority reply to. I have this little sparkle emoji for people in my team because our business is called Sparkle Studios. And then the final one is LBA which stands for lifestyle business academy which is sort of my online business school. And so I'm part of a bunch of WhatsApp groups for that where we help people out with stuff. And so that's like the final one over there. Now, this is amazing because immediately I can see that like, okay, I just need to go through and just reply to 2, 3, 2, 4, and four messages or just like read those to make sure there's no action needed from me. But if you look at my WhatsApp, there's actually like 294 unreads. Now, of those, only about eight of them are things I actually want to reply to. The other 286 are messages I don't need to reply to. Now, before I had these lists, I would have this constant anxiety around like has something urgent come through the WhatsApp that I haven't seen, that I haven't replied to, etc., etc. But now that I've got lists for everyone who is important, it means I'm a lot less likely to feel stressed about this and also I'm less likely to miss important things. All right, the next habit is listening to things at speed multiples. This is something that I've gotten a lot of hate over the years on like Reddit and other places like that. Like I can't believe Ali Abdal listens to audiobooks at double speed. It's like bro, these days everyone watches YouTube videos at like speed multiples. Like Instagram and Tik Tok literally you can watch them at like speed multiples. You could even if you really wanted to watch TV shows and movies and anime at double speed if you really wanted to. But there is a lot of value especially when you're trying to absorb information and especially when that information is for exploration rather than exploitation like you're sort of just getting the feel for a new topic. Start with 1.5 and then you go 1.6 and then 1.7 and 1.9 and over time you can actually train your listening speed to be able to understand and retain stuff at two times speed 2.5 even 3 or 3.5x speed. And that saves you so much time especially if you have to or you want to do a lot of reading or listening for your job or your business or your life. It is gamechanging. Next up, we have the habit of double dipping. Wherever possible, I like to try and do sort of multimodality multitasking. Now, multitasking doesn't really work when you're trying to do two things in two of the same kind of thing at once. Like if you're trying to do some deep work and then you also reply to some Slack messages and then you also reply to some emails. All of those are sort of like the same kind of thing. But if it's multimodality multitasking, like for example, listening to an audiobook while you are driving to work or while you're commuting to work, that is how I saved loads and loads of time because I got a lot of my business knowledge from listening to podcasts and audiobooks at speed multiples while I was driving to and from work back when I had a real job. Whenever you can double dip and you can do kind of more than one thing at once with different modalities, that is a thing that ends up saving you a lot of time cuz you're just able to do more in less time. One specific example of double dipping that I love is walking Zoom calls, which saves a ton of time. So every day I'm trying to get 10,000 steps. On average it takes about 10 minutes per thousand steps for most people. So 10,000 steps requires you to walk for 100 minutes. Now most days I have at least 100 minutes worth of Zoom calls. And so wherever possible I will try and take those walking rather than being at my computer. This is gamechanging because then I'm getting sunlight and walking outside is nice and I'm feeling good and I'm more creative and also I'm able to get the steps in which saves me tons and tons of time in my week. On that note, another thing that really helps is just getting a walking treadmill standing desk. Again, when I'm doing non-filming days and I'm doing lots of meetings and stuff, I will set up a walking pad treadmill underneath my desk and I'll be getting in my steps while I'm doing work. And if you walk at like 3 km/h, 4 km/h, you can be getting in like thousands of steps every hour and you almost don't even notice it. This is something I do when I'm gaming on my computer as well. I'll often like just stand up on the standing desk and like, you know, be walking on the desk while playing Hogwarts Legacy or World of Warcraft or whatever the thing might be. Next up is using recurring calendar blocks for important events. So my wife and I have a date night once a week, every Sunday evening, and that is a recurring block in the calendar. She's on the calendar invite, I'm on the calendar invite. It repeats every single week. And this is amazing, and it saves so much time in previously where we're having to sort of coordinate with each other to get a date night. So recurring calendar events save you a bunch of time in like logistical coordination. For example, I have recurring calendar events for my gym sessions with my personal trainers, recurring calendar events for like lessons with my tennis coach, recurring calendar events for events with my team. You know, that's the thing that most people are most used to because you probably have like a team meeting at the same day and at the same time every week, but you can apply that same philosophy to your personal life as well, which saves a bunch of time that would otherwise be spent on coordination. Speaking of date nights, another thing I like to do, given that I'm in charge of organizing our date nights, is to batch my organizing for date nights. So there's a general productivity principle called batching where you sort of uh do similar tasks altogether so that you're not like context switching. And so if I'm booking a restaurant for a date night for like Sunday, then while I'm there, once I've done that, I might as well book a second one for next Sunday. And then I might as well book a third for the Sunday after that. And I might as well book a fourth for the Sunday after that. My wife freaking loves this because she likes the idea of like me having stuff planned rather than stuff just happening at the last minute. So then she's super happy and then I'm happy because I managed to make my wife happy in a very productive way by batching the booking of the date nights in one like session. Next up, I found it enormously helpful to schedule in stuff at 8:00 in the morning. So three times a week, I have a tennis lesson at 8:00 in the morning. Why is 8:00 in the morning an amazing time? Well, it's an amazing time because if you want to do something at 8, you kind of have to get up at like 7:30 or beforehand. And forcing yourself to get up at 7:30 or beforehand is great because it forces you to have an early night. What you don't want is like if you have a late night one time because you haven't followed habit number three and you've taken your phone into bed and you're watching random YouTube videos at 3:00 in the morning, you feel absolutely grim the next day and then you don't want to feel grim for the following days and so you then end up sleeping earlier. And in general, if you want to be more productive, if you want to get more stuff done, going to bed earlier and waking up earlier is an enormous hack compared to going to bed later and waking up later. Next up, we have the fun habit of hiring a cleaner. I have been doing this for absolutely years because I'm a strong believer that if there is stuff that you don't enjoy doing, and it is possible for you to outsource that thing for less money than your your own personal hourly rate is in terms of how much money you make with your job or with your business, then you should totally outsource that thing. And so, I've had a cleaner ever since I graduated university, which was like 7 years ago. And initially, that was a part-time cleaner who would come in like one like a few hours every 2 weeks. and me and my housemate would split the cost of that because she also hated cleaning and so that was just that was just easy enough. So that saved us a good amount of time. But now that we're here in Hong Kong where hiring like a full-time domestic helper is actually fairly affordable, we now have someone full-time who takes care of all the household chores. And that again just saves us an enormous amount of time every single week. And then to add further to the privilege check, um, one thing that is also helpful, which is why I put this at the end, is hiring an executive assistant. So there is a service that we use called Athena. You just go on their website and it takes less than a minute to fill out an application. Athena then suggests some executive assistants that match your profile. And so I have an executive assistant who handles my emails and my calendars and any ad hoc tasks that I need doing. Obviously, this is a thing. You need to have some money and probably be a business owner for this to make sense for you. But if you do have a business, if you are a business owner and you do not yet have an executive assistant or a personal assistant or a virtual assistant, I could not recommend it highly enough. And then the final bonus habit that I would love to talk to you about is actually finding a way to enjoy the things that you are doing. This is the core thesis of my book feel good productivity how to do more of what matters to you which is that when you find a way to enjoy whatever task or project you are working on it makes you more productive it makes you more creative. It makes you less stressed and it also gives you more energy to give to the other important areas of your life. And if you are interested in learning more about the science and the philosophy behind this, I have a video over here which is actually the first chapter of my book that is sort of like the introductory material. And we've taken the audio book and we've animated it with some sick animation. So you should totally check out that video right over there if you want to learn how feeling good is actually the ultimate secret to productivity. So thank you so much for watching and I will see you in that video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [22 likes]: Join the Six-Figure Lifestyle Business Masterclass on 4th May: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpmasterclass
  2. @GeoffBenge-d3k [4 likes]: I have followed  you for years, but lately I find myself asking if it is better to slow down and smell the roses. Listening to audio at 1.5 speed or whatever stresses me out. What's wrong with just being selective about what I listen to and listening to it as the speed it is read - the speed of human?
  3. @elirosael [2 likes]: First time commenting here, but I’ve been a fan of Ali for years 😅. I always thought I was a productivity wizard watching videos at 2x speed… until I tried watching your videos at 2x and my brain literally filed a complaint. 😂 So relieved to know I’m not the only one obsessed with productivity (a habit I’m trying to fix, lol)—but now realizing there’s a huge difference between being busy and actually being productive. 

After all the YouTube I’ve binged at 2x speed, only Ali’s videos deserve the original speed. My brain just can’t handle skipping a single gem, and in all honesty, only with his videos that my brain cannot digest anything, so sometimes I have to slow down and even rewind. HAHAHA
  4. @Helloworld-f3z [1 likes]: Ask yourself 'What is today's adventure?' (0:25)
Time-block your most important task (0:52)
Use a focus timer (1:12)
Keep your phone face down/hidden (1:27)
Use 'Do Not Disturb' mode (1:51)
Block distracting apps after 9:00 p.m. (2:21)
Keep your phone out of the bedroom (2:56)
Learn keyboard shortcuts (3:17)
Use keyboard navigation (like Alfred/Spotlight) instead of a mouse (3:39)
Use text expansion for frequent phrases (4:13)
Use voice-to-text for writing (4:48)
Capture all tasks immediately (6:32)
Use WhatsApp lists with emojis (7:21)
Listen to content at speed multiples (8:41)
Multimodality multitasking (double dipping) (9:33)
Take Zoom calls while walking (10:15)
Use a walking treadmill desk (10:47)
Use recurring calendar blocks (11:14)
Batch your personal coordination tasks (11:57)
Schedule commitments at 8:00 a.m. (12:37)
Hire a cleaner (13:21)
Hire an executive assistant (14:06)
Bonus Habit: Find a way to enjoy what you are working on (14:39)
  5. @MatthewCallaghan-nd6lv: I have never watched anything at speed multiples. Lol it’s so annoying.
  6. @PathsandPerspective: Nooooo its 22:34 here
  7. @maris8801: Not me watching this in bed at 1:27am
  8. @GeuvonstsueNdygokswyc: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  9. @ModestoNevin-l5u: Great job, this video was very useful!
  10. @anam6475: Can you teach please some appts to stay organized? I am new here and I would like to learn more about time management and priorities, how to be more efficient.
  11. @kleczarka: 2:41 This moment about 9pm I watched exactly at 9pm
  12. @florentdanklou2488: Thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks
  13. @AbUsoh-UX: Ali, I love to know the differences and the different Traget Users for Wisper Flow & the Voice pal
  14. @RunondioSunomso: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  15. @jaykishan4879: What calendar app are you using ?
  16. @firewolf7108: That all sounds great but... Do you ever live life in the moment at that point.
  17. @EndriBaku-l2t3r: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  18. @wendygrung2373: Imagine using the touch pad on the laptop instead of the mouse. That will be very unproductive for me.
  19. @KhyatiSampat-q5t: What about those whoes business work on phone only
  20. @dodger1x: Your first advice is terrible advice for people with ADHD. 
Do not «Eat the frog first» but rather «eat the candy before the frog». 
What are the easy, interesting, and fast tasks that you can finish fast to get dopamine and momentum?

- If you’re ambitious but lazy, watch this: Kind: captions Language: en [music] All right. So, this is what I like to call the productivity matrix where you've got essentially two [music] axes. You've got vision and you have action. Like vision is kind of like your ambition. Like how much do you know about what you [music] actually want in terms of like goal setting and like having big dreams and all that kind of stuff. And then action is unsurprisingly how much are you actually doing the work, right? So if you have someone who is low on vision and low on action, I call [music] those the drifters. Not the drifters, the drifters. They are just drifting through life. They don't really have much of a goal or much ambition. They're also not taking much action. They're just sort of drifting, drifting [music] in the water. That is obviously not where anyone really wants to be. Next up, you have the people who are high on vision. So they're quite ambitious. They have they have goals. Um but they're not taking action. And I [music] call those the dreamers. They spend a lot of time dreaming and not a lot of time doing. Then you have a cohort of people that's very good on taking action. They're good at grinding, but they don't really have much ambition. They don't really have a sense of where they want to go. I call those the hamsters [music] because they are on the hamster wheel of the grind, but without really going anywhere. And then the place where we all want to get to, of course, is the people over here who are the masters. They are the masters of productivity and getting things done. They do have a compelling vision that they're working towards. They've got ambition and they are also crucially taking action to get there. Now, this is a video that I would like to target at the dreamers. Those of you out there who you feel like you are ambitious, you have dreams, you have goals, but you might feel like you are lazy or undisiplined, like you're not actually taking the action to turn your dream into a reality. This is my hot take, my honest advice for someone who is in that situation. So, there is a three-step process that I would follow if I were in that situation where I am ambitious but lazy. I.e., I've got goals but I'm not really taking action. The first one is to clarify what you actually want. Now there are a lot of people who seem to have ambition but it's a very vague and undirected sense of ambition. It's like I want to be successful or even I want to be rich but they have not actually taken the time to sit down and define what does that actually mean? What does it mean to you to be successful? What does it mean for you to be rich? And crucially why do you want those things? Because essentially what this comes down to is [music] creating a compelling enough goal that pulls you towards it rather than that you have to feel as if you're pushing yourself up the mountain to get to it. [snorts] You've got like pull motivation and you've got push motivation. Pull motivation is like man I really really want that thing and so naturally I feel of course you know motivation es and flows but I feel some sense of drive some sense of pull towards that thing. push motivation is sort of like ah I should want the thing or I should want to want the thing or I really want to want the thing but like ah deep down I don't really care about the thing and so everything feels like a struggle everything feels like a grind. Now in terms of goal definition you've got the what which is like what is the thing that you actually want and can we be specific about it because if you know what you want it's a lot easier to get there whereas if you don't know what you want it's a lot harder to get there. When you say you want to be successful can we put some numbers on it? Can we put some parameters on it? What does success mean to you? Are you talking becoming managing partner at a local law firm? Is that your definition of success? Are you talking about having a lifestyle business that makes you a millionaire in profit? Is that your definition of success? Like what is the thing you actually want? Because changing the what drastically changes the actions that you're going to take to get there? And then also, and this is really important and underrated, we really want to be able to answer the question of why. Why do you care? Right? What are your reasons for wanting to care about this thing? Generally when I speak to people who are in the situation they actually don't know why they want the thing. They have this vague sense that they want to be successful or that they want to be rich but they've not sat down to really identify and write down ideally why does it matter to you. The more reasons you have for doing something the more likely you are to actually do it. And again here there is a thing that gets in our way which is the idea of should. Shoulds very rarely get you to where you want to go. The people who should themselves a lot are often the people that have dreams and goals but never actually take action or rarely take action to get there. Because when you have should motivation, you know, I I speak to people sometimes that are like, "Yeah, I really want to I really want to get a first class in my degree." I'm [music] like, "Okay, why?" I'm like, "Well, you know, my parents have worked so hard to get me into this university cuz I'm studying abroad and, you know, I feel like I owe it to them to like get a good grade." Okay. Like, but that's kind of a should. You don't actually want to do that thing. You don't actually care about it personally. you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself into wanting to care about it because you want to make your parents proud. And for some people that motivation that like, man, I really want to make my parents proud. That motivation is not actually a should. It's like, man, I I I have this deep intrinsic desire to make my parents proud. Therefore, of course, I'm going to do the thing. Those people are not the ones who are ambitious but lazy. They're the ones who are ambitious and actually doing the thing because the compelling nature of the motivation to make the parents proud or to make society proud or to tick the boxes or whatever the thing might be is so strong that it's it's pulling them towards the result. But in your case, if you're watching this video, I suspect should motivation is not that helpful for me. Should motivation has never been that helpful in my life. Whenever something is a should, I really should work out. I really should go to the gym. I really should care more about this exam result. I really should dot dot dot. That is when we get into that territory of like having a goal but not having the motivation or the drive to actually follow through on it. [music] So what we're really trying to get at is why. What the hell is the actual core want behind the thing that you think that you want? [music] Why? Why does it matter to you? And the other thing the other thing about this is that there's there's sort of two types of reasons. There's logical reasons and then there are emotional reasons. And emotional reasons beat logical reasons every day of the week. A lot of us can come up with logical reasons. I [music] really should get a first class degree because that will increase my chances of getting a job and that will increase my chances of being [music] secure and being happy or whatever. And that's like a train of logic. It's a train of logic that also doesn't actually work because you know you know the social contract of society is sort of broken these days where [music] you can get a totally good degree and get totally good grades at your good degree and still not have a job. So like what's that phrase when you sort of like uh dissonance? Yeah. where sort of one part of you is telling yourself that like this is logically coherent and another part's like no but it's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because AI and stuff but like even if it were true convincing yourself to want something through logic is unlikely to succeed. Whereas if you can convince yourself on an emotional level that you actually care about the thing if there is a if there's a compelling enough emotional drive behind the thing that is where motivation becomes a lot more sticky compared to just a chain of logic. Now, obviously, when it comes to things like starting your own business, you're going to want to know how to use AI tools because AI, as you know, is like changing the world, and we as entrepreneurs, we really don't want to get left behind. Now, there's all sorts of stuff in the world of AI. And every single week, there's like new models being released and new news coming out. And that's where it's actually really helpful to have a foundational grounding in how AI actually works, which is where the sponsor of this video, Brilliant, comes in. Brilliant is a fantastic online education platform that has interactive courses around maths and computer science. I've been using them since like 2019. It's absolutely amazing. I've learned about crypto from Brilliant. I've learned about AI from Brilliant. I've learned about the fundamentals of programming in Python and algorithms from Brilliant. And what's absolutely brilliant about Brilliant is that uh they really focus on problem solving rather than just like didactic learning. So yes, they're going to give you content and like to watch or read to help you understand the concept, but then they make you solve a problem that involves using that concept. And that just makes the learning environment way more fun, way more interactive. And there's also a bunch of evidence in the world of like education theory to support the idea that instead of just learning stuff when you are learning stuff and also doing stuff that makes you far more likely to retain the information and to actually understand what's going on. You can try Brilliant completely for free for 30 days by heading over to brilliant.org/aliadal or clicking the link in the video description or scanning the QR code that is hopefully currently on screen. And if you like it, then that link will also give you 20% off the annual premium subscription. So, thank you so much Brilliant for sponsoring this video. And let's get back to it. For example, for me, a major motivation back when I was uh a medical student and then working as a doctor, a major motivation for wanting my own lifestyle business and wanting financial freedom was because I saw every single day I saw doctors who were absolutely miserable in their career who were like 10 years older than me. And I could see it with my eyes and I could feel like they're their like sense of h just almost like not wanting to be there and they're having to drag themselves out of bed and like doing another night shift when they're in their 40s or 50s and they want they really just want to be home with their kids but they're doing a night shift at work. There were some doctors that freaking loved it. But I saw quite a lot of doctors that like seem to have that like uh like they've got this enormous weight on their shoulders and it's almost like I can't even put it into words because it was just a feeling, right? It was a feeling that was just really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] obvious when I was in that environment every single day. And so seeing that feeling and feeling that feeling of these other people that I respected and looked up to kind of hating their jobs made me realize, wait a minute, I really want to become financially free so that if I do medicine, if I continue doing medicine, it's because I want to rather than because I have to. A lot of these guys wished that they could leave medicine or at least go part-time, but they just did not have the money. And so I was like, great, I need to make the money. that was a strong emotionally compelling reason for me to actually do the thing. Whereas if I didn't have that reason then and I thought I probably should start a business someday. I probably should become financially free because like I don't know in the future maybe it'll help or like then it's just it's just a lot harder to get yourself to do something unless there is a strong emotionally compelling reason or reasons behind why you actually want the thing in the first place. So let's assume you have done step one and you have actually clarified the thing that you want. The next thing we want to do is we want to identify the blockers to the thing. Now, this is where it's like, okay, you know that you really want the thing. Like, you know, a lot of people I speak to really want to become financially free. And so, I was like, okay, cool. I really want to have a lifestyle business that makes me 500,000 a year in profit. Okay, great. That's fine. Those are the sorts of people we have in our lifestyle business academy, which is like my online business school. More details down below if you want to check it out. What else? You've clarified the goal and you've got a clear sense of like the reasons why you want the thing. The next thing we need to do is identify the blockers. Like, why aren't you already there? What is stopping you from having already achieved the thing? Now, this is where people often miss this step and they think, "Okay, I really want to start my own business. Therefore, [music] I'm going to discipline myself. I'm I I I just need more discipline." And discipline is fine in small doses. Discipline is fine for like once you have a goal and you have a plan, then yes, sometimes you're not going to feel like doing the thing. So, you push yourself a little bit. You use discipline to get yourself to get started. But generally, if you're enjoying the process, as I talk about in my book, a feel good productivity, if you're enjoying the process and working towards a goal you actually care about, then you stop needing to rely on discipline all the time. But before we get there, we need to identify why are we not already there? What are actually the blockers that are stopping you? Now, there are broadly three categories of blockers. There are blockers that are not in your control. There are blockers that are in your control. And there are blockers that are somewhat in your control. This is the sort of the the tricotomy of control. So, why do I not yet have that million-dollar lifestyle business that I' I've been dreaming of? Well, I don't have the right business idea. So, that's a blocker that's in under my control, right? It's under my control to come up with the right business idea. Of course, there's going to be stuff I have to do. I might not know how to come up with the right business idea, but the how is very solvable, right? These days, you just ask Chad GBT or Claude, hey, I'm working towards the goal of a million- dollar lifestyle business. Um, but I don't have any ideas. Can you help me come up with the idea? Right? Easy enough, right? This is this is under your control. Something that's not under your control is government policy. So, if you're like, "Man, the reason I don't have my $500,000 lifestyle business is because the government sucks and they're not doing the things that they're supposed to be doing." Okay, that may be true and it's also probably not under your control unless you happen to work in the government or some or your dad happens to be the prime minister and even then it's still probably not in your control. Then you have things that are somewhat under your control. So, for example, I don't know how I would find customers. Finding a customer for a business is actually uh it's it's a two-way it's a two-way street, right? In order for you to make money, someone else has to give it to you. And so it's not fully under your control that there will be people out there who want your thing. It's somewhat under your control. You can create content. You can do outreach. You can run ads. There's a lot of things you can do, but ultimately someone else has to give you money. And so that's sort of under their control. And so this would be finding customers. And this is just a very simple example, but you essentially identify like, okay, cool. I really do care about this goal. What are all the reasons I'm not there yet? And you'll identify reasons that are not under your control. And then you'll identify the reasons in these three different buckets. And my hot take on this is we want to start by looking at the reasons that are not under your control. So government policy is not under your control. The amount of money you earn in benefits is not under your control. The weather is not under your control. Um whether or not you have a physical disability is not under your control. There are lots of and lots of things that might stop you from achieving the goal that are not under your control. You can't do anything about them. Now in that world the question I would be asking is given all of these factors that I can't do anything about should I still have that goal? Is the goal reasonable? For example, I would say I might have the goal to play in the NBA in the National Basketball Association of America, but I'm 5' 6 or 5' 3 or 4'9. My height at that moment is not under my control. I cannot do anything about my height. So then I'm like, "All right, cool. What does that do to my chances of playing in the NBA?" Well, if I'm 4 foot n, I basically have zero chance of getting into the NBA. It's probably not going to happen, right? And so, I'm signing up for a very difficult life. If I'm trying to achieve a goal where there is a systemic factor that's not under my control that I cannot do anything about that will stop me from achieving that goal. Now, in that context, it's probably sensible to abandon the goal, right? Because generally, so if you imagine you have a goal, right? And then you have certain actions. [music] Now, when those when the actions you take are increasing uh the probability that you're going to achieve your goal, this is all in alignment and everything feels good. When you're playing a video game or something and you know that like every time you hit the boss, you're like making progression like you're you're chipping at the boss's health each time. You're getting better at learning the moves in the Elder Ring fight or whatever the thing might be. Like you [music] you can feel the progress that the actions you are taking are actually helping you get closer to the goal. then that feels very good and life [music] is good and actually ultimately whether or not you achieve the goal is somewhat irrelevant because you'll have enjoyed the journey because we as humans enjoy making progress toward stuff. But if there is a systemic blocker in place like for example your height [music] and now you're taking actions right but you're like coming up against the brick wall of the fact that you're just too damn short to play in the NBA. This will feel very very very demotivating [music] and generally people don't like that. So in that context I would say you know some people would say hey man just follow your dreams just manifest it hard enough you know Steph Curry is kind of short and like that proves that it's possible. I'm like okay but Steph Curry is also one out of a zillion and you're probably not Steph Curry right and he's also not that short. So like you know I would say in that context it's worth just like deleting the goal and doing something else instead because otherwise we're signing up for a lifetime of misery. So that's if there is truly a systemic obstacle that is not under your control that is truly stopping you from getting there [music] in which case we change the goal. But for the most part for the people that I speak to actually a lot of the factors that are blocking them from doing the thing are actually under their control. And so the trick here is you just ignore the ones that are not under your control. There's a phrase from Joo's book amazing amazing book discipline equals freedom which is ignore and [music] outperform. A blocker is I'm really worried about what people will think of me if I start posting content on LinkedIn. Is that under your control? Is what other people think of you under your control? Not really. Maybe somewhat, but really, but not really. So, in that context, you ignore and outperform. You just ignore the the fact that that obstacle is there and you work through it and you outperform it. Unless it's literally like a thing that's going to stop you from, you know, like being 4'9 and playing in the NBA, which is probably not that for your particular goal. You just ignore and outperform. You ignore the category of blockers that are not under your control. [music] This is difficult for people to do. It's so easy for people to just blame stuff that that is outside of their control, right? It's so easy for you to think that like, oh man, the reason I haven't started my first [music] business is because dot dot dot the economy or the environment or the weather or the government or insert whatever other thing you want to blame that's outside of your control. [music] It's too easy to do that. It's also not very helpful when you do that. Those are the people that end up having lots of goals and then never actually taking action because they are focusing on systemic blockers that are outside of their control. So, we basically just ignore those things. Great. Now we have blockers that are within our control. And then once we have identified those blockers, we just make a plan to get rid of the blockers. It's really not that hard. I'm like, okay, I don't have any business ideas. Okay. Have I tried asking Chan GPT? Probably not. I don't know how to find customers. Okay. Have I watched YouTube videos about it? Have I read Alexi's book 100 million leads, which is literally a book about how to find customers? Like, have I done the sensible things that would help remove this particular thing as a blocker? And this is one of the key the key things that you learn as an entrepreneur when you're building a business that there are always blockers, right? Like I want to grow our business to $10 million a year in revenue. There are certain blockers that are getting in our way as to why we're not already there. One of those blockers is that we didn't have an expensive enough product to sell. Another blocker is that we didn't have enough customers. But like all of these are solvable problems, right? They're not completely outside of my control. They're either fully in my control or somewhat within my control. [music] And as long as someone else has figured out the solution to that problem, that means a solution exists. And now it's just a job of me to be an investigator. This is like a a magnifying glass. I'm going to be an investigator and I'm going to find the answer to that particular problem. And generally I find the people that are the people that end up becoming the productivity masters are the ones who are able to take action to [music] basically identify and remove blockers. The best CEOs, the people in businesses who get paid insane amounts of money are very good at simply identifying and removing blockers. The people that become productivity masters, who are ambitious and also take action to achieve their goals. [music] The people I know who are financially free, who are living dream lives where they've got financial freedom, time freedom, creative freedom, a lot of their core skill set is in identifying and removing blockers. And what I find from the people that have lots of goals and don't take any action towards getting them, the people who are dreamers, the people who are ambitious but undisiplined, the people who are ambitious but lazy is that it's very easy to have a goal. It's very easy to have a vision. But the hard part is in identifying and removing blockers. And if you think of it as okay, what are the blockers and then how do I identify and remove them? I find that for me that is a really really helpful way of like tangibly [music] improving my chances of of achieving a particular goal. And then finally, step number three is [music] once you have identified the blocker and you have identified how to remove it, [music] it will usually require something called work to sit down and do. It takes work to sit down and come up with a business idea for your lifestyle business. It takes work to figure out how to find customers for your thing. It takes work to complete your PhD dissertation or whatever. Everything worth doing requires some work. And then we get into the thing of like, okay, but like what are all the blockers that are stopping you from doing the work? And there's lots of them, but the single biggest one for most people that I speak to and coach through this process is time. I'm just busy, man. I've got other things going on. I've got job, I've got kids, got family, got mortgage to pay, etc., etc. By the time I get home from work, I don't have any energy, etc., etc. There's all sorts of problems that come up, all sorts of blockers. Again, it's a case of identifying and removing blockers. But the key one that I found for most people is that, and the the simplest hack is literally just you you pick your goal, right? Let's say in this context it's like my side hustle business or my side hustle lifestyle business. That's sort of like your goal, right? And then the next thing that you do is you basically just block time in calendar every week. Not that hard. It's not that hard to stick a few time blocks in your calendar every single week for you to work on that particular goal. This is literally what we do for students in our lifestyle business academy. Every single week we have a form that they have to fill in and that form asks them how many hours do you intend to work on your business this week and they put a number and then the next question is great please block those hours in your calendar and send us a screenshot and then everyone's like a and we force them force like you know we strongly encourage them to block the timeout in their calendar and they send a screenshot to us because it's kind of like an accountability system as an accountability mechanism and by Jove like the amount of students we have that are like, man, ju just sticking the thing in my calendar has been absolutely game-changing. We've had people who in the first month have made thousands of dollars in sales. They they stuck the thing in their calendar and it's simple ass stuff that they could have done if even if they weren't in our program. But there's something about paying money to be part of an online business school and having a coach, having accountability who's literally just asking you to stick the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time block in your calendar every single week that makes people do the work. There are all sorts of other factors, right? energy levels and distraction levels and focus levels and like whether the kids knock knock on the door at a given time. But the most basic ass version of this is just making the time in the first place. One of my coaches, Eric, when back when I was working on my book, Feel Good Productivity, I had a goal of write the book and the action I needed to take was spend uh like I don't know 15 hours a week on writing writing the book. And in my CEO coaching sessions with Eric, he would literally ask me to bring up my calendar and show him where I was blocking the time out to work on my book. And when you do that, there's just no excuses, right? Because you create the container of time for the thing to happen. And then when the container of time comes around, whether whether or not I sit down to focus or get distracted or like block apps and stuff, all of that then again identifying and removing blockers. If I realize, man, I get distracted from my phone every time I sit down to write, I [music] just stick my phone in a different room or stick it on do not disturb or block the apps. Like those are solvable problems. But the first thing we have to do is make the time in the calendar to actually do the [music] thing. What I find with people who are ambitious but lazy, people who are ambitious but undisiplined, if you look at their calendar, you do not [music] see the time blocks that have been blocked out for the thing that they supposedly care about. One of my former team members and friends, Tintin, he cared about growing his YouTube channel. And so every Monday and Tuesday evening from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. after work, he blocked out to work on his YouTube channel. It didn't really matter what he was doing, whether he was filming or writing or editing, whatever the thing was, >> but there was six hours in his week that were blocked out every single week to work on the YouTube channel. And Tinton was able to work on his YouTube channel and now has a business where he's making a quarter of a million a year teaching people how to do YouTube. It was great. But if he hadn't had that time blocked, the Monday and Tuesday evening where it's like the calendar block reflected his priority, if he hadn't had that blocked, nothing would have happened and he would have still been, I don't know, working in his management consulting job or like maybe still been working for me. um but not having his own business. So Alli, why did you want to hire me? I didn't want to hire you. Uh bro, the time block method, shoving a block of time in your calendar every single week. Honestly, this is the thing that separates people who do the stuff from people that don't do the stuff. So, right now, if you're at this point in the video, have a look at your calendar. To what extent do you have blocks of time that are dedicated to pursuing the goal that you say you want? If not, it's easy enough. start blocking time in the calendar for it every week and you will find that you will make an insane amount of progress compared to when you're just trying to squeeze the time in whenever there's time because there's never any time. We we're all busy. None of us have time in our lives. The people that actually achieve the goals that they set set their mind to are the ones who carve out time, who protect the time in their calendar to work on those things [music] and to make them happen. And if you're interested in a video that goes deeper into how to find the time if you're very busy and if you have a lot going on, if you want to find the time for whatever you're doing, there's a video over here where I introduce you to my 168 hours spreadsheet. And that spreadsheet like will totally help you figure out where your time is going and also be able to carve out time for the stuff that matters to you. So, thank you for watching and I will see you in that video right over

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [20 likes]: Join my FREE quarterly goal-setting and reflection workshop on Saturday 4th April: https://go.aliabdaal.com/spring26ytp
Apply to join the Lifestyle Business Academy: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpambitious
  2. @usamaishfaq-m5z: Brother, this video could be life-changing for me if you could also add Urdu language to it.
  3. @ugonma: The advice in this video is simple yet amazingly good
  4. @PathsandPerspective: Insightful as always.  One thing I will say... Discipline is everything. Take running as an example. You’re motivated, you’ve decided to train for a marathon. It's cold and wet and 6am. Motivation fades, excuses creep in. Discipline is what carries you through those moments. It’s what keeps you consistent, and consistency is one of the most important ingredients in achieving any meaningful goal.
  5. @MasterYourPersonalWealth: This video is so addictive 😍 can’t stop watching
  6. @fatmag5552: I like to listen to you but you're talking so fast😢 you have to be merciful for people whose English is not their first language
  7. @ShaunSontaba: Ey man 👨 your videos i real helping bro
I got about 

I got about 3 paths/Life pillars 

Whats inside those pillars! 😭😭
  8. @y.n.1822: I'm Japanese.I bought your books.These interesting books were written by your.
  9. @rostam40: If youre ambitious but lazy, that is ADHD, get pills and watch your life change
  10. @estelle2359: I tried time blocking many times and came to the conclusion that it’s really not for me, sadly 😅 (I’m doing an ADHD diagnosis, it might be linked) 
I’m a behavioural scientist so I’m doing tiny experiments to nudge myself and find ways that work!
  11. @Muthu-e8o4p: I am a CMA (India) Intermediate student. I have no other jobs, so I have plenty of time to study. However, I am lazy. Every day I procrastinate and spend my time scrolling on my phone
  12. @naeemafzal208: Your videos is good but marker scach voice irritated
  13. @nikihardy7333: One of the hardest things for me is identifying what I want. I’m multi passionate and have too many goals so I spin or goal switch and don’t make progress. But I admit, I’m “shoulding” on myself quite a bit!
  14. @nikihardy7333: So good. Needed this but my fav bit? When you said “by Jove!”😂
  15. @teddienelson4890: FYI -- Muggsey Boges was a famous NBA player who was 5'3" tall.  But of course, I get your point.  LOVED this video.  If was very helpful.
  16. @AlexGreen-v2h: my blocker is my screen time ugh
  17. @zd1281: Thanks pal
  18. @tabatasennadagracalopes5180: Talk about energy. I can find time, but maaaaaaaan lack of energy is awful! I identify loosing energy with work butbecause of emotion social draining.
  19. @ac8074: This is all well and good... unless, you have ADHD Combination with an emphasis on Inattention. I often say "If it's not in my calendar it doesn't exist." However... I have tried the time block method NUMEROUS times... and I find that I simply ignored them, because I simply lacked the intrinsic activation to adhere to even the plan that I myself laid out. I'll have to see if you have vids that center around ADHD specifically... but I'll check later... HAHAHA!
  20. @nicholasvoyage5535: So happy to see you at your finest! This is a classic example of your most powerful videos that are most enjoyable impacting forcing one to shuffle their own thoughts in a most productive order. 💐🌞⭐️🏆🏆🏆

- The Ultimate Guide to Discipline: Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the channel. This is Discipline Equals Freedom, the ultimate guide to discipline by the one and only Jooko Willink, who is a former Navy Seal. And we are going to be talking about it in this episode of Book Club, the ongoing series, where for the last 5 years, I've been talking about some of my favorite books. And so in this video, I'm going to share the five or six quotes from the book that have most resonated with me and share my own thoughts of them in the hope that you will find them helpful as well. So firstly, we're going to talk about the way of discipline. And here is what Joo writes in the book. There must be discipline. Discipline, the root of all good qualities, the driver of daily execution, the core principle that overcomes laziness and lethargy and excuses. Discipline defeats the infinite excuses that say, "Not today, not now. I need a rest. I will do it tomorrow." What's the hack? How do you become stronger, smarter, faster, healthier? How do you become better? How do you achieve true freedom? There is only one way. The way of discipline, so good. Fantastic stuff. And then he talks a little bit about more stuff about discipline. And I really like this on page number seven. Where does discipline come from? Where does discipline come from? This is a simple answer. Discipline comes from within. Discipline is an internal force. Self-discipline comes when you decide to make a mark on the world. If you don't think you are disciplined, it is because you haven't decided to be disciplined yet. It is because you haven't created it yet. You haven't become it yet. So where does it come from? It comes from you. So make the decision. Make the commitment. Become the discipline. Embrace its cold and relentless power. And it will make you better and stronger and smarter and faster and healthier than anything else. And most important, it will make you free. People ask me, "How do I get tougher?" Be tougher. How can I wake up early in the morning? Wake up early. How can I work out consistently every day? Work out consistently every day. How can I stop eating sugar? Just stop eating sugar. You can even control your emotions. How can I stop missing that girl or guy or whoever broke up with me? Stop missing them. You have control over your mind. You just have to assert it. You have to decide that you are going to be in control, that you are going to do what you want to do. Now, I think this is quite a helpful way of viewing stuff. Like, I get the reason people want like prescriptions and like a more detailed how-to guide. For example, how can I wake up early in the morning? Like, what he's saying here is, well, just choose to wake up early, right? Like, it's not that hard. At the same time, there are like helpful tactics that you could follow if you wanted to around making sure you don't take your phone to bed with you and making sure you have an alarm set for first thing in the morning, but you have like an analog alarm clock. And for example, when you hear your alarm, you just you simply decide to wake up rather than snooze the alarm. You find an alarm clock that doesn't have a snooze button. Like there's a bunch of different tactics that you can do to increase the odds that when it hits 5:00 in the morning or 6:00 in the morning or whenever you want to wake up early, those environmental things that you put in place, those are sort of nudging you in the direction of not needing the discipline of just sort of doing the thing kind of by default. But at the same time, fundamentally, I think Joo has a point like how do you wake up early in the morning? You wake up early, right? Like there's something that's just quite nice and simple about that approach to things. We have a bunch of students in my lifestyle business academy which is like this online business school where we're helping people build businesses and you know they'll say things like ah how do I get over the fear of posting on LinkedIn? How do I get over the fear of selling? And there's all sorts of strategies we can give them. We can say that like hey look you just got to recognize that you know the the colleagues that you had 20 years ago they won't actually care. Like maybe they'll talk about you behind your back but that's okay. Like you know you're the one going after it. You're the one going for the freedom. like they're still going to be stuck in jobs that they hate, etc., etc. But fundamentally, what it comes down to, how do you get over the fear of posting on LinkedIn? You just post on LinkedIn, and then eventually the fear goes away. There is a tendency in this world of self-help, in the world of like intellectualization, people who are very smart and very good-looking like you, you probably have a tendency to overintellectualize the strategy and the plan and the tactics for every little thing that you find difficult. And while like, you know, this is just one way to approach life, discipline equals freedom. I think it just is really helpful to get this almost like counternarrative to stop like thinking about it. Stop trying to make some long elaborate plan. Just like freaking do the thing. It's not that hard. And I personally, for me, since I read this a few months ago, I found that to be a very, you know, a helpful guiding light when I find myself overintellectualizing the how of something where really it's just a case of how do I get to the gym more consistently? Well, I go to the gym more consistently. It's not that hard. Now, once you start taking action and maybe even making some extra income as a result, you're going to want a place to invest all of that money. And that is where the sponsor of this video comes in, Trading 212. Trading 212 is an online investing platform that lets you invest in stocks and ETFs. Both my wife and I have actually been using Trading 212 independently for years, long before they ever sponsored our channel. And what I really like about it is how straightforward it makes investing. The app is very nice to use. It's very userfriendly. There are no commissions. You can invest in fractional shares. And there's none of that unnecessary friction that puts people off getting started. They've also recently launched the Trading 212 card which gives you up to 10% cash back on your spending with no monthly fees, no hidden charges, and you get currency conversion at the interbank rate which is amazing if you travel a lot or if you buy things online in different currencies. The card integrates directly with your Trading 212 invest account. So any uninvested cash actually earns compound interest in up to 13 currencies while you're just getting on with your life. On top of that, they've got a wonderful pies and auto invest features which makes it really easy to build a diversified portfolio on autopilot. And as a little bonus, if you sign up using that link, you can actually get a free fractional share worth up to £100. So, if you want to check it out, head over to trading212.com/join/i, which will also be linked down below. So, thank you trading212 for sponsoring the video. And now, let's get back to it. Now, speaking of doing stuff consistently, what if you're just not feeling it? And that takes us to page 49 where I highlighted a lot of stuff. So, let's go. How do I handle those days when I'm just not feeling it? Those days when I'm tired or worn out or just sick of the grind. What do I do on those days? I go anyway. I get it done. Even if I'm just going through the motions, I go through the motions. Don't really want to work out, I work out. Don't really want to hammer on a project, I hammer on the project. Don't really want to get up and get out of bed, I get up and get out of bed. Now, these could be signals that you need some time off, and those signals might be right. But don't take today off. Wait until tomorrow. Don't give in to the immediate gratification that is whispering in your ear. Shut that down. Do not listen. Instead, go through the motions. Lift the weights. Sprint the hill. Work on the project. Get out of bed. I don't like procrastination, but if you feel like you need a break, that is one thing you should procrastinate. Taking a break is the one thing I put off until tomorrow. And if when tomorrow comes, you still feel like you need a rest or you need a break, then go ahead, take it. Chances are you won't. You won't need that rest. Chances are you will realize that the desire to rest was just weakness. It was the desire to take the path of least resistance, the downhill path, the downward path. And by going through the motions, you overcame that weakness. And you stayed on the righteous path, the disciplined path. You stayed on the war path, right where you know you belong. I think this is really good. There's like two things that I personally really take away from this. The first one is the idea of just going through the motions. There are plenty of days where I don't feel like sitting down and working on my business, but I go through the motions. I get started. I like get my desk in order. I get my cup of coffee. I do the thing. I figure out what I'm going to work on, and I start working on it. And usually in the process of going through the motions, I start to feel like doing the thing. It's very hard to feel like it all the time at the start of the process. This is something I talk about a lot about in my own book, Feel Good Productivity, which is that like mostly we can enjoy the process of doing our work or doing the thing like once we've gotten started, but before getting started, there is this hump. The hump of procrastination, the hump where it's like the thing is difficult and you don't want to do it. And even if you know it might be fun further down the line, like there's just that hump. And so what I like about this is the the idea of going through the motions. There are plenty of days where I don't feel like filming a YouTube video. But I go through the motions. I set up the camera. I set up the light. I hit record. I like whatever the thing might be. I hit record. I start talking. And usually about 10 15 minutes into the recording, I've now started to feel like making that video. But if I waited until I felt like it every single time, I'd have made maybe four videos on this channel rather than like 400 videos on the channel or like a thousand plus videos on the channel that we've done over the last 8 years. and staying consistent with this YouTube channel has been one of the best things I've ever done in my life and has literally unlocked a life of financial freedom, time freedom, and creative freedom where I can literally do whatever I want. And that would not have happened if I hadn't been consistent with the thing, even on the days where I didn't feel like doing the thing. So, I love this idea of just go through the motions. The other thing I really like is this idea of yes, there are times where you need a break, but you can probably wait until tomorrow. I think that is like really, really, really good because this thing around, hey, I might be burned out. I might need a break is a very easy narrative to go with because it's like healthy, right? People talk about the power of rest and the importance of like, you know, not burning out. But the problem with the hey, I need a rest cuz I might burn out. Is that it's very very easy for that to just become an easy button to press every time you don't feel like doing the work. Every time you're just you just need a little push to get over that hump of procrastination, but you tell yourself, "Oh, I'm I I need to rest because I'm burned out." What I love about this is that he's saying that's okay. He's not saying don't ever take a rest. He's saying wait until tomorrow. You can procrastinate the rest until tomorrow. You're not going to become crippled with burnout by working on doing the thing for just one more day. So do it for just one more day. Now in my case when I've applied this particular advice, maybe half of the time I the second day I've also felt like I want to take a rest and then I'm like all right cool that's fine. I'm going to take a rest on the second day because like you know feeling like you need a rest for two days in a row that to me is like an kind of an honest signal that I probably do need a rest. But the other half of the time I have felt like really tired and really burned out on like a particular day. And then if I go through the motions of doing the work anyway, like going to the gym, going on the run, filming the video, doing working on the business, having that meeting that I really don't want to have, but like whatever. If I go through the motions of that, the other half of the time, especially if I've had a good night's sleep, the next day I feel totally fine. I'm like, "Oh, this is great." Like, it wasn't actually that I needed a rest for that one day. It was just that it was my mind being like, "Oh, you know, I don't feel like it right now, so probably we need a rest because burnout." And you can't argue with the whole burnout thing, right? cuz like it's it's just a it's too easy to go down the I need a rest. I might be burned out kind of route. I love the idea of procrastinating the rest until tomorrow. All right, now we come to a beautiful part. Ah, this is a chapter titled good. And so here goes. How do I deal with setbacks, failures, delays, defeats or other disasters? I actually have a fairly simple way of dealing with these situations summed up in one word, good. This is something that one of my direct subordinates, one of the guys who worked for me, a guy who became one of my best friends, pointed out. He would pull me aside with some major problem or some issue that was going on and he'd say, "Boss, we've got this thing, the situation, and it's going terribly wrong." I would look at him and I'd say, "Good." So, I explained to him that when things are going bad, there is going to be some good that will come out of it. Oh, the mission got cancelceled. Good. We can focus on another one. Didn't get the new high-speed gear we wanted? Good. We can keep it simple. Didn't get promoted. Good. More time to get better. Didn't get funded. Good. We own more of the company. Didn't get the job you wanted. Good. Go out, gain more experience, and build a better resume. Got injured? Good. Needed a break from training. got tapped out. Good. It's better to tap out in training than to tap out on the street. Unexpected problems. Good. We have the opportunity to figure out a solution. That's it. When things are going bad, don't get all bummed out. Don't get startled. Don't get frustrated. No. Just look at the issue and say, "Good." Now, I don't mean to say something tright. I'm not trying to sound like Mr. Smiley Positive Guy. That guy ignores the hard truth. That guy thinks a positive attitude will solve problems. It won't. But neither will dwelling on the problem. No. Accept reality, but focus on the solution. Take that issue. Take that setback. Take that problem and turn it into something good. Go forward. And if you're part of a team, that attitude will spread throughout. Finally, if you can say the word good, then guess what? It means you're still alive. It means you're still breathing. And if you're still breathing, that means you've still got some fight left in you. So get up, dust off, reload, recalibrate, re-engage, and go out on the attack. This is something that my father-in-law actually does. My wife's dad. Um anytime like my wife goes to him with a problem, his first response will be good. and he's been doing this for like years. Um, since before like Joo kind of went on the scene, even like when when my wife Izzy was a kid, she would go to her dad with like, I don't know, a bruised elbow or whatever. And she tells me that his first response would be good. And she would be annoyed about this initially, but over time she realized that, okay, you know, this is like it's it's almost like a reframe. It's like there is always good to be found in literally any situation that you come up against. Now, there is actually a story that is relevant here and that, you know, it's it's something you might have come across. It's the It's the parable of the Chinese farmer. And I actually made an Instagram real about this. So, we're going to play it here because it was quite a fancy animation. So, let's go. Once upon a time, there was a Chinese farmer whose horse ran away. That evening, all of the local villagers came to console him. They said, "We're so sorry to hear that your horse has run away. That is terrible." But the farmer just said, "Maybe." Then on the second day, the horse came back, bringing seven more wild horses with it. And in the back and said, "Wow, what a change of fortune. Aren't you lucky? Now you have eight horses." But the farmer again just said maybe. Then on the third day, his son tried to train one of the new horses and while riding it, he fell off and broke his leg. The local villagers came back and said, "Oh dear, that's too bad. Your son has broken his leg." And again, the farmer just said, "Maybe." But on the fourth day, some army officers came to conscript people into the army. And they didn't take the farmer's son because he had a broken leg. Again, all the local people came around and they said, "Isn't that amazing?" And again, the farmer just said, "Maybe." The Chinese farmer reminds us that it's impossible to tell the true meaning of what we think is good or bad luck. And instead we should just try to embrace uncertainty, not get too attached to what happens to us in life and just try our best to enjoy the journey. Essentially, if you can train yourself every time you experience any kind of failure or any kind of setback, if you can actually train yourself to immediately see the good in the situation, that particular neural pathway will just become more and more solidified over time. This is the idea of Heb's law. It's like a neuroscience thing that you know when when particular neurons in the brain fire together, uh they also end up wiring together. So neurons that fire together, wire together. It's sort of like you probably know someone who's just like really really negative, right? In your life, they can find the negative in every situation. Now, a big part of that is because the more negative your thoughts are, the easier it becomes to have negative thoughts. It's sort of like you've got a field of grass, right? And you take one path through the field of grass and then you take that same path again and then over time that path becomes more and more like trodden and it turns into a path which become which means it becomes easier to continue taking that path and then the path continues to be formed and you so you get this virtuous or vicious cycle where the thoughts that you keep on having are the thoughts that becomes easier to keep on having. So if you're the sort of person where when you deal with a setback, when something goes wrong, you it ends up like throwing you off your game for like a few days because I don't know the fear, the anxiety, the emotion, the depression, the sadness, whatever the thing might be, then that is a pattern that repeated over time will just make it easier and easier for you for that situation to continue happening. Whereas if you do the Jo thing of like something bad happens and your immediate response is good and you're then scrambling to find the good in the situation, you know, every cloud has a silver lining and all that crap, that's actually not crap. That's actually some pretty good stuff, which is very helpful because if you can find the silver lining, if you can find the good in the situation, your brain becomes attuned to finding the good in negative situations, which means you're just less likely to be thrown off when bad things happen in life, which they often do. And then finally, and I think this is my favorite part of the book, it's just a really, really cool story um that I hadn't actually heard before reading this. The chapter is titled I Feel Fine. During SEAL training, there is a lot of scuba diving. Scuba diving has inherent dangers. Scuba diving at night with equipment over long distances in and around harbors, ships, and other man-made obstacles only increases those dangers. In the event of an emergency, we are trained to follow procedures to proceed to the surface of the water in a certain way, to inflate our life jackets in a certain way, to signal for help in a certain way. And when you come to the surface after having some kind of diving related emergency, a medic or diving medical officer will ask you how you are feeling. Only one response is acceptable. I feel fine. The roots of this statement come from the fact that a diver on the surface may have suffered from a diving emergency, which means they might have suffered some level of neurological damage. A quick way to check for immediate signs of this are seeing if they remember to give the proper response and seeing if they have the physiological agility and fine motor control to properly inunciate the Fs, which take more effort than many other letters. So, it really didn't matter how you actually felt. You could be freezing cold, exhausted, dehydrated, confused, and mentally broken. But there was still only one answer to the question, "How do you feel?" And that response was, "I feel fine." I don't know when this procedure started in the SEAL teams, but I do know it was in place long before I arrived. I also know this, the answer, "I feel fine," eventually morphed into a response for any time you got asked how you were feeling, regardless of how you actually felt. Tired, worn down, starving, blisters, chaffed, hungry, none of that matters. The response would still be, "I feel fine." And you know what? When you said those words, you started to believe them. And when other people, people in the same state as you would hear you speak those words, they would think, "Well, I know what he's been through, but he still has a good attitude. I guess I can, too." So, don't let yourself get down. Don't admit it to yourself. Don't admit it to your friends. Instead, tell them and yourself. The only proper response, I feel fine. Obviously, there's a little bit of nuance here. If a friend is asking you how you're feeling and you're feeling down in the dumps and depressed and like you probably don't want to just be like, I feel fine and like, you know, battle through and all that kind of stuff. It is good to talk about your feelings with your friends, etc., etc. And also at the same time, I freaking love the story because I think it's really really cool. There are so many situations, I don't know about you, but in my life, there are so many situations where getting to the point of like I don't feel like doing the thing that I know is good for me. I don't feel like going to the gym. I don't feel like working on the business. I don't feel like going for a run. I don't feel like stretching. And in those situations, if my wife asks me, you know, how are you feeling or whatever, you know, it's it's almost too easy to just lean into the oh yeah, feeling a bit like I'm feeling a bit like tired today. Yeah. I don't really want to go for a run. Yeah, I I don't really feel like going to the gym. And you know, sometimes she'll see that like I just need a push and be like, "Hey, you know, I know you're tired, but like I know you're going to feel better after you go to the gym, etc., etc." This is where there's like a little bit of nuance here, right? Because I think about 50% of the time if I were to respond with, "I feel fine." It would actually change my own internal state because now I'm saying to this person who I love that I feel fine. And so then to Joo's P point, when you say those words, you start to believe them, right? So cuz the feelings are so fickle, right? Like this is one of the big big things I've taken away from this book and also from doing a bunch of research around like emotions and feelings and Like feelings are so fickle. Feelings are just like waves on the surface of the water or waves of waves on the surface of the lake or like the clouds going by. Sometimes the feelings are like, you know, I don't feel like doing the thing. Sometimes the feel of feelings are like I do feel like doing the thing. And there is a danger when we overread into the feelings. There is a danger when we say, "Hey, it's raining today. Therefore, I must be tired and I must be burned out and I must be on the verge of depression and I should probably just play video games for 10 hours." There's a danger to that because sometimes the clouds are rainy just randomly. Like the feelings can be random. And this is where I don't know like I really like this book. I find it very inspiring and very motivational. And also at the same time, it's a tool that is useful in certain situations. If your response to every single feeling is, I feel fine, you end up in a place where you're like ignoring your feelings. But if your response to every single feeling is to overread into the feelings and to use those as a sign as to why you're burned out or why you need rest or why you shouldn't be doing the thing that you want to do because it should feel it shouldn't feel like a struggle, then you're also going to end up in a dodgy place where you're never doing anything hard. Cuz when you're doing hard or uncomfortable things, it will feel bad. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, right? So like this is why I mean with anything when I read these books, when I listen to the podcasts and stuff, my guiding philosophy for this stuff is always what is going to be useful given the goals that I have and given that my ultimate goal is to live like a peaceful, happy, fulfilled life. And I think this idea of I feel fine for me at least and for a lot of people that I know is actually helpful. Now, if you are someone who is already too like in the the your pendulum is swung already so far in the direction of like you don't know your own feelings, you don't know your own emotions, you have no you're not in touch with your body, you're like constantly just like denying to yourself how you really feel, then for you this advice of like in any situation just say I feel fine is probably not helpful because you're already too far in that direction. But for me, I think I'm kind of a little bit I I don't think I'm quite far in that direction. And certainly if I think of most of the students that we have in our like lifestyle business academy who are you know have like professionals with jobs trying to build businesses mostly they feel the pain they feel the discomfort they feel the struggle of trying to put themselves out there and start to grow their business. And most of them could benefit from this story of like I feel fine they could benefit from ignoring their feelings a little bit more and just following the plan and doing the work. But that's not to say that everyone benefits from ignoring their feelings and following the plan. That's where kind of the nuance lies. And that's where I'm hoping if you're at this point in the video, you've got sufficient intelligence to know if you're reading a book. It's like this is not like the freaking Bible or the Quran or like the word of God or anything. It's it's just a book from a dude who's like sharing his own perspective on life. And you want to use that perspective in so far as it is useful for you. So I really like this thing of I feel fine. I know that for me ignoring my feelings more often and just following the plan will take me more in the direction of where I want to go in life, but not fully, not like 100%, right? So like yeah, there's a little bit of nuance here. Now this book is very inspirational. is very motivational, ironically. Um, and I really like it. But if you are looking for some evidence-based tips on how to improve your discipline, there is a video over here that I did a few months ago, uh, which is all about like, you know, if you look at the psy like the scientific literature around what are the tactics that improve your discipline and allow you to do hard things even even when you don't feel like it, there's like a handful of things that actually work. So, you can check that out over here. Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you hopefully in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [10 likes]: Join my FREE quarterly goal-setting and reflection workshop on Saturday 4th April: https://go.aliabdaal.com/spring26ytp
  2. @nayannath9481 [4 likes]: The most beautiful line from this video is
1. Discipline comes from within. It is an internal force.
2. When you do not feel better, go through the motions.
3. Do not take today off until tomorrow. Need a break? Wait until tomorrow.
4. Always try to find the positive or good things in negative situations.
5. I feel fine.
  3. @TheMonkProtocolOfficial [2 likes]: Motivation is a feeling. Discipline is a command. Most people wait for the feeling, that’s why they fail. The only way out is through the pain.
  4. @dostonbekizatillayev4035 [1 likes]: your motions are like girls, be a man Ali. the people who see you must feel that that's a man who every man should be
  5. @happyheartslee [1 likes]: some of the things that the book guy mention sounds annoying - like a talking to a lousy entitled gym bro. but at the same time i believe that simplicity of things can be applied to certain areas. just need to give it a bit of thought.
  6. @pharmclare: Great insights
  7. @mukundan101: 6:30 Just start, go through the motions, then you will start liking it. 
Consistency>>Quality>Quantity 

Good - Optimistic and Make the best of the situation/. What would the best version of yourself do?
  8. @jhonnyyamaniha6033: The Good part is so Good
  9. @atrumgeost: Thanks for continuing with the book club series! It’s useful to gather different perspectives, and also inspiring.
  10. @llcspy97: Nike old tagline - Just do it!
  11. @vegahw: I hate the word discipline... I will not force myself through misery. I'd say protect what is important to you, be consistent, keep promises you make to yourself.
  12. @Divyaaaa1: Wow great explanation thank you
  13. @NeedleVFX: Start in difficulty and make it feel good along the way. What a masterpiece would these highlights + Feel Good Productivity be. Thanks Ali ❤
  14. @sajjadhaider75: What is your setup? the microphone. How can some one become productive using ann old say 10 yearsold Mac book or iphone.
Note taking and a calendar system that incorporates all for less than 20 pounds per month.
Can you do a 100 pound, 200 pound or 500 pound setup for doing a audio podcast, as some people could be ugly, but want their voice or opinions to float in the world. Thanks.
  15. @bluerosevent: First video of Ali I personally dislike : )
  16. @ahmedshakkhor8329: 00:23 : Where does discipline come from? - Discipline comes within, it is an internal force.
01:33 : The mind control ->  How can I do this? - Just do it.
05:24 : Not feeling it - > If you are not feeling it, procrastinate your rest for 1 day. Often time your will to take rest will go away.
09:52 : The first response to everything that goes against you can be "Good". Good, I'm gonna learn something now.
14:48 : No matter what happens, just say, "I Feel Fine."

Choose carefully what applies to your life.
  17. @goodlifewithjin3102: This is one of the best video I watched from Ali 💯
  18. @Woona32: 6:45
  19. @beelzebub3752: Damn bro nobody watches your videos anymore
  20. @leab.2916: Yikes.

- How to Get Rich on Easy Mode: Kind: captions Language: en If you look at the game of capitalism, the game of trying to get rich, there are essentially two ways to play it. There's hard mode and there is easy mode. Hard mode is what society romanticizes, like you know, the struggling artist or the passionate entrepreneur selling handmade candles at the local farmers market or the guy lovingly crafting tote bags and hoping someone on Etsy is going to buy them. We love these stories. They're authentic and they're also a terrible, terrible strategy for actually getting rich. Trying to get rich on hard mode is like trying to convince a stranger to take their hard-earned post tax salary and spend it on something that they probably don't need. You are fighting against their rent and their student loans and their crippling financial anxiety. And so every dollar they give you is a dollar that they are literally taking away from their future. Now getting rich on easy mode is different and almost no one talks about it because it sounds way less romantic. You get rich on easy mode when you follow one simple rule. Help other people make money. That is it. Help other people make money. That is the entire thesis of this video. So, here is how this video is going to work. In part one, I'm going to try and convince you that this is actually true, that the way to get rich on easy mode is to help other people make money. And then in part two, assuming you buy the thesis, I'm going to share the four principles that you can apply to actually get rich on easy mode. And those will apply whether you have a job or a side hustle or you are thinking of starting a business. So, the uncomfortable truth behind how the economy works is that the economy is functionally a giant pyramid scheme. The value gets generated at the bottom of the pyramid and it's captured at the top. So money tends to flow upwards through society. Now if you for example think of starting a business, the place where you're probably going to start is by selling to consumers, i.e. people at the bottom of the pyramid. But this is actually where the money is tightest. This is where people are drowning in debt and people are living paycheck to paycheck. And so trying to build any kind of business or even any kind of career serving consumers, people at the bottom of the pyramid is unlikely to get you rich on easy mode. Like if you take Amazon as an example, you and me will think of Amazon as that place, online shopping place where we go to get our groceries and toothbrushes and books and stuff. But actually for most of its existence, Amazon barely broke even on selling very cheap things to normal people like you and me to consumers. The way Amazon makes most of its profits is through a thing called Amazon Web Services where they basically sell like web and cloud infrastructure to other businesses like Netflix and Disney Plus i.e. it creates the infrastructure for them to make money. And there is an enormous list of businesses that are essentially powered by Amazon Web Services, which is where Amazon makes makes a majority of its profit from. Similarly, if you look at the Fortune 100, like the top 100 companies in the US, like 70% of them, you can basically summarize what they do as we help businesses make more money. If you take the example of something like Google or something like Meta, which is, you know, the company behind Instagram and Facebook, again, you and I think of Google as a search engine or like Gmail, and we think of Facebook and Instagram as social media platforms, but the way they make money is through advertising. And the reason they make money through advertising is because Google and Meta help other businesses make money. We pay $20,000 a month to Meta to run Instagram ads to sell my courses. The only reason we do that is because those ads generate customers, which makes us more than the $20,000 we spend each month. I have friends who give Meta and Google upwards of a million dollars a month in order to run ads on those platforms. And there are way bigger companies that are spending literally hundreds of millions of dollars every year on Google and Facebook advertising because it helps make them more money. Let's take banks for example. You've got like JP Morgan, you've got Goldman Sachs. The way these banks make money is not because you and me are putting our $1,000 or $10,000 into the bank into like a savings account or whatever. The way they make money is by facilitating transactions for other businesses that help those other businesses make money. And so the point of all these examples and the point of this video is to basically just explain that if you want to get rich on easy mode, you build something or you do something that helps other people make money. If you're trying to get rich doing anything else, anything other than helping someone make money or maybe even save money, anything other than that, you are playing getting rich on hard mode. There is nothing wrong with that, but I just want you to be aware of that. Okay. So, this idea that like basically easy mode equals help other people make money and hard mode equals basically everything else. This idea directly leads to a handful of principles that I want to talk through in this video. Principle number one is that if you want to get rich on easy mode, you need to tie your work directly to revenue. Now, let's say you have a job, i.e. you are working for someone else rather than working for yourself. Most people actually have no idea how their job makes money for the business. And most people will think of their jobs as like completing tasks or filling in forms or attending meetings or sending emails or looking busy depending on who you speak to and what corporation they work for. But that is not what you are being paid for. The only reason your employer is paying you money is because somewhere in the chain of logic you are helping them make more money than they are costing. So if you want to get rich on easy mode and you have a job, the first step to do is to do a revenue audit. You want to ask yourself, how does my job help my employer make more money? And crucially, can I put a number on it? So, for example, if you're in customer support, you might initially think that your job is answering emails or like replying to support tickets, but it's actually not that. Your job and the reason why they hire you is because by virtue of you answering emails and support tickets, what you're doing is you are preventing customer churn. You are keeping customers from canceling their subscriptions to whatever the thing is. And this is something called revenue retention, which is a very measurable thing and which the CFO of your business really cares about. Similarly, the people who are making the most money in customer success are the ones who are able to upsell the customers, i.e. to generate more revenue from existing customers. If you can do that and if you can demonstrate you can do that, you're far more likely to get rich. Now, if you think about it in the context of jobs, like what are the highest paying jobs? Generally, if you have a job in sales, that tends to be a very highpaying job. In fact, the salespeople in a company are often paid more than the CEO is because the salespeople can directly tie whatever they are doing to revenue. As a salesperson, you can say, "Hey, I brought in $200,000 of revenue this month. therefore, you know, I should get my $20,000 commission or whatever the thing might be. And because you can tie it to revenue, it's got a very clear return on investment for the business, it's a lot easier for you to get that raise or get that promotion or get that commission because it's just really obvious how you are adding value. The way that most people ask for raises is, you know, you know, thinking that like, oh, I worked really hard and therefore I should get a raise or like inflation is up 3% and therefore I should get a raise. And all of these things are working against the current of capitalism. If you can say, hey, I have so far generated X amount of value to the business and I'm going to continue generating X amount more. Therefore, I should be able to capture a slice of that value, that is a much easier decision for an employer to make. Okay, so at this point, you might hopefully be thinking that you too would like to go allin on your dreams. And maybe one of those dreams is starting a business, which is where the sponsor of this video, Stan, comes in. Now, if you haven't heard of them, Stan is basically the dream toolkit for creators and solarreneurs. It gives you a super easy to set up digital storefront where you can sell courses and digital products and memberships and coaching calls and pretty much anything else you could want to sell online. We absolutely love Stan and we have been recommending it wholeheartedly to the students of our lifestyle business academy which is sort of like our online business school that helps people start lifestyle businesses. And in that context, like especially if you're someone who doesn't have a lot of time on your hands, especially if you're someone you who doesn't know how to code and doesn't want to spend all of the time and the faf of building your own custom website to be able to sell stuff online, using a service like Stan, who we have found for our students, is like by far the simplest and quickest and easiest way to get up and running selling stuff on the internet. And they are currently actually running a very cool campaign called Dare to Dream, where they're giving one winner $100,000 to quit their job and start their business. So, if you're watching this before the 31st of January 2026, that campaign is still open and you can totally enter to win. So, if you would like to join and take the first steps on your journey towards becoming an entrepreneur and maybe even reaching financial freedom, head over to daretodream.stan.store or check out the link in the video description. So, big thank you to Stan for sponsoring the video and let's get back to it. If you think of the other fields that are like really highly paid, finance. Why is finance so highly paid? It's because basically everyone working in finance is somewhat directly helping other people make money, which is why working in finance tends to get you rich. But even within finance, like there are certain roles that get paid way more than others. So for example, if you're an algorithmic quantitative trader or something like that and you're literally writing the algorithms that are making the firm more money, you can make a lot of money because you're very very close to the revenue. If you're an investment banker and you're front of office, i.e. you're like interfacing with clients and like developing a relationship with clients, those clients are really really rich people like ultra high net worth individuals or like pension funds or like banks or whatever. And so they are literally giving your firm money as a result of the connection that you have with a client. Therefore, you as the investment banker there are incredibly valuable because you are managing that relationship with a client so that your firm can make more money. But if you are working in HR within the context of a finance job, you're probably less likely to get rich because what you are doing is less directly tied to revenue. Of course, if you're asking for a raise, you're going to make a case for how it is directly tied to revenue. But if you're working in HR, if you're working in admin, if you're working in customer support, those roles are just sort of generally less well paid compared to the roles that directly touch revenue. Why do people in tech make so much money? The reason people in tech make so much money is because tech companies make a ton of money. And the reason tech companies in general make a ton of money is because in general they help other people make money. But there are tons and tons and tons and tons of tech companies that you have never heard of that are making millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions, or even billions of dollars every single year by offering B2B businessto business services that help other businesses make more money. You as an individual probably have never used Salesforce, but Salesforce is an absolutely enormous company that helps other businesses make money. As consumers, we tend not to know what are all the companies out there that are offering B2B make money type services, but that actually makes up the majority of the economy in most like developed countries. The other example here is that, you know, why do law firm partners make so much money? Why do partners in management consulting firms make so much money? It's not because they're particularly good lawyers or particularly good management consultants. They are not being paid insane amounts of money because they are good at the at the task of law or at the task of management consulting. They're being paid insane amounts of money because they are bringing in new clients into the business. I.e. they are helping their firm make more money. Like if you want to make partner in a law firm, you generally have to come with a book of business. Like you know, you've been doing networking and playing golf with people over the decades. So now you have this enormous list of people who are also, you know, high up executives at different companies. And the idea is you're going to try and bring them as clients into your law firm. This is why law firms and consulting firms don't like it when a partner leaves because generally when a partner leaves, you know, they're not supposed to, but often they'll take their personal relationships with them, which can directly result in the firm losing money, which is why they're willing to pay insane amounts of money, millions of dollars a year, including like profit share and equity and the whole shebang just to retain people who come with existing books of business. So even in that world where you're a lawyer or a bank or a management consultant, when you make partner or when you're on route to making partner, it is actually your ability to help your business make more money that causes you to get rich, not your ability to do the work that you are trained for. It's literally your ability to be a salesperson and to bring money into the business. Oh, and quick thing. If you're trying to figure out a way of tying whatever you're doing for your job or your career or your business to revenue, me and my team have actually trained a custom GPT based on this video that will help you do this completely for free. And there'll be a link down below in the video description if you want to check it Now at this point you might be thinking but like what about the doctors? What about the teachers? What about the social workers? Their work isn't directly tied to revenue. So what's up with that? And in that case you would be absolutely right. And that is why most doctors and teachers and social workers find it very difficult to get rich. I don't like this any more than you do. I think this is a bad system. But unfortunately it is the capitalist system that we live in that your value to the market is not necessarily the same as your value to society. Teachers and social workers and doctors obviously add a lot of value to society but because they don't directly help someone else get rich they are unlikely to make a lot of money and in fact if you look at the doctors that do get rich it tends to be doctors in the US which is a private healthcare system uh it tends to be the doctors who are the business owners so the ones who own the clinics or who own the hospitals rather than the ones who work in the hospitals i.e. they are helping the business make more money through insurance and billing and stuff or they have a very very specialized skill set that customers in the American healthcare system are willing to pay a lot of money for. For example, if you're a really amazing neurosurgeon, the reason you get paid a lot of money is not because you add loads of value to society as a neurosurgeon. It's because you add a lot of money to the hospital's topline and bottom line as a result of them being able to bill out your services as a neurosurgeon. Unfortunately, in this game of capitalism that we're in, the people getting rich are the ones helping other people get rich. The point I'm making in this video, I'm not saying that you should play on easy mode or on hard mode. What I'm saying is that if you want to play on easy mode, you got to recognize that you got to tie whatever you're doing to revenue generation in some kind of way. So, I'm not saying you should stop being a teacher or stop being a social worker or stop being a doctor. But if you want to get rich on easy mode, you might be thinking, okay, how can I shift from public school teacher to something like corporate training where, you know, could you use your skills of teaching on the side, on the weekends, as a side hustle, as a business to help corporations make more money by training their staff in something that makes them money? For example, I have a bunch of friends who run businesses in sales training. They teach other people how to be better salespeople and therefore make money for the business. Those guys are making tons of money. And I want to share another few examples just to drive this point home. So I was having a chat with one of my team members, Dan. Dan is the guy on my team who is in charge of my website. And Dan wanted to start a side hustle where he's like help, you know, he's trying to make money on the side. And I'm like great. I'm all I'm all for my team starting side hustles. And Dan was struggling because he was like, do I sell website design or do I sell like SEO audits or do I sell like web development for WordPress themes or any of that kind of stuff? I was like, well no, Dan, like why do I hire you? And he was like, "Well, you hire me because uh you know I manage your website." And I was like, "Okay, but like why do I want you to manage my website?" And he was like, "I don't know cuz you know you want your website to be good." And I was like, "No, Dan, the reason I hire you is not because you're managing my website. It's because you're helping me make more money. So how do we tie what you do to how you help me make more money?" And eventually what we landed on with Dan was that like Dan, my website guy, helps me make more money because he optimizes the conversion rates on our sales pages so that customers are more likely to buy my courses and programs and stuff. And so now that Dan knows this, he recognizes, oh wait a minute, his skill set is not in designing websites. It is, but his skill set is really in helping businesses make more money through conversion rate optimization on their websites. And as soon as Dan was able to articulate that and tie what he's doing to the measurable increase in revenue for a business, he was able to land like a $15,000 side hustle client, which he had never been able to do before because he was always selling web design or web development or SEO audits. Just packaging a thing around helping someone make money helps you play business on easy mode, but choosing to package it not around helping someone make money or save money is choosing to play business on hard mode. All right, so principle number two is to sell to people who actually have money. Now, this sounds stupidly obvious and yet a lot of people ignore this, especially beginners to the world of business or to the world of trying to make money. So, if for example, you're selling something for $50 to someone earning $40,000 a year, you are fighting against their rent and their groceries and their kids school fees and their crippling sense of financial anxiety where every single purchase is an emotional battle and every sale is a fight that you are fighting feeling as if you're fighting with a customer to convince them to, you know, part with their money. And that's playing on hard mode and it can be really exhausting. But compare that now to selling a $50,000 service to a business that's making 5 million a year. They don't really care about 50 grand. They care about the ROI. So if your service helps them make $200,000 because it's, I don't know, improving some aspect of their sales or marketing or fulfillment or like product process and you send them the invoice for $50,000, they'll probably just like wire you the money immediately and reply with money sent. Thanks. And this is why in general, if you're trying to get rich, selling to businesses, i.e. B2B, business to business is dramatically easier than B2C, business to consumer because businesses buy with spreadsheets and logic and they have money to spend whereas consumers tend to buy with feelings. And again, this is one of those like really counterintuitive things about business, which is that, you know, let's say you're trying to make $100,000. It's a lot easier to make 100 grand selling 10 things for 10 grand compared to selling 10,000 things for $10, right? And this is what we tell our students in the Lifestyle Business Academy that if you want to get rich on easy mode, like if you want to pick an easy business to start, easier than the alternatives, you generally want to sell something between $2,000 and $20,000 because that means you need relatively few customers to make a viable business out of it. And if at all possible, you want the outcome of whatever you are selling to be essentially, I help you make more money. So, for example, we've got Adam who is one of our students who's like I think his offer is something like I help seven figure online course creators boost their sales by 30% through optimizing their sales function. That's basically I help rich people make more money and that is a lot easier to sell than I help corporate professionals find their purpose or I help uh people overcome their anxiety or I help people overcome imposter syndrome or things like that. Wherever possible we want to sell to people with money and we want to tie whatever we are selling to helping them make more of it. This is business on easy mode compared to the alternative which is just a lot harder to do. Principle number three is you want to set your pricing based on value rather than on time. And the idea here is that when you charge by the hour, you are literally capping your income by the number of hours you are physically able to work. And also, you are creating a weird incentive structure where you are incentivized to be slower rather than quicker. And the only reason people tend to think this way is because probably the first couple of jobs that you had when you were a kid, you were paid hourly for them. And probably in the job you have right now, you have an annual salary, but you can calculate kind of like your hourly rate because you got to be at work from, I don't know, 9 till 6 or whatever the thing might be. And so if you're trying to get rich on easy mode, the the thing we again that we want to figure out is what is the value that our service or our product or our business is offering and how can I quantify this value? Because if what you do will help your client make an extra $100,000, then it would be a bit dumb for you to charge only $500 for it. And there is a good rule of thumb here. If you are thinking of starting a business, it's a rule of thumb. It's not a rule of law, but as a general rule of thumb, you want to charge about onetenth of the value that you help create. So, if whatever you are doing, your service or your product or whatever, will help someone make an extra $100,000, then you would charge $10,000 cuz they would feel like they're getting a bargain because obviously paying 10 grand to be able to make 100 grand is an amazing deal for them. And then you will feel like you're getting rich and so everyone wins. Principle number four is to build skills that sit close to the money. And the idea here and the unfortunate truth is that not all skills are equally valuable in the marketplace. Some skills are nice to have skills and other skills are print money type skills. So for example, learning the skill of sales is a very high income skill because it sits very very very close to the revenue because if you can bring in revenue for the business that you work for, then you are way more likely to make money or commission or be able to start a business off the back of that. Similarly, a lot of things within marketing, if you can directly tie them to the amount of revenue that the business creates as a result of that skill, again, it's a lot easier for you to earn more in that career or charge more if you're a business in that particular domain. But then there are skills that are also like a few steps removed from directly making money. So for example, graphic design, graphic design and making stuff look pretty is a nice to have skill and unless you are tying it to I don't know creating advertisements and stuff that directly increase revenue or things like that, it's difficult for graphic designers to make a lot of money. Similarly, writing as a skill, creative writing, analytical writing, content writing, these things tend to be less well- paid, but the best paid writers tend to be the copywriters, i.e. the people that are literally writing the sales pages that help convince customers to part with their cash. So, it's really more of a marketing function rather than a kind of writing function. And so, basically, whatever the skill is, whatever you do, the harder it is for your employer or your client to draw a line between what you do and how much money you make them, the harder it'll be for you to make a lot of money in that particular space. So, with all that said, here is the uncomfortable truth that I wish someone had told me years ago. You're probably already helping someone make more money. That is literally what a job is. Your employer hired you because you helped their business generate more value than they pay you. That is the deal. That is the entire arrangement for like everything other than roles that are funded by like the state for example doctors working in the UK's national health service where it's like a lot less of a clear correlation. And so this gap between what you create and what you capture that is the profit margin for the business. And for most people that gap is higher than you would think. And so there's a few different things you can do here. Number one, you can like increase the amount of value that you actually add to the business. And so then be able to say to them like, "Hey man, you know, I'm I'm adding so much value to the business quantified by XYZ. Therefore, you know, I'd like a raise of like some percentage of that. And so, that's generally an easy sale for an employer. Alternatively, maybe you're already creating a lot of value for the employer or the client or whatever, and you just need to make the connection between what you do and how they make money. You just need to make that connection more clear, like being just making things more visible, and making the visibility of what you do more directly tied to ROI, like return on investment. And so, the key message of this video is that getting rich in all these contexts is isn't really about working harder. The people I know who are doctors, who are social workers, who are teachers are working a lot harder than friends of mine who work in finance or like have businesses that help companies make more money. But it's like in the capitalist world that we live in, like we said, market value is not the same as societal value. And so if you want to get rich on easy mode, you try and find a way to help other people make more money. And every other method is kind of trying to get rich on hard mode. Now, yes, you could sort of get rich through having a job, but it is way easier to get rich by actually having your own business. And if you are wondering what sort of business you should start, what's the easiest, most profitable business for a beginner to start this year, I have a video over here that kind of breaks down my thesis on what business I think you should start if you are, for example, a corporate professional and you're looking to start your first business. So, that will be right over there. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelDailey-g8p [27 likes]: As a beginner investor, this is one of the most helpful videos you'll find on YouTube. The way he explained about money and investments clearly in layman's terms, along with the strong ideas shared, makes it perfect for anyone just getting started and looking for direction
  2. @aliabdaal [22 likes]: Get the revenue mapping coach here: https://aliabdaal.com/revenue-mapping-coach/
Learn how to build a $100k/year lifestyle business (free workshop): https://go.aliabdaal.com/financiallyfreeytp
  3. @venturabay [1 likes]: Everybody is replaceable, and this dude is just another person selling his book
  4. @Onmoneyline: The point about helping others make money really resonates. I've been testing this with UGC Works lately and it's interesting how much more sustainable it feels when you're actually adding value to businesses instead of just chasing consumer dollars.
  5. @Mars.2024: Fantastic! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED 🎉
  6. @jessicataylorbarrie: This is the best video I’ve seen in a very long time!
  7. @samnuwagira: that waaw but can i get more assistance
  8. @nsjrmusicgroup2562: Ali can u tell us what kinds of skills do you have?
  9. @avrilteaches: Educator here. Started working for myself a few years ago online. Currently in the process of scaling but the challenge of it all caused me to slow down and get distracted this past week. The truth of your sentiment: societal value vs market value angered me and brought back that verve! Thanks. lol Good luck to everyone^^
  10. @Puffer007: And you are still trying to be rich by making videos!! LMAO
  11. @NastyNate97: That’s why relationship based businesses like finance, law, accounting ect are great. If you are in a position where your book of business will follow you to another firm you are going to be highly incentivized to stay.
  12. @onyxbite3847: Wow! This is gold.

Thanks Ali Abdaal
  13. @ytspylightofficial: Informative video 👍❤️
  14. @Dooderinobandito: Crazy, dude talks so fast its like the video is on 2x playback, but I can actually understand everything he says.  Must be that he's wearing two watches, one on each wrist, that must be the key to that superpower 😅 but in all seriousness this video is jam-packed with valuable knowledge ❤
  15. @vladyslavstepulenko8155: wow, what an interesting perspective! Basically getting rich on easy mode is serving an existing idea that already works. And hard mode is the opposite - you focus on bringing value to the world by embodying something new, which imposes greater risk, because it's very hard to come up with a decent idea
  16. @allisonquaye1583: Where is the link to the AI tool mentioned @10:10?
  17. @divedjumpa-i3l: This was very informative, appreciate it.
  18. @LorieSterling: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  19. @hjiang-g2v: Don't doctors make ton of money?
  20. @freedomfinanceschool: Wonderful  investing advices

- Make 2026 the Best Year of Your Life (Evidence-Based): Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the channel. In this video, we are talking about the GPS method that will drastically improve your chances of achieving literally any goal that you set your mind to. So, it contains a bunch of evidence-based insights that have been combined into this fairly easy to follow system that's completely free and takes like somewhere between 5 and 10 [music] minutes to actually do. So, whether you want to build a business or you want to get fit or you want to find the love of your life or you have goals in literally any other area of life, if you follow the GPS method, [music] you are just way more likely to achieve that goal. And by the way, if you're new here, hello. My name is Ali. I'm a doctor turned entrepreneur and author of the New York Times bestseller Feelgood [music] Productivity. These days, my main gig is that I'm the co-founder of Sparkle Studios, which is a sort of app development company where we're building productivity apps that we wish [music] existed in the world. And on the side, I've been making YouTube videos since 2017, documenting my journey from medical student to doctor to entrepreneur and author and sharing the books and [music] ideas and strategies and tools that can help us build a life that we love. So, if that sounds good, you might like to consider subscribing if [music] you like. So before we dive into the GPS system, there is one key piece [music] of theory that this entire system is based around. Now this might sound obvious, but it's surprisingly powerful, which is that every goal you want to accomplish is merely a series of tasks or actions that you do. So if you are not accomplishing your goals, you are simply not doing the things that it would take you to accomplish your goals. Like if you didn't need to do stuff, then your goal would just happen automatically. And the reason it hasn't happened yet is because you're not doing the right things. And that is either that you don't know what the right things are to do or you do know what the right things to do are, but you're not actually doing them. And [music] pretty much all of goal achievement, all of the evidence around it can basically be summed down to [music] those things. What is the goal? What are the actions that are actually going to get you there? And then how do you get yourself to actually do those [music] things? And it's this concept, these three concepts that the GPS system is based around. Like for example, let's say I wanted to get fit and that was my goal for whatever reason. In order to get fit, I have to do a series of actions like eating healthily and hitting the gym and doing some cardio, all of that kind of stuff. If I wanted to start a business, there would be a series of actions like figuring out my idea and like coming up with a product and finding people to buy it. And so the whole idea behind the GPS system is that we are breaking down these three components into an actionable system with a nice acronym that we can [music] use firstly to actually achieve the goals that we set and secondly as a diagnostic tool where if we are struggling with something we can just run it through the GPS system and then we'll see exactly why we are struggling. Great. So having established that let's actually talk about the GPS system. Now the GPS system stands for goal, plan and system. And within each of the components of goal, plan and system, there are three factors or three things that we want to be considering. This might sound like a lot, but literally it takes less than 10 minutes per goal that you set, maybe even 5 minutes to like figure out like the three components of the GPS system. And if you just follow the system, you are drastically more likely to actually achieve the goals that you set. [music] All right, so let's start with component number one, which is the goal. Now, when it comes to setting the goal in the first place, there are two broad mistakes people make. Mistake number one is not being clear or specific or concrete enough about what the goal actually is. What [music] is the thing you actually want to do? Things I hear a lot when I do events is like someone will set the goal that they want to stop procrastinating. It's like, okay, but what does stop procrastinating actually mean? You've probably tried to set the goal of stop procrastinating for a decade and it hasn't succeeded. So, there's like something going wrong here. Similarly, I speak to people who say that their goal is to start a YouTube channel. But like right now, you could go on youtube.com, you could click new channel, and congratulations, you've started a YouTube channel. Have you accomplished the goal? Well, probably not because when you say start a YouTube channel, you actually probably mean some things other than that, but like you haven't yet taken the time to get specific and concrete about what you actually mean by that particular goal. So, the way we avoid this mistake is by getting really specific on what are we actually trying to do. And the trick here is in the specificity. It is so much easier to work towards a specific and concrete goal compared to a vague or an abstract one. I often hear people say, you know, I want to start a business or I want to start a lifestyle business because I want financial freedom. I'm like, okay, that's great, but that's a very vague abstract goal. Start a business for financial freedom. It's like, what does financial freedom mean? Like, how much money are we talking? And starting a business that makes you 100 grand a year or 500 grand or a million a year is very different than starting a business that you can sell for $300 million. Like, those approaches require drastically different paths and both of them could be a business that gets you to financial freedom. So what actually is the thing that we are going after? The second big mistake people make when it comes to goals is choosing goals that are not emotionally compelling enough. You really need to understand why do you care about the goal. A lot of us choose goals from a sense of should or a sense of obligation. Oh, I really should take care of my health. I really should do that thing because like ah you know society or parents or what people will think or you know all that all of that kind of stuff. But in general, it is so much easier to achieve a goal if you have some compelling reasons as to why you care about actually achieving that goal. Ideally, those reasons would be intrinsically motivated, not just exttrinsically motivated. Again, the evidence on this is clear. People who follow goals from for extrinsic purposes like fame or money or status or you know that kind of stuff. A you're a lot less likely to actually hit those goals, but b [music] you are also less likely to enjoy the process of hitting those goals. So, we want to get clear on why. Why do we care about the specific thing? And then the third component of the G component of GPS is what are your anti- goals? What are the things you want to avoid [music] on route to achieving your goal? Like let's say your goal was, I don't know, to build a $100,000 a year lifestyle business in the next 12 months. That would be a reasonable goal. It's quite specific. Maybe your reason why is because you really want time freedom. You want the autonomy to be able to control your time, to be able to pick your kids up from school. That's a reasonable why behind it. And you might set the anti- goal like along [music] the route to building this business, I don't want to have to work on the weekends. I don't want to have to work more than 40 hours a week. Like these are all good constraints uh that you can set on yourself because it's not just about achieving your goals. It's about achieving our goals without like torpedoing the other aspects of our life. What specifically is the goal? Why do you actually care about achieving it? What are your reasons? And what are the anti- goals or constraints? What are the things you want to avoid on route to achieving the goal? And here are some examples of this in action. So, for example, for me, one of my health goals is I want to reduce my visceral fat levels by 50%. [music] That is the what. It's specific. It's tied to a number. In general, whenever you can put a number on your goal, it makes it it that's a hack for like getting more specific and like quantifiable and clear about what what you're actually trying to do. Why do I want to decrease my visceral fat levels? Well, I recently became a father and I would like to not die of a heart attack particularly soon. And visceral fat levels are like the things that like directly [music] contribute to your risk of a heart attack or a stroke or something. And I have a family history of heart disease. And thanks to my poor South Asian genetics, even though I don't look that fat, like I actually have quite a lot of visceral fat in my abdomen according to Dexa scans that I've done. And so really, I would like to be around for my wife and child and hopefully future children without dropping dead of a myioardial inffection overly soon. And then in terms of anti- goals, things I want to avoid. Yes, I want to reduce my visceral fat levels, but I don't want the process to [music] eat into the time that I spend with my wife and my daughter. So I don't really want to be going on runs in the evenings, for example, because that's like family time. And on screen, we will put some other examples of goals. This, for example, is the goal for getting a girlfriend and the what, why, and anti- goals that you might choose in that context. And this, for example, might be the goal to start your lifestyle business. So, the what, the why, and the anti- goals associated with that. And of course, you are very welcome to pause the video if you'd like to look at these examples in a bit more detail. Oh, by the way, if you're watching this video, then maybe one of your goals is to grow your social media presence. And that is where the sponsor of this video comes in. And that is ManyHat. Now, ManyHat is a platform that basically helps you create automations on social media. So, for example, you might have seen on my Instagram or on other people's Instagram the whole thing around comment the word [music] book and I'll send you a link to my book or comment the word guide and I'll send you a link to my guide. Usually, the book or the guide or whatever the thing is, those are lead magnets that are capturing emails so that we as the business owners can then connect with our audience on a platform that's not social media because then we get their email address. Now, obviously doing this stuff manually would take a lot of time, especially if you have a big audience. But what ManyHat does is that it is a metaapproved automation platform that makes it super easy to create automations so that when someone triggers a particular keyword, you can then define a series of actions that are going to happen next. And you can do really cool stuff with it. So for example, on my Instagram, if you comment the word Angus on any of my posts, then you might get a little Easter [music] egg. You can use ManyHat to create DM automation. So if someone DMs you a particular word, you can almost like create like a little quiz funnel and do an automated chat qualification process for them if you want. And of course, you can use Many Chat for things like if someone comments a particular word on a video, you could send them to some kind of resource or lead magnet or to book a call or for whatever the thing that your business does. So, if you would like to grow your audience and find a meaningful and automatic way to connect with them, then check out ManyHat. There's going to be a link in the video description. So, thank you so much Manyhat for sponsoring this video and let's get back to it. Okay, so having established our goal, [music] the next thing we want to do is we want to figure out what is the plan. Now there is a fascinating debate that goes on in the world of personal development in the realm of goal setting and that is about the importance of goals versus systems. So you've got the systems camp which was popularized by James Clear in his wonderful book atomic habits. And the general vibe that people took away from that is that you don't need to worry too much about the goals. What matters is the system. Like the system is sort of like the daily habits. The example he used in the book I think was that everyone who runs the 100 meter sprint [music] in the Olympics, they all have the goal of winning a gold medal. But obviously not all of them can win the gold medal. And generally the person who wins, it's because they had the best system or the best habits in order to [music] practice and train to get to that particular goal. This is all well and good. However, if your goal is to win the gold medal in the 100 meters Olympics, that is a very different system you would follow compared to if your goal is to win gold medal in swimming at the Olympics [music] or even if your goal is to get a girlfriend or even if your goal is to start a business. That's not to say the system is not important, but like the goal does in fact define what what you're actually doing and what's the system that you follow. Then on the other side of the camp, you have the people that don't really care about systems. They don't really care about plans. They just care about the goals. This is sort of like the manifestation law of attraction folks who are like, man, if you just have crystal clarity, you just really got to get clear on exactly what you want, then the universe will conspire to give it to you and all of those sorts of things. And the classic criticism of that is like, okay, but you can have a goal to become a millionaire, but unless you follow a plan and like do stuff like follow some kind of system to get there, it's not actually going to happen. And so I think both camps do have some kind of merit. And so basically the plan is the bridge between the goal and the system. The goal is sort of like the destination you are trying to get to. The system is like you know putting one foot in front of another in order to get to the destination. But the plan is sort of like your road map. It's it's like the path you follow in order to get to the goal. So there are three components of the plan. The question you want to ask yourself is what are the three to five major moves that will get me to my goal. So for example, if my goal was to reduce my visceral fat by 50%. The three to five major moves I might define as uh 10,000 steps per day, hitting 150 gram of protein per day, [music] staying underneath 2,200 calories a day, making sure I do three sessions of zone 2 cardio three times a week, and making sure I do three sessions of weight training with progressive overload to avoid losing muscle. Those are like five major moves that if I followed those things and actually did them would be pretty likely to get me to my goal of reducing [music] my visceral fat levels. This is like the plan, the plan that you follow to get to the goal. The next part of the plan is we ask ourselves is the plan actually realistic. So is it realistic in theory? I.e. in theory will the plan get us to our goals? Like assuming we followed the plan to 100% accuracy, would we actually get to the goal as a result of following the plan? Does the plan work in theory? And we put a percentage amount on that. And then we also ask ourselves in [music] practice, will I actually follow the plan? What are the chances of me actually following through on this plan? And this I find is a really, really, really important part of the process. A lot of people are very good at setting goals. Like they're like they know what they want, but then the plan that they choose to follow in order to get there just doesn't make sense. I know a lot of people who are choosing to start their first businesses because they want to get to, I don't know, $10,000 a month in passive income. It's like, okay, cool. We're we're clear and specific about the goal, but then the plan that they are following is just very unlikely to actually get them there. Even in theory, even if they followed the plan, it just wouldn't get them there. And that means that they just haven't picked the right plan. And these days with like Chad GPT and Claude and AI tools, it's not that hard to come up with a plan that actually gets you to your goal. But you have to kind of be thinking in this way, otherwise you end up choosing plans that just don't make sense. Oh, and by the way, if you're interested in a totally free and easy way to incorporate the GPS system into your own goals, then my team and I have actually trained a totally free AI model that is literally trained on the GPS system. We call it the GPS coach. And so it's sort of like Chad GPT, but just way more specific because it's specifically about the GPS thing. and it will basically ask you a series of questions so that it can kind of coach you through the process of like figuring out the GPS for your own goals. So, there'll be a link down below in the video description if you're interested in that. It is completely free. For example, I know people who have the goal of getting to $10,000 a month in passive income. And the plan they want to follow to get there is number one, posting on Instagram once a week. Number two, trying to get companies to sponsor them for posting on Instagram once a week. And number three, doing this for about 6 months before giving up. Now, even if you followed that plan, you posted on Instagram once a week, you tried to reach out to brands and you did it for 6 months, would that get you to $10,000 a month in passive income? Absolutely not. Like, there's all sorts of issues with that plan, but like the primary one is that posting on Instagram once a week is really just not enough to get anywhere. Maybe if you're posting once a day and you're doing it for like 3 years, then maybe you could get to that goal in in terms of like the passive income goal. Also, brand deals isn't really passive income, so you'd actually probably want to be be creating your own digital product or something like that. Also, depending on what your niche is, Instagram might not even be the best platform for it. You might actually choose LinkedIn or YouTube or Tik Tok instead. Like, there's all sorts of things that are wrong with that plan. And often what I find is that people just don't take the 3 or 4 minutes to actually think, what is the plan I actually want to follow? And does the plan even make sense in theory? And then sometimes if the plan does make sense in theory, you still need to ask yourself, will I actually follow the plan? For example, if my goal was to produce visceral fat and part of my plan was running for 5 hours a day. Okay, in theory that will massively increase my caloric expenditure, which will put me in a calorie deficit, which will probably reduce my visceral fat. But what are the chances that I'm actually going to run for 5 hours a day? Those are pretty low. Therefore, [music] if any of these numbers is under 80%, this is sort of like my threshold for this. That is a sign that I need to rethink my plan. And then the final component is something that I call the crystal ball method. This is based on research from the psychologist Gabriel Urtting Ingan who has come up with this Whoop method where basically the whole vibe is you kind of want to imagine a crystal ball and you want to figure out like let's say you project in the future and you did not achieve your goal or you did not [music] follow the plan. What are the top three reasons as to why you didn't follow the plan? Like what are the top three reasons why it didn't work? In the case of reducing my visceral fat, for example, reason number one why it doesn't work is maybe I if I think back to past attempts at doing this, number one, I just blow over my calorie my calorie limit of 2200 and so I just eat way more calories than that, which means I'm never going to reduce fat. Number two is maybe I lose a lot of muscle because I haven't hit my 150 g of protein with enough of a training stimulus to retain muscle. And maybe number three is I don't do my 10,000 steps a day, which means I'm end up in a caloric surplus rather than a caloric deficit. And then that makes the whole plan go out the window. So in this [music] context, even just taking one minute to just visualize what is your plan for achieving the goal and then what are the top three reasons why it might [music] not work. This is mental forecasting. You're sort of predicting what obstacles you're going to run into before you're getting started with the goal. And then you come up with a plan to address those obstacles. So again, using my fat loss example, how do I make sure I stay under 2200 calories? Well, I should probably track on My Fitness Pal. How do I make sure I stay at 150 g of protein? Well, I should probably track it on My Fitness Pal. How do I make sure I get 10,000 steps a day even when I'm busy? Well, I have a walking treadmill literally off camera and so I can make sure I'm tracking my step count on my Apple Watch and I'm just sort of making sure that if I'm in Zoom calls or whatever, I'm sort of walking on the treadmill to passively get those steps in without actually having to go out and go for a walk. Those would be like just three random examples of obstacles that could get in my way of not achieving my goal and then things I might do to overcome those obstacles. Again, on screen, this is what the plan might look like for the girlfriend example and this is what the plan might look like for the start a lifestyle business example. And again, you are very welcome to pause the video to have a look if you would like. Okay, so now we get to the boring bit, which is the system. So there are three components of a system. So the goal was where do I want to be going? Like what's my destination? The plan is what do I need to do to get there? The system is answering the question of how will I make sure I stick to the plan? What daily and weekly actions do I need to do to make sure I actually stick to the plan? Because again, lots of us are very good at setting goals, but we suck at sticking to those goals. There is an execution gap. We have the intention to do the thing and then we don't do the bloody thing. And the reason why is because we have not stuck to the plan assuming we have a plan in the first place. So there are three aspects of the system. The first one is tracking. For example, this meta analysis basically collected 138 different studies that covered nearly 20,000 participants. And they basically found that the people that monitor their progress towards a goal, i.e. they track their progress towards achieving that goal. Those people were way more likely to actually achieve the goal compared to people that did not track. Again, you've got the classic weight loss example, which is if you just step on a set of scales once a day, you are likely to lose weight because just simply being aware of the number makes you start making micro decisions that cause you to lose weight. Similarly, you know, ever since I got a Whoop band, I've been aware of my sleep score. And so my sleep has improved really without me having to do anything other than just looking at the number every day because when I see things like, man, my sleep score was only 64%. It will just nudge me to do sensible things like get an earlier night and make sure the room is set to the right temperature and all that kind of stuff. It is enormously helpful to track your progress towards your goal. So the question you want to be asking yourself is for whatever goal I'm following, for whatever plan I'm following, how can I track my progress towards it? When I was writing my book, Feel Good Productivity, for example, I made the most progress when I had a Google sheet and I was tracking how many words I was writing every day. Back when I was studying for my exams at Cambridge University Medical School, the highest performances I ever got in the exams were the ones where, again, I had a Google sheet where I was tracking the syllabus and I was sort of color coding it red, yellow, green depending on how confident I felt about that particular topic. People who go to the gym and end up getting jacked tend to track their workouts. They don't just go to the gym and hope for the best. They actually write down on some kind of notebook or some kind of app exactly what they're doing. People training for a marathon are far more likely to actually be able to run a marathon if they are tracking their runs, looking at their heart rate, looking at their heart rate zones and sort of adjusting their plan as they go along. Component number two of system is to ask yourself how will you remind yourself of your goal and of your plan. For example, there was this study I think 2017 from Dominican University and basically what this study found is that if you just write down your goals, you are 42% more likely to achieve them. And there was another study I came across. I can't remember the exact reference, but it was basically showed that if you look at your goals every day, you're just again way more likely to achieve them. If you remind yourself of what you are trying to do, then you know the brain has a tendency to forget. You know, we all set New Year's resolutions, New Year's goals, and then like a week goes by, 2 weeks go by, and we have completely forgotten what the goal actually was. And so there is a lot of value in just reminding yourself to look at the goal. How do you remind yourself to look at the goal? Well, you can do things like a daily journaling practice. I've made videos about that. You can do things like a weekly review. We've done videos about that. My favorite thing is to just stick blocks of time in the calendar. So, for example, if I know that one of my goals is the visceral fat thing and my goal is to run three times a week, it's just super nice to put those three blocks of running in the calendar and set it [music] to repeat for the next 3 months or 6 months because at least every time I look at the calendar, I'm reminding myself that like, oh yeah, this was a thing that was important to me. You could use an app like my team and I have built an app called Momentum, which is sort of like a habit tracker with accountability squads built in. And this gives you notifications every day. like I get a notification to remind me to do my 10 minutes of stretching [music] every day. The other example is I have a vision board that I've created that I have as my desktop wallpaper and this reminds me of what some of my goals are every single time I go on my computer. So the question you want to be asking yourself is what are the reminders I can implement into my life that will actually help me stick to the plan. And then the final component of system is accountability. Most of us really struggle to hold ourselves accountable to ourselves for the goals and the plans that we would like to achieve. And so having some kind of system where you get an accountability squad or an accountability buddy to help hold you accountable is enormously helpful. My team and I have this online mentorship program called the Lifestyle Business Academy where we mentor people one-on-one to help them build their lifestyle businesses. And a key component of that is accountability. We are checking in on you every single week to make sure you're doing the things you said you were going to do. We give you a Google Sheet scorecard to fill in every single week that asks you how many hours you worked, how much content you posted, how many discovery calls you took. We have like a checklist process to help you go through the process of figuring out your niche and figuring out your offer. And if we see that you're falling behind, like a lot of students tend to do, we ping you a message in the one-on-one support channel being like, "Hey Johnny, noticed that you're falling a little behind on blah blah blah. What's going on? Anything we can help with?" It's an accountability system more than anything else. So, if you just spend 5 minutes defining your tracking system, your reminders, and trying to come up with some sort of accountability system, whether it's a friend or a family member or like a WhatsApp group or using our app Momentum that has accountability squads built in. [music] All of these things in the system component are again going to make you way more likely to actually follow your plan and actually achieve your goal. Now, at the point where you've taken five or 10 [music] minutes to define your GPS for any of the goals that you're working towards, you're going to want to check out this video over here, which is a video containing, I think, five really quick, really easy evidence-based principles that you can follow to again drastically increase the chances that you're actually going to achieve your goal. So, plan your GPS method for any goal that you have and then check out that video over there to be able to put it into practice. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you over

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [49 likes]: Join my FREE quarterly goal-setting and reflection workshop on Saturday 4th April: https://go.aliabdaal.com/spring26ytp
  2. @BenjaminRay-t8e [1 likes]: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  3. @MannyKrishnamoorthy: “So good!”
  4. @MannyKrishnamoorthy: “Loved this!”
  5. @thesecondsalary34: every goal achievement needs proper planning and action
  6. @PhuongLinhPham-o3r: “Keep it up!”
  7. @PhuongLinhPham-o3r: “Actually insane.”
  8. @vitoriamiwa5606: I follow you since you were in Med School. Distanced myself from the page for a while, cuz it started to trigger me a bit. Today I found your page again and am very glad that I did. Cheers!
  9. @helloshooter77: just signed up for the workshop
  10. @FirojAnsary-o3n: the GPS framing is nice but the accountability part always dies for me after week 2. i wonder if forge ai trainer could be the “system” piece, not just motivation.
  11. @TheresaMurugan: really needed this right now
  12. @ABITMbah-y4p5f: love how practical this is
  13. @Krishyadav-n4o: simple tips go a long way 🤔
  14. @karar568: Anyone else having trouble getting the the GPS coach? I signed up for it, but nothing in my email (and I checked my spam folder).
  15. @monavc8962: How would you recommend goal setting and concretely defining a "What" clearly when the industry is completely new to you. For example, I want to get into programming and coding and learn how to code a Raspberry Pi. Is that too vague? I don't have the knowledge base to define it more clearly or state clearly what I want to code on Raspberry Pi. Or would you suggest kind of saying what I'd want to do in an "ideal" world and adjust as my knowledge base gets bigger?
  16. @ShreeRam-i2g: girlie 👀
  17. @FedeMorilla-v8v: Well done, Ali! Keep it up :glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:
  18. @JacksonAlberta-i9e: Very well done, appreciate this video!
  19. @CinderellaKuokkanen: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  20. @HongWeidman-e8r: Great video! Really enjoyed it.

- How to change your life by journaling in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the channel. This video is all about how you can use journaling to change your life. I have been journaling consistently since 2015, pretty much every day through a combination of physical and digital format. And I found that journaling has been the single habit that has most positively impacted my life because it's led to all of the things that I've done over the last 10 years that have led to my life being completely transformed. And I genuinely think that if you haven't started journaling yet, if you start doing it, it will also drastically change your life for the better. So, this video is going to be split up into three parts. Firstly, we're going to talk about why journaling is a big deal and why it's important in the first place. Secondly, we're going to talk about the three levels of journaling. And thirdly, I'm going to share some actionable tips that you can use to start applying journaling to your life today if you want your life to be changed. And if you're interested in a totally free list of my favorite journaling prompts, they'll be linked in a Google doc down below. I keep that updated and have done for years with my favorite journaling prompts. So, you can just download that and go if that's [music] what you are into. Now, the thing with journaling is that you've probably come across it before. You might even seen some of the videos I've done on the channel about the importance of journaling. But when I speak to people around this, most people know that they kind of should probably maybe be doing some journaling, but they are not doing it consistently. Or if they are doing consistently, they're not like seeing the results that they would really like to get from journaling. So, the key thing here is that it's pretty uncontroversial to say that the actions that you take dictate kind of your outcomes in life, right? So you could take positive actions that would lead you on a good trajectory or you could take actions that take you on a bad trajectory like you know probably scrolling Tik Tok for eight hours a day is probably not helpful would probably take you on a negative trajectory but learning some high income skills and choosing to start your business for example might take you on a more positive trajectory. All of this is the action that we take upstream of the action is a decision. So for example, the decision I made to start this YouTube channel in 2017 directly led to the actions of me making YouTube videos for the last like eight years and that has had a very positive impact on my life. As a result, I've became become financially free and I'm able to do all the fun things and you know this gets to be my career which is amazing. So thank you if you've been following the journey for any length of time. But that all stemmed from a decision to let's start a YouTube channel, right? And so then the question becomes like how does that decision form? And that decision forms as a result of thoughts and feelings and beliefs. And in many ways, beliefs are just the same thing as thoughts. They're just thoughts that we take more seriously than other thoughts. It basically just comes down to thoughts and feelings. Some combination of thoughts and feelings leads to a particular decision. And then that decision leads to actions that change your life. So for example, let's say you want to become financially free. That is a thought probably accompanied by some kind of feeling. It's like a desire for financial freedom. But loads of people have the desire for financial freedom. Almost no one actually does anything about it and almost no one achieves the result. So then you got to have the thought of I want financial freedom. And then you got to have a sort of feeling of confidence or a feeling of like want like actually wanting to do the things that it takes to become financially free. And then maybe you watch a video of mine or you come across some content that says starting a business is a good route to financial freedom compared to just trying to get ahead in your career or whatever the thing might be. So you're like, "All right, cool. Now you have another thought which is I should start a business. And then when you have the thought of I should start a business again loads of people have the thought of I should start a business and yet when I pulled people in my audience like 78% of you want to start a business but you haven't yet started a business. So there's another blocker that holds you back and that would be another thought in terms of like what business idea should I pursue and then along this way along the thought of I want financial freedom I should start a business. the thought of what business idea should I pursue or that question in your mind. This this is also accompanied by a lot of different feelings and feelings are also these other internal things that you know internal bodily sensations that we apply some kind of label to. So the feeling of anxiety, the feeling of fear, the feeling of like cringe at the thought of like outing yourself as a wannabe business owner, the feeling of like oh but like am I going to have to show my face? Am I going to have to create content? Am I going to have to speak to people? and like what if I get rejected and all this sort of stuff and all of these are feelings accompanied by thoughts like thought feeling combinations that block loads of people in the world who have the thought of I should start a business or I want financial freedom. The thoughts and the feelings block them from actually ever taking action on doing the thing. Now what the hell does all of this have to do with journaling? Well, what it has to do with journaling is journaling is literally the process of writing down your thoughts and your feelings and to an extent your beliefs. And the thing about thoughts and feelings in particular thoughts like when they are in your mind and they are not on paper they have way more power over us. The the thought of if I start my business then my colleagues will laugh at me is a thought that I hear a lot from students in our lifestyle business academy which is kind of like my online business school. It tends to be like professionals who are successful in their in their day jobs and in their lives who really want to start a business to get to financial freedom but they're really worried that their colleagues will laugh at them if they start posting on LinkedIn for example. Now, saying that out loud, it seems dumb, right? Like, why would you let the thought of what Jane from HR thinks about your business because you worked with her 10 years ago, why would you let that stop you from achieving financial freedom? But when that thought is in the mind and it's just like in our heads and it's just sort of bouncing around, the thought of like Jane from HR is going to laugh at me, therefore everyone else will laugh at me, therefore my manager will laugh at me, therefore like I'm going to lose my professional reputation and my social status and therefore I'm going to end up broke and homeless and alone. And these are not like conscious thought processes, but it tends to be what the mind does because the mind is a survival machine and it's geared towards protecting us from bad things. It is not at all geared towards helping us live the life life of our dreams. The mind is totally happy if we stay completely miserable but in our comfort zone. In our comfort zone of safety. The mind is optimizing for safety, not for growth. And in general, if you want to take actions that optimize your life and take you in a direction that you feel your life has changed for the better, we want to be optimizing for growth rather than for safety. And so the mind is just not the right tool to do this. One example that I quite like is like, you know, imagine you're trying to do something complicated like designing a bridge. Would you try and do that in your head? Probably not, right? Like bridges are very very complicated devices that require loads of like engineering and ma and like mathematics and like architectural stuff and material science and all that stuff goes together with loads of people to make a bridge. They don't do it in their heads. they put it down on paper, right? And so if you're trying to calculate a complex mathematical equation, of course you would put it down on paper. And yet loads of us just never put our thoughts and feelings on paper. We have them in our heads at all times. And then what happens is that those thoughts and feelings run rampant and start running going down rabbit holes and stuff. We end up making decisions as a result of those, but because we're doing them subconsciously, we don't realize that like anxiety and fear and cringe and like the fear of rejection and like what are people going to say and all that kind of stuff. We just don't realize that that stuff is holding us back from achieving our dreams. And so when you start journaling, going back to journaling, when you start journaling, which is literally the process of writing down your thoughts and your feelings when you write them down, I am not starting my business because I am worried that Sarah from accounting will laugh at me. You write that down and suddenly that particular thought loses like 95% of its power. And be like, Sarah, really? Am I am I really going to let what Sarah from accounting thinks like stop me from achieving financial freedom? That's just dumb. And then you can kind of see your thoughts for what they are. Most of us, unless we have a journaling practice or a meditation practice, which is sort of somewhat similar in that it has somewhat similar effects to an extent. Unless you have a strong journaling or meditation practice, you probably take your thoughts way too seriously. And so when you have thoughts and you get into these rabbit holes, you are allowing those thoughts which are really just, you know, thoughts are not real. It's kind of like the cloud in the sky, right? Like I mean, yeah, there's a cloud that's gone by. I currently have the thought of like, oh, lunchtime's in an hour. I was like, who cares? There's a cloud going there. there's a car going there. Like it's all just it's all just stuff, right? And unless you journal or meditate or both, ideally, you will take those very seriously. And you will allow your thoughts, which are simply patterns of energy in the neurons in your mind, you will allow those to dictate your actions and your decisions. And therefore, you end up on a trajectory where you're living with regret because you never pursued your dreams because you allowed fear to get in your way and stuff. So basically, that's a long roundabout way of saying that journaling, i.e. Writing down thoughts and feelings is really really important if you want to change your life. Now, in other exciting news, as you might have heard, uh my team and I are currently building an online business school called the Lifestyle Business Academy, and we're iterating on things at a pretty fast pace. Now, one of the big perks of having so many students going through our program is that we now have a ton of [music] data points and moving parts to manage, including content and feedback and workflows and automations. And all of that gets way easier when you understand how to use AI properly. And something that has really helped me and the team with this is Brilliant, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. They have these fantastic interactive courses on the fundamentals of AI. Things like how the AI large language models works, how to think about algorithms, how to break problems down. And all of this has been very interesting to learn about, but has also had a tangible impact on how we are using AI to run our business more effectively. The thing I love about Brilliant is that they don't just teach you theory. It's actually a hands-on approach to problem solving that genuinely changes how you approach your work. And so, as you're going through the content, like you're watching the stuff and the explanations and then you're actually applying them in practice. And that gives you these little aha moments which is great for building the kind of intuition that research shows is way more effective than just traditional kind of lecture-based learning. The platform also adapts to you at the right level. So it gives you personalized practice and it nudges you forward at exactly the pace you need. So if you would like to become a better thinker and also reach some serious learning goals along the way, head over to brilliant.org/aliadal or scan the QR code on screen or click the link in the description and that will also get you 20% off the annual premium subscription. So thank you so much Brilliant for sponsoring the video and let's get back to it. Okay, so now we get to how do you actually do this? And I think of this as the three levels of journaling. Level one is great for complete beginners to journaling and it's super super easy. You just write down what you did today. So either in the morning you can write down what you did yesterday or in the evening you can write down what you did today. And there is a fantastic book by a lovely chap called Matthew Dixs called Storyworthy. And there is a strategy in that book called Homework for Life. And it's basically a book about like how to tell better stories. But it's more than about that. It's just it's one of my favorite books of all time. Anyway, the idea behind Homework for Life is at the end of every day, you just ask yourself, what was the most storyw worthy moment that happened today? And then you just sort of write down what it might be. And if you can't think of anything that was storyw worthy, it doesn't matter. You've got to come up with something like what was just one thing that happened in your day that was at least slightly interesting or at least slightly more interesting than everything else. Even if you have a really boring life, you have to come up with something. And that is a great journaling practice because a it's amazing for being able to actually relive your own memories because our memories are in many ways what we retire on. And so when you go back through your journals like I've got journals over here from like years I've been journaling regularly since 2015. So now I have like 10 years worth of journal entries where you know if I do them on an app I can see sort of on this day in 2015 on this day in 2014 this is what I was thinking. This is what happened. And reliving those memories is generally quite nice because it's quite nostalgic because it's been a while. And it's also nice because it lets you see how far you've come. So at the very basic level, this doesn't require you to open up about your feelings or about your childhood trauma or anything like that. You literally just write out what you did today. Then you have the next level of journaling, which is you write out what you are thinking. Now there is a technique from Julia Cameron's book, The Artist's Way, called morning pages, which is amazing. Loads of people swear by it. And the idea behind morning pages is that every morning you just write out three pages. You can do less than three if three is too if three is too many. You're just literally writing down whatever is coming to your mind. So, I like to start out my morning pages when I do it with today is going to be a great day because and then I just keep writing. And then the idea is you just keep writing. You don't judge what you're writing. No one else has to read what you're writing. You're not writing for publication. You are merely just writing out stuff that comes to your mind. And you generally find that in the process of doing this as you build the connection between the thoughts that are happening in your brain and what your pen is saying or if you're typing it out. Technically, she says you should write it out by by hand, but sometimes that's annoying. So, I do type it out. Sorry, Julia. Apologies. As you develop that connection between actually being able to type out or write out what you're thinking, you actually get a lot of insight into your thought processes, you start to realize that, wait a minute, the thoughts that I keep thinking are actually kind of negative. Huh, it's interesting. Why am I talking to myself like that? You also, if you have any kind of creative practice, any kind of like if you're creating content or trying to write a book or trying to do any art or anything that involves creating and putting anything out there into the world, often the process of like getting your thoughts out on paper can really help with your creativity as well. Then as a sort of addition to that, instead of just writing what you're thinking, you also write what you are feeling and trying to put your feelings into words. Again, this is just super super helpful. It gives us a lot of self-awareness about the feelings that we all have. We are all experiencing different feelings at different times of the day. It is remarkable just how much our feelings subconsciously dictate our decisions and our actions. And so being again being able to write it out, huh, I'm currently feeling a little anxious. Why am I feeling a little anxious? I feel a sense of like franticness that's sort of just coming into my life. I feel like I'm maybe running out of time and that's leading to a feeling of like agitation and franticness that if I don't do all the things then I don't know something bad will happen. Now that thought process or that feeling process in our brains and in our bodies will run rampant and we'll just be like a little stressed a little on edge at risk of burnout without realizing it. But as soon as you start journaling and you write write it out and put it on paper you can be like huh that's interesting. Why do I act as if I'm running out of time? Am I running out of time? Well, no, not really. I wonder where that thought comes from. And then what happens is that you start like approaching your thoughts and your feelings kind of like a detective or like an investigator. You're like, huh, it's interesting that I have the thought, this video sucks right now because I don't have any scientific data in it. Hm, I wonder where that thought comes from. Maybe that comes from thinking that like the only value I have to add as a YouTuber is in like whether I add scientific data to my videos. Huh, that's interesting. Is that true? In the process of journaling, you're sort of like having the sort of conversation with yourself, but you're not having the conversation with yourself in your head where it's very easy for it to get to derail into like negativity and stuff. You're having the conversation with yourself on paper or copy paste into chat and then get an analysis from Chad or Claude or whatever. All of this just gives you way more insight into your own thought patterns and your own feeling patterns. And then level three, I think, is that once you're able to do that kind of stuff, which is it's not that hard, you then start journaling about your goals and your plans. Now, this is where I really like journaling, right? Like there's a lot of value in journaling in just being able to write out what you're feeling. But for me as a productivity bro who cares about like goal achievement and like getting places like becoming financially free or whatever. You then start writing about your goals and plans. You then start writing like okay cool. I've written out what I've done today. I've done my morning pages whatever thing thinking and feeling. And then at some point you'll start writing about the future. You might see a journaling prompt that says something like you know what would you like people to say at your funeral? And you're like huh that's an interesting question. What would I like people to say at my funeral? Well, at my funeral, most people don't won't really care about like my sort of achievements. They're not really going to care how much money I have. But at my funeral, you know, people generally talk about service and they talk about character. So, hm, what's the kind of service that I would like to offer to people or to the world? What's the kind of character I'd like to develop? And now you are in the mode of processing where you're actually able to make sensible decisions about what you want to do with your life. You might come across a journaling prompt. What does your ideal end state look like? Like imagine you've achieved everything you want. What does your day-to-day look like? You're like, "Huh, I've never thought about that." Okay, let's imagine I have achieved everything I want. Let's imagine I have started that business or got that promotion or gotten them, you know, gotten married, had the kids, etc., etc. What then? What would I actually be spending my time doing? I'm like, well, maybe, you know, I I just I really like to do standup comedy. Oh, interesting. Where did that thought come from? Like, yeah, I'd really like to do standup comedy. That would be really interesting. Or I'd really like to write songs or like release my own album or whatever that that thing might be. often like we don't give ourselves permission to think [music] in those sorts of ways because we are so fixated on what's the next thing that I have to do. A lot of us are running through life, ticking things off a to-do list, acting as if our time is running out and we're so focused on like just getting through the day and just getting the stuff ticked off and like removing the these sources of stress from our lives like like I've got to pay the electricity bill, got to pay the water bill, a like the radiator next door is broken so I got to call a plumber about that, etc., etc., etc. that when you journal even for 5 minutes or 10 minutes and you do it consistently, you get distance [music] from the day-to-day and you can start thinking about the future and you can start asking yourself what do I actually want? That is like one of the key things that I have personally gotten through journaling over the years [music] just a better sense of what do I actually want? Because if you really figure out what you want and you know, not in terms of like I want a Lamborghini or I want a yacht or whatever, but like what you intrinsically want, what you intrinsically want or value, you can then start to make decisions that take your life closer in alignment to what you want and what you value. And so you might think that you want a lot of money, but in the process of journaling, you might realize that like, okay, well, what would I do with the money if I had it? You might realize that what you would do is that you just want freedom. You want freedom to be able to spend your time however you want. And then you're like, all right, cool. So it's not really money I want. It's more like team freedom that I want. And then you're like, okay, but like why do I want the freedom, right? Like what would I do if assuming I had all the money and all the freedom? How would I spend my time? And you might land on something like I did that like, you know what, I would really just focus on teaching. I just really like teaching. I like, oh, interesting. Teaching is the thing that I want to do. Like that kind of thought process was what helped me realize that, you know, my career as a doctor wasn't really for me. And I realized that like the most enjoyment I ever had in as a doctor was when either I was learning something new [music] or I was teaching something. So I'm like, huh, that's interesting. like learning and teaching are the things that I seem to want. Is that true? And then do some journaling, figure that out based on like, yeah, actually a lot of the past experiences of fulfillment in my life have been involved either when I've been learning something new or I've been teaching something. So, I don't really care about the money for the sake of the money. I care about the money because the money gets me freedom and the freedom lets me teach. Oh, okay. So, maybe that's what I want. I want the freedom to learn and teach on my own terms. And so, that kind of insight can come through journaling. It can come through like having a life coach. It can come through talking about your thoughts and feelings to like an AI model and you know hopefully it's guiding you somewhat guiding you in the right direction. All of it requires externalizing your own thoughts and your own feelings because when they are internal there's not much we can do with them and we end up going in all these sorts of different places but externalizing them in any way be it through journaling or through talking to an AI which is kind of basically journaling or talking to a life coach which is basically just like journaling out loud and they're just asking you questions. All of that is getting at the question of what do I actually want? And then once you figure out what you want, then you turn it into a goal. You turn it into a plan. You turn it into a system to follow the plan. This is sort of like my GPS uh method for goal setting. Uh which will be linked up there and down there if you're interested in learning more about it. And it's all based on what do you actually want? I have people who come up to me at my events a lot being like, hey, how do I figure out what to do with my life? Or questions like that. And my first question is often, have you tried journaling about it? And often the answer is no, not really. Or like, oh yeah, I've been meaning meaning to, but I haven't really got around to it. It is remarkable how much clarity you can get by just setting a 10-minute timer and just asking yourself a question and then just typing out whatever comes to mind or speaking out whatever comes to mind as a response. If you're interested in an app to help you with that, my team and I have built a tool called Voice Pal, which is kind of like voice- based journaling or note-taking. You just go for a walk. It's got a few journaling prompts within it as well, and you can just like pick a prompt and you can just like speak out whatever you want. That'll be linked down below. It's on the App Store. It's on Android. People are loving it. It's great. You should check it out if you would like. Okay, so that was a lot of theory. Let's now talk about the actionable tips. What are the things you can tangibly actionably do to start incorporating journaling into your life so that you can change your life. Number one, I would say get a physical journal. These are just some of the physical journals that I have had over the years. Um, I got a new one recently. Basically, I just love getting Harry Potter themed journals. So, this is like a Ravenclaw I got Ravenclaw sculpted journal. I got this from South Africa. Um, oh, I got this one. This is one that I got. Um, I think this was from London. Expectto Patronum. Another Harry Potter Moleskin like journal. It's just nice having a nice journal. I think a lot of people would do more journaling. Where's Where's the other one? Ah, here we go. We got some more here. More journals. Like, you know, when you've been journaling for a while, then you you just end up collecting like journals and stuff and it's just super cool. Like, this was my experiment with like bullet journaling where I was like, w so much stuff in here. It's really cool. Basically, get a physical journal that you feel good about using. The whole concept behind my book, Feel Good Productivity, is that we are far more likely to do things and to do things better if we feel good about doing them. And so, when I bust out my cute bluepecto patronum type journal, then I feel good and I'm much more likely to actually journal as a result. So, I would say just go on Amazon, go to your local shop and get a nice cute physical journal that you feel good about writing in. Actionable tip number two is I would recommend also having a digital journal of some description. And so you can use some kind of journaling app for that. Apple has a built-in free journaling app. The one I've been using for literally years is called Day One. I've been using that basically every week since like 2014ish. And so when you use an app, it's also nice because I tend to photograph and scan in pictures of my physical journal. So I sort of do a physical and digital hybrid here. And it's really cool because then you can look back on stuff super easily rather than having to bust out the journals and then like find find stuff. So yeah, having an app generally quite helpful. Action number tip number three is to get a list of prompts. If you're a beginner to journaling, actually just having some good prompts is a very good way of getting started. And I have linked my own favorite journaling prompts for free down below if you want to check them out. It's in Google doc that I keep updated with my with my favorite journaling prompts. Actionable tip number four, and maybe this should have been number one, is that these days it's never been easier to start because you can always just talk to an AI. My favorite AI for this is Claude because I freaking love Claude, but you can use Claude, you can use ChachiPT, you can use Grock, you can use Deepsee, you can use Po, you can use freaking Gemini, you can use whatever you want. You can literally talk to any AI tool and you can say, I am interested in getting started with journaling. Can you give me some interesting prompts? And it will give you some interesting prompts. And then you can just talk to the AI and you can do your journaling in that way if you are just getting started with it. Final thing I want to talk about is journaling as a daily habit versus journaling as a deep dive. So the daily habit form of journaling when I personally do it is like you know somewhere between two and 5 minutes per day. I don't do it every day. I just do it most days where I'll get the notification from day one the app or I'll go down to the local coffee shop with my little Harry Potter journal thing and while drinking a coffee just do some journaling. That's like a nice daily type thing and I can kind of go as shallow or as deep on that as I would like. I think that's quite nice. It's quite a nice way of building the habit and maintaining the habit. But what's really cool about journaling and if you really really want to make specific tangible changes to your life is setting out time like you know half a day like or even a couple of hours go to a new location take some journaling prompts with you [music] and you know without getting distracted by your phone actually just taking 2 hours to almost do a mini retreat with yourself like a mini personal discovery or self-discovery type retreat where in the process of going to a new location outside of like your normal experience and taking some journaling prompts with you with a notebook and not getting distracted with your phone, you're able to genuinely have insights into your life that help you make decisions that help you set goals. And those goals ultimately lead to plans and systems and then you take the actions that ultimately changes your life. And if you're interested in the specific approach of how to do journaling and this deep dive method, I have a video over here that talks about the think day approach to journaling. And it's a video where I take you through my own process for journaling across a period of like 4 hours. Don't worry, the video is not 4 hours long, but I take you through my own process of journaling as I go to like a new place here in Hong Kong where I live and I share with you my top 10 journaling prompts that I really in particular love for like the think day approach to journaling. So, that'll be linked right over there. Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Come back.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [28 likes]: 💌 Join LifeNotes, my weekly email where I share what I’m reading & learning: https://go.aliabdaal.com/lifenotes/yt
  2. @ProspectivePlans [8 likes]: Journaling isn’t just reflection — it’s a thinking tool. When you consistently capture your ideas, goals, and lessons, you start to see patterns that help you improve faster.
  3. @dibs.499 [3 likes]: ali after watching ur journalling videos, i began journalling at the beginning of 2024. its changed my life and helped in ways i cant even describe thank you so much for ur work and everything u do
  4. @hamzaelkabir: Hamza, a manager who's watching this, and I can assure you that no manager in the world will laugh at the idea that one of his subordinates will start his own business
  5. @tripjj8662: You’re just hoping in the trend. You aren’t a serious journalist
  6. @saymachowdhury1972: Stop saying 'like' every other word. Brits don't do that. It's American.
  7. @Abhishek-ze7bk: 3:16 what did i hear it as perceive?
  8. @johnmacleod4481: He is like an expreds trsin dors he ever stop to breathe
  9. @knutHB: This is cheap: to get your „free“ list of journaling essentials you want my mail…ok, did it…now I get a mail full of advertising bullshit 😂…really? It's about as primitive as it gets 😂
  10. @EnochJoy: What’s that book shelf Ali?
  11. @William_johnson2-z2j: Really engaging content, kept me hooked till the end.
  12. @nikkim4911: i’m doing all of this this year i do daily meditation, starting journaling and sharing my crochet projects
  13. @felipebrunetta2106: why are there two apple watches?
  14. @Saja.STumma: 👏👏👏
  15. @derenda20: @aliabdaal I didn't receive journaling prompts :(
  16. @vishnuprasadvg5422: I thought the video is on 3x
  17. @Dreamatory: We've been on the journaling bandwagon for about a month. Thanks for the inspiration! 📚
  18. @Ilidan1985: Ravenclaw FTW!
  19. @nehajoshi5248: What’s the background music you used? Would be thankful if you could share
  20. @pauli8379: kind of sad to see the harry potter related poster and harry potter journal in the animation 

i understand people still enjoying harry potter

but i don't get why you'd show harry potter related things in content if not necessary. that journal could have been neutral oder from any other franchise. instead you chose to give harry potter a platform and contribute to a transphobe getting a bigger and bigger plattform.

stuff like this really matters to some of us and in case you didn't now about jk rowlings transphobia let this be your sign to educate yourself

thank you.