- How to Change YouTube Channel Name & Handle (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Here's exactly where to change your YouTube channel name. Inside YouTube Studio, click on customization and you'll notice two names that you have the ability to update. The first one is your channel name. It's important to note this is the name that's going to follow you around for most of your activity on YouTube. Be it publishing a video, the main text on your channel homepage, even in the post tab, and it's also what's going to show up in search results. The second name is your handle and this is how people find and tag your channel. It's what YouTube considers your unique identifier, which just means this is your channel URL. This is also the name that shows up when you leave comments and when you post shorts. Now, both of these names come with a strict 14-day rule, which just means you can only change these names twice within a 14-day period. So, double-check that spelling just to make sure you're not stuck with a typo. And a good thing to know about changing your handle name is YouTube actually holds your old name for you during that 14-day period, so that if you change your mind, you could easily revert back to it. Changing your YouTube name is no small thing. You are choosing the direction for your YouTube channel and I actually put a video together to support you from this point and help you avoid the six things that hurt new and small channels. You can click or tap the screen right here and I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: Don't forget to grab your free personalized channel growth plan. Results in 2 minutes! FREE Creator Quiz here  http://mycreatorquiz.com
  2. @theopeninquiry [4 likes]: You've really run out of video ideas 😂 What the heck?😅
  3. @jeanettemasontv1416 [4 likes]: Hey think Media podcast 😁🖐️
  4. @SarafiAfghanistan [1 likes]: ❤🎉
  5. @VirgoAnimalWhisperer: You jumped so fast you did not tell us how to get to the customization part. Please start at the beginning and tell us how to get there. I went to settings and it is not there.

- This Mic Is Built for Creators! (Insta360 Mic Pro): Kind: captions Language: en This microphone allows you to change this display right here to be whatever logo you would want it to be, like this Think Media logo right here. Plus, it can work with your camera or smartphone. It records 32-bit float audio internally. Has really great noise cancellation and much more. This is the brand new Insta3 Mic Pro. And in this video, we're going to cover everything you need to know about this microphone. So, what's included inside the box if you purchase the Insta3 Mic Pro? where you're going to get a couple of different cases to hold the contents. You'll first get a soft padded carrying case that stores all of the contents like the charging case and extra accessories if you want to bring that along. And then the microphones themselves all fit into this nice charging case that opens from the top. And if you look inside, you can see all of those core accessories, including two microphones that you get with this kit and one receiver that can work with both cameras and smartphones because it does come with a nice USBC adapter. And then you connect that to the receiver and it can plug directly into your smartphone if you want to record to your phone. You'll get a couple of clips that attach onto the microphone so you can clip those onto your collar or different surfaces as well as two magnets if you want to magnetize it to your shirt. And that's actually what I'm doing for this portion of the video inside of my studio. You get windcreens for each of the transmitters that are actually pretty large and are really good at blocking out wind noise. You also get a 3.5 millimeter cable so you can connect that receiver to a camera and a USBC data cable for charging or file transfers. Now, let's zoom in on the actual microphones for a couple seconds and talk about some different design and key features that you should know about. Obviously, one of the first things you'll notice is this custom e- in display on the front of the microphone that allows you to have custom branding. Whatever sort of logo you want to put on this microphone, you can actually do that. So, for this video, I swapped over our logos for the Think Media channel and our Think Media podcast channel. I like the nice blue of the Think Media podcast. And it's crazy. You could actually do different colors as well. I thought it would maybe just be black and white, but no, you can actually do different colors with the e- in display. Now, you adjust all this by opening up the Insta 360 app and then you're able to swap different logos and also choose from some custom presets as well. So, if you don't have a logo you want to upload, you can choose from a variety of designs that they already have available for users in their app. And what's cool about the e- in display is it doesn't really use any power. So, it's just like a Kindle. If you've ever like read on a Kindle before, it uses that same kind of e- in technology. So, the logo actually stays on the unit if the microphone is off. So, you don't have to like turn it on. It's not like a powered LED screen. This logo is just always here whether the microphone is on or off. And the screen is also going to be visible even in really bright lighting conditions, which is awesome for people who want to record outdoors in direct sunlight. Even you're still going to be able to see that display really clearly. This custom e- in branding honestly to me is kind of like a bold choice by Insta3 because if I was them, I would kind of want my logo on the front of the microphone to just boldly proclaim like, "Hey, if you want a great mic, like use our microphones." but they're allowing creators to choose whatever logo they want to put, whatever custom branding they want. You can actually do that with this microphone. So, I mean, shouts out to Insta3 for letting us do that. Now, the actual size of these microphones are pretty large. If you have other wireless microphones that you've used before, you might notice right away that these are pretty big in size and they're pretty heavy. So, even right now, I can kind of feel it pulling down on my shirt just a little bit. I get why they made the size larger because of that e- in display. if the microphone was a lot smaller, like their mic air for example. The mic air is really tiny, but you couldn't see any logo on that sort of size. So, I get why they're making it larger for that sort of custom branding feel, which is something you want to know. This mic definitely feels larger. There's a couple of buttons on the transmitters themselves. So, there's a power button, and if you single click, you can actually start and stop recordings on different Insta 360 cameras. And then if you doubleclick, that's how you turn on noise cancellation. And then the LED indicator will turn green on the transmitter. And we'll test that noise cancellation in just a little bit. And then there's also a dedicated record button as well. And for recording, you can record up to 32-bit float internal audio, which is like super high quality audio. If you don't know what that means, you're just never really going to have to worry about clipping your audio or talking to quiet. You can actually raise your audio and it's still going to sound really good. And that's how you start and stop recording via the transmitters themselves. Now, there are some unique ways you can control the transmitter from the receiver. There are things like a low cut filter if you want to cut out some of those low-end frequencies. There's also independent gain control for each microphone. So, maybe you and somebody else are recording at the same time and you wanted your noise levels a little bit higher and their gain a little bit lower, you can independently adjust those. And there's also an auto gain feature. If you don't want to deal with adjusting people's gain level, you can let the software do it itself. There's also several directional pickup modes. There's omniirectional, which kind of picks up audio coming from all directions. There's cardioid for more focus control. There's figure 8 for picking up audio in front and behind the microphone. And then there's a voice focus mode that is super directional, but for this video, I'm just leaving it on omniirectional because that's typically how I use wireless microphones. There's also a child lock feature in case you don't want your user messing with all of the controls on the microphone. You can enable child lock. You can also turn on or off LED indicators if you don't want those lights flashing while you're recording content. And there's also an auto power off feature. So, there's a lot of different ways you can customize your experience of using these microphones. Now, looking at this receiver, it's going to feel familiar to other prolevel receivers on the market right now. It is touchscreen control, which is great for manipulating things via the touchcreen, but also you can control basically everything with the wheel dial control on the front of the unit as well. There's a camera 3.5 millimeter output if you want to run this unit directly into your camera, which is what I'm doing actually for this video. There's a headphone jack if you want to monitor audio directly from the receiver itself. Of course, there's a power button on the unit as well as a USB adapter port, and that's how you attach that USBC adapter if you wanted to use this with a smartphone. And there's also a cold shoe mounting port on the top of the receiver, which is great. So you don't lose out on if you're like mounting this to the hot shoe of your camera, you can still attach an additional accessory to the top of the receiver. And you could even set the microphone to the super directional setting if you wanted to put this on top of the hot shoe of your camera in order to treat it kind of like a directional shotgun style microphone if that's something you want to try. I did want to do a quick sound test of this voice directional mode. So I don't even have the microphone on me right now. I came outside my backyard and my neighbor is weed whacking over here and I have chickens to my right, but I've set it to the voice isolation like pickup mode where it's pointing directly at me just on the cold shoe of the receiver right now. So, it's acting as kind of like a shotgun on camera style microphone that I would use if I was vlogging and the sound quality is actually pretty solid. So, something you could try out with this microphone. For recording modes, you can record in stereo, mono, quadrophonic, which is super interesting, as well as a safety track. And you can also independently adjust the receiver gain control separate from the transmitter gain. You can also control the transmitters from the receiver in multiple ways. You can start and stop recordings for both units or one unit at a time right from the receiver. You can also mute or unmute the microphones from the receiver and turn on and off noise cancellation from the receiver as well. Now, here are a series of sound tests with the Insta3 Mic Pro. I'm in a really controlled sound environment inside my studio here. And the first test is it just being attached center chest via a magnet just right here. You can see this. It's kind of a typical placement for how you would mount a wireless microphone like this. And now we'll do a couple of other tests. The second test is mounting it right here to my collar. So it's just a little bit closer to my mouth. So typically the microphone might sound a little bit better, but sometimes your mouth is a little bit too far forward from your collar and it can sound a little muffled. So let me know how it sounds in the description below. Now, the third test is mounting the microphone inside of this wireless mic handle. And this is one of my favorite ways to actually record audio because it positions a microphone like this in the best possible way to record the best sound quality. So, you've seen me probably on this channel before test many other microphones in the same method. And if you want to get like the best sounding audio, grabbing a simple like $15 wireless mic handle and a little windcreen is a great way to achieve the best sound quality out of these wireless microphones. So, now we'll do a little indoor noise cancellation test. Testing the weak and strong noise cancellation modes. We'll start with the weak setting by turning on this noise maker app right here. So, I'll hit play on that. So, this is a baseline. No noise cancellation on right now. Now, I just turned on the weak noise cancellation setting and I can see that that is on on the transmitter right now. So this is the weak noise cancellation and now we just bumped it up to the strong noise cancellation mode and the noise app is still kind of blaring. I can hear it very clearly in front of me. So let me know how did that noise cancellation work and then I'll go ahead one more time. Now the noise cancellation should be off and you can hear what that baseline is again. Now I did want to come outside for a little bit of testing so you can hear how it sounds outdoors with the windcreen on. And it's actually a really windy day behind me. I'm going to see if I can capture some noise cancellation tests with these trees rustling like super loudly. And my kids are actually going crazy over here in the corner. Maybe you can hear my child screaming. It's a just a typical day in the Puit household here. All right, it's super windy right now. I just took off the windscreen so you can hear like how windy it is and hear all the noise. Like this is not ideal. But this windscreen actually works really well. I'm going to show you that right now. So this is the exact same environment, but now the windcreen is on and it's still like super powerful wind behind me. But actually the audio sounds halfway decent because this is a really thick windscreen that actually performs really well at blocking out wind. Now currently noise cancellation is off and you probably hear some of the ambiance and wind noise. But I'm going to turn on cancellation to its highest setting so you can hear what it sounds like in a pretty not optimal situation. Okay, noise cancellation was now just turned on at its highest setting. So in a really windy outdoor environment with children playing in the background and road noise. Let me know how the audio sounds. I've actually been very impressed with the noise cancellation testing out of the Mic Pro and my guess is this situation actually it's doing a really good job, but you let me know down in the comments. Overall, using the Mic Pro in outdoor environments has actually been a pretty good experience. So, I think this mic will be great for travel creators, content creators who like to film outside. Now, we're going to do a series of mic sound comparisons between other professional level wireless microphones. Starting with a baseline, just the Insta 360 mic pro. So, this is an audio test with the Insta3 Mic Pro inside of my studio in a controlled sound environment. Now, this next test is with the Holland Lark Max 2. I'm recording right now inside of my studio in a controlled sound environment. Now, this is a test with the Road Wireless Pro inside of my environment. Now, this is an audio test with the DJI Mic 3 inside of my studio in a controlled sound environment. Now, this is an audio test with the Boyoa Mic 2 inside of my studio in a controlled sound environment. Now, this is a test with the Cammonic Ultra inside of my environment. So, let me know how the Insta3 Mic Pro's sound quality stacks up to some of these other well-known professional wireless microphones. So, some things you might want to consider before purchasing the Mic Pro is first, just think about the size. Is the size a deterrent for you or not? Are you okay having a larger size microphone that's definitely going to be visible? It's not one that you're really trying to hide all that much. Of course, you could reverse the direction of this and have it inside of your shirt, but it is still pretty big. So, just something you want to think about. Another potential improvement would be that the magnet on the back of the unit is really weak if you have the clip attached at the same time. So, it's usually fine for me if I take off that clip. And I wish that with the clip attached, the magnet was still really strong, but it really just is not very strong if that clip is attached. So, you'll want to remove that if you decide to use this microphone via the magnet. I also wouldn't mind having a second dedicated USBC phone receiver for this unit if I want to use it with a smartphone. It's kind of bulky to have the standard receiver that's a little bit larger attached to my smartphone and would love a smaller dedicated phone receiver. This microphone can connect via Bluetooth though, directly to smartphones. So, if you don't want to use that larger receiver, you don't necessarily have to. You can connect via Bluetooth. Now, I'm also always a big fan if wireless style microphones can accept other types of microphones as an input via 3.5. So, apparently, according to Insta3, you can actually use this microphone with a USBC adapter that will convert to a 3.5 millimeter signal if you wanted to use a lapel style microphone with this kit. Now, I was not able to test this feature so far. And typically, if I am going to mic up a bride or a groom for a wedding or shoot a corporate video marketing promo, I'm not going to mic up my talent with a large transmitter like this on their body. I will use a smaller and more discreet lapel style microphone. So, it's great to know that you can actually do that with the Insta 360 Mic Pro. Though, at this point, I don't think that that is included with the kit. you'll have to purchase that adapter and lapel mic as an additional accessory for your kit if you wanted it. So, with all that said, who is this microphone actually for? I think this is absolutely targeted towards content creators who want prolevel sound, but want that kind of creative fun flavor, and especially those who like that e- in display, who want to have a custom logo or branding added to their microphone. Also, if you already have Insta3 products and want a mic that pairs seamlessly with them, the mic pro will do that. And of course, for video production pros, you absolutely can grab this microphone, especially if you already use some of Insta3's products like the Go Ultra or the Ace Pro series or the soon-to-bereleased Luna series and you want great audio with those prolevel travel cameras. This is a great choice. Let me know down in the description below what you think about the Insta3 Mic Pro. And if you want to check out another video from us, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video. And I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Citizen_2066 [11 likes]: That might be the cleanest noise canceling I’ve ever heard. Your voice still sounds natural and not over processed like many other mics.
  2. @OrionPhoenixStellar [4 likes]: Its great just wish it was a bit smaller.

I'll wait for gen 2 or gen 3 of this!

Keep it up Insta360 Team! 👽⚡️
  3. @sandeepsingh-ey6dm [3 likes]: Hey, do you agree that Rode Wireless Pro sounds the best between these mics?
  4. @ThinkMediaTV [2 likes]: What do you think about the new Insta360 Mic Pro? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Level up your audio with the Insta360 Mic Pro and get 5% off and a free waterbottle 👉 https://geni.us/3vXs5V, or check out the budget-friendly Mic Air here 👉 https://geni.us/DiBAEq
  5. @gulfdrones [2 likes]: size big looks too bulky
  6. @PaytonBilodeau [1 likes]: This mic is amazing tests it against Rode Wireless Pro ohhh nvm😂 rode still on top
  7. @Trevor_Blake1998: if you do lots of outdoor vlogs, you know how annoying glare is. mic pro e-ink seems to fix that
  8. @tfraley: E-Ink display + 32-bit float + AI noise canceling is a wild combo — curious how it holds up vs DJI/Rode in real creator use.
  9. @tfraley: E-Ink display + 32-bit float + AI noise canceling is a wild combo — curious how it holds up vs DJI/Rode in real creator use.
  10. @tamaswinkler6223: Is Hollyland still your first pic in wireless category?
  11. @kakudmi: Nothing about android setup.
  12. @Aranzahas: E-ink display idea on microphone is genius!!!
  13. @psychologischerberaterEY: It makes no sense for me to buy the new mic. You can’t even connect two microphones wirelessly to the own cameras like with the Ace Pro 2.
  14. @EndosKool: Thanks but Didn't hear about battery life of the Tx and Receivers...
  15. @kobek5272: Does it come with a lighting adapter for the transmitter ?
  16. @JakeOski: How well does the mic sticks to the receiver when in 'shotgun' mode?
  17. @brotherfredrickbeats: 🙌 To noise cancelation at strong, they have nailed it.
  18. @mrdonsmith: I'm a professional freelance network news cameraman and video editor and I'm very interested in the Insta360 Mic Pro. I thought I heard somewhere that the mic's have internal recording and no receiver is required but you made no mention about it. Internal recording is the most important feature I look for because I'm obsessive about having an audio backup. Can you confirm that the mic's have internal recording? Also, my biggest complaint about microphones in general is that they have reflective surfaces and logos which draws the eye away from the person speaking. Very annoying. So, while I really like the changeable branding, I like it more that you can turn off the branding and not have anything to distract the viewew from the presenter.
  19. @iJosh: i literally just bought the dji mic
  20. @Ivanorigami1: Hmm the case reminds me of the DJI case

- Canon R50V vs R6V: Can you tell the difference?: Kind: captions Language: en This is the R50V, Canon's entry-level camera that costs around $700, and this is the R6V, which looks pretty similar but has a full-frame sensor, more advanced video features, and costs around $2,500. But, how well does the cheaper camera hold up, and can you even tell the difference between them? Well, to put it to the test, I'm going to show you a few side-by-side clips. One is labeled camera A, and the other is camera B. Try to guess which one is the cheaper one and which is the more expensive camera. >> [music] [music] >> Okay, so lock in your guess. If you said camera B was the R50V, then you are correct. How did you guys do? Honestly, some of these shots are pretty hard to tell apart. Both cameras look really good, but there are some important differences you should know about. So, let's start with what these cameras are actually like to use. So, starting out with the R50V, this thing feels really small, lightweight, and just really easy to use. It's very simple. You have this fully articulating flip-out screen, so you can see yourself. You have a front record button, which makes it easy. There's also a tripod thread on the side, so you want to vertical filming, you can just put your tripod on the side, and you are good to go. Now, it does feel a little plasticky, and there are some limitations like this card door slot where your SD card is right next to the battery, and you only get one card, so just a couple limitations, but that is what to expect with a $700 camera. The R6V feels like a more grown-up version of the R5V. It is bigger, heavier, a little bit more bulky, but it feels like a much more capable camera overall with a lot more buttons for customization. You have better ports like a full-size HDMI. You have a bigger battery for a longer battery life, as well as dual card slots so you have an SD as well as CFexpress type B for more of your higher-end recording formats. >> You also have an internal cooling fan to keep the camera nice and cool. And it's full-frame in-body image stabilization, which is just lovely to see. But how does that translate towards the video quality? So let's dive into looking at the video quality between these two. Now comparing these two cameras side-by-side, honestly, isn't a fair comparison. One is much more expensive than the other, but what really impressed me is how well the R5V holds up. Both have that classic Canon color, and in good lighting, the difference may not be as obvious as you would expect. To me, the R6V definitely looks better to my eye. It has a little bit more detail and sharpness, and overall, the image just looks a little bit more true to life. When I take a look at the colors, I notice that the R5V has more of a magenta or this pinkish look to it, especially in the skin tones. And this is shot with identical white balance and tint settings, so I definitely prefer the colors coming out of the R6V. With that full-frame sensor on the R6V, you are going to get more blurry backgrounds to your video and help separate you from the background. Just gives your image a little bit more depth overall. And in terms of dynamic range, this is probably where the biggest differences lie. On the R6V, it's holding onto the highlights much better and can still recover some detail in color grading, whereas in this example on the R5V, those highlights are completely blown out. There is room to bring it back, but not as much as you would get on the R6V. For me, I definitely prefer the image quality coming out of the R6V just feels a lot more like my style but I have used the R5V several times for YouTube videos and it does hold up quite well. When it comes to resolution, the R5V can shoot up to 4K video while the R6V can shoot up to 7K. What's interesting about the R5V is that this 4K video is downsampled from the higher resolution 6K sensor. So even though you're only shooting in 4K, you are getting a sharper, more detailed 4K video. And the R6V does something very similar in the 4K fine modes. If you want the sharpest video quality, I definitely prefer shooting in this fine mode as you can see in this example. But this camera also gives you the option to shoot all the way up to 7K. Most people probably don't need to shoot 7K all the time but it is useful if you want to crop in, reframe, stabilize, or punch in during edit without losing much video quality. Frame rates are another where the R6V has a big advantage on the R5V, you can shoot 4K 60 but there is a noticeable crop in this mode. That additional crop can make it really hard to get wider shots. So you could always go down to 1080p if you didn't want to have that crop and go up to 120 frames per second but you just lose a little bit of that crisp video quality. On the R6V, you get 4K 120 frames per second and there is no crop factor so it's a lot easier to get your wide shots and not have to even worry about different crops when shooting different frame rates. Another big feature on the R6V is open gate. This gives you a taller 3 by 2 aspect ratio video that is just a lot more useful when it comes to reframing your video for, let's say, vertical content as well as a horizontal YouTube video. This also means you can shoot once and then later recrop and that just saves a lot of time. And another huge advantage with the R6V is internal raw video. This mode is where the camera really starts to shine. Raw just gives you a lot more flexibility in post. [music] So, if your exposure is a little off or your white balance is not perfect, you can fix that after the fact in your editing software. And that is just so useful, especially when you are moving quickly that you have that level of flexibility after the fact. And just look at the video quality I'm able to get on this camera. It is truly mind-blowing to me the level of quality you can get out of a camera in this price range. Now, I'm not going to shoot raw for every single video, but it is extremely helpful, especially if you are doing higher end productions. I think for some creators that level of flexibility is absolutely worth the cost. All right, so I want to test out the autofocus between these two cameras to see if there's really any major difference. As I get closer to the camera, I have the R6V right here. It's doing a pretty good job. It's even making sure that my eye is in focus. If I look over on the R50V, it's also doing a really good job as well. Keep in mind, I am using the kit lenses on both cameras. So, there is a little bit more depth of field. It's not super shallow, but anyways, I think if you are in front of the camera, you can rely on both cameras. They hold up. They keep you in focus. But, I would say that the R6V is just a little bit snappier and a little bit nicer when it comes to the autofocus. All right, so now we're testing out the stabilization on both of these cameras. Now, the R50V does not have in-body image stabilization, so that is a huge limiting factor. The kit lens does have some image stabilization built in, so we should get a little bit more smoother shots. With the R6V, we have internal IBIS, as well as the lens has stabilization as well. And as you can see, it's a much smoother shot, much more controlled. Whereas, on the R50V, we're getting a lot more shakes and jitters. Now, if you really want to vlog with the R50V, you could use digital image stabilization, which will crop into your image, but if you pair that with a wider angle lens, you can actually get a somewhat stable shot. Now, obviously, it's not going to be as good as the R6V with its in-body image stabilization, which I find to be really useful anytime I'm filming handheld B-roll where I just need to move quick. I don't want to set up a tripod. With the R6V, you can get those shots a lot easier compared to the R50V. So, let's talk about low-light performance. With the R50V, you do have the smaller APS-C sensor, which typically is not as good in low-light compared to full-frame. So, as you start to raise your ISO, you're going to see more and more noise, and it's just not going to be as clean of a result. So, there is a major advantage on the R6V that can gather physically more light, and the overall ISO performance is generally better, especially around 6400 ISO, it starts to clean up a little bit, and you can get some pretty decent results with the R6V. Now, for these shots, I was using the kit lens that comes with either camera, and they're not great in low-light. It starts at an F4 on either camera, and that's just not great when it comes to low-light. [music] So, if you do find yourself shooting in low-light situations, I would recommend swapping out for a faster lens, something like the Sigma 16mm F1.4. Paired with the R50V, you can get some great results in those lower-light conditions. One thing I definitely noticed when shooting with both cameras is the battery life. The R50V is a smaller camera, so naturally, it uses a smaller battery. And to be honest, the battery life on the R50V is not great. You can get around an hour and 15 minutes of continuous 4K video. So, for casual filming or just quick vlogs, it's probably fine, although you probably want to bring a few extra batteries. In comparison, the R6V uses this much larger battery, and I got around 2 hours of recording on this camera, which is a pretty big difference considering how much more capable this camera is. Now, with either camera, if you are doing longer-form content, recording for long periods of time, I would recommend powering this camera through the USB-C port. That way you can pretty much keep it running continuously. Another concern you might have if you are filming longer videos is overheating cuz the last thing you want to do is have the camera shut off mid-recording. I found on the R50 V, I did not really experience any overheating. I was able to record continuously 4K 24 until the battery died, which again was around an hour and 15 minutes. Now, the camera does get really warm to the touch, especially if you are recording that long. But for basic YouTube videos, the R50 V should be totally fine. Now, the R6 V has a major advantage because it has an internal cooling fan, which if you are using those more demanding modes like 7K, 4K 120, or raw, it's going to help keep the camera cool, which is a nice reassurance. Now, we did manage to get the R6 V to overheat, but that was by having it in direct sunlight, 90° weather, shooting 4K 60 fine, and the camera overheated around 25 minutes. Oh, and I also had the fan mode set to low. So, I'm sure if I had set it to high, it would probably have lasted even longer, which is really impressive. So, if you shoot longer form videos, the R6 V is definitely going to be that safer choice thanks to that internal cooling fan. All right, so let's talk about price. The R50 V costs around $700 and the R6 V is $2,500. That's a pretty big gap between these two cameras. With the R6 V, yes, you're getting a better camera, but you have to think about getting faster cards, more storage. So, it's going to be a much more expensive setup. So, that brings us to the big question, which camera should you buy? Should you go for the cheaper camera or the more expensive one? Well, if you're new to video and just filming simple content, just want good image quality without overcomplicating things, I'll definitely go with the R50 V. This is still a really impressive camera. You can get great image quality, especially if you are filming in more controlled environments like on a tripod, and you don't need all the bells and whistles. It has limitations, I'll give it that, but it does get the job done. But, if you really want to improve the quality of your videos or want a camera you can grow into, I've been really impressed with the R6V. You're not just paying for better image quality, you're paying for a better overall workflow, better stabilization, low-light, longer recording, better ports, and you're not having to worry about things like overheating. So, yes, obviously the R6V is a much better camera, but if I were starting today, the R50V would probably be the camera I would choose. In fact, I actually got my start with the Canon T3i, and I would say this R50V is so much better than that. If you want to see how the R50V compares to another popular camera like the Sony ZV-10 Mark II, then check out this video on screen where I compare the two.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaquanNurse2 [19 likes]: Think media wasn’t clearly thinking with this review cause why don’t you just swap the lenses when shooting the same scene ? How are we suppose to see the true quality if you’re using lower quality glass ?
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [8 likes]: Which of these cameras do you prefer? Let us know below ⬇
📷 Canon R50V: https://geni.us/3HhChZ
🎥 Canon R6V: https://geni.us/ZA1QRC
  3. @alpacino9226 [3 likes]: Using different lenses to compare two camers is diabolical......
  4. @ohnanana2900 [1 likes]: Great video
  5. @DigitalSamTV [1 likes]: It was easy to tell the camera AB test apart, they are night and day different. Every shot with the r6v was miles better better dof etc
  6. @slightlyopinionated8107 [1 likes]: this was purposefully shot on different lenses to upsell us on the r6v
  7. @TheLiverhythmz: How about low light shooting?
  8. @maruwaanmoses: Is it just me or does the colors on the R6v more subdued compared to the C50 and R6iii? It just doesn't look as pleasant as Canon is known for.
  9. @couplesbikeadventure9580: maybe the kit lens matter
  10. @frankmck458: From the poor creator perspective there's only one choice.
  11. @FinalFormCurator: Would love to see this R50 vs the Sony ZV1 Mark 1.
  12. @Danilo2Valdez: Es la comparación más estúpida que he visto.  Usen un poco mas la creatividad antes de hacer estos contenidos.
  13. @ayoub-echerif: 🔥
  14. @VGastelu: What? Are you kidding me? I thought the b camera was the R6 wow the r50v is way more good than I thought.
  15. @JonnyPink65: Fantastic comparison. One thing about lot of folks miss is f5.6 on a crop is not the same as f5.6 on full frame. I LOVE my R50 V and accept the overheating even in air conditioning.  The overheating you mention still bothers me. As a Canon photographer,  I still prefer my Nikon ZR for a full frame video body..... even with the mini HDMI. It has NEVER overheated on me. I prefer vintage and manual lenses for video but for AF lenses, I love my 3rd party ones that can't be used for Canon FF. I have the R6 V on order but have no plans to keep it. and color like a music mix, is subjective.  For YouTube does it really matter? You made the video i wanted to see. Thank you.
  16. @Filmwhatmatters: I would need to know the iso and aperture otherwise this isn't a good comparison.
  17. @DOEfatstarr: I also feel like there is a different color science in the R50v, No matter what I couldn't get it to match skin tones outta cam to the r7/r5 MK II or r6  @02:53 is a perfect example  and you zeroed in on it a lil later
  18. @DOEfatstarr: you can tell @00:37 the lack of detail in camera B gives it away.  I have the r6II and a r50v and I noticed this, the downsampling really is something special on that model, so i can only imagine on the r6IIxV, the downsampling is a myth I feel like on the r50V even with a sharp rf lens, maybe its the bandwidth that holds it back?
  19. @mariomx_: this is the zve10 and zve1 of canon right?
  20. @WSpace-h3u: R50v Costs $700 with KIT lens BTW

- How to Film Yourself for YouTube & Vlogs (Beginner Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Filming yourself alone in public is one of the most awkward things you can do as a creator. You hit record and then all of a sudden it feels like everyone is watching you. But the truth is, honestly, every creator has felt that same thing and it is super awkward. But there are a few simple things that you can do to make the process of filming yourself a whole lot easier to the point where you actually might start enjoying it. >> [music] >> So, if you've never filmed yourself before, the first thing you've got to start building is confidence and you do this by repetition. Just doing it more and more and the more you start recording yourself in different environments, in different situations, the more comfortable you're going to start feeling doing it out in public. So, not only will your confidence increase the more you start to record in public, but also you'll start to understand the types of shots and the variety of shots that you need to get in order to fill your whole story. When you're first starting out, it's hard to know what you actually need to record and what won't make the edit. But the more time you spend recording yourself, you'll start to learn what actually gets used. So, the big thing is don't overthink it at first. The first few times, too, are going to be super awkward and it probably won't be your best videos ever, but you just got to hit record. So, the next thing you want to think about is purchasing gear that's going to help remove the friction when it comes to record content. And there's two pieces of gear I've been using lately for a lot of my vlogging type videos and anytime I need to record myself. The first thing is just my smartphone. So, I'm shooting on mostly the iPhone 16 Pro for all of my YouTube content and this has become just my everyday tool that I carry anytime I need to record videos. Your smartphone is usually the best tool to start because it's already on you and it takes high-quality 4K video with multiple different frame rates and the images out of smartphones nowadays are just so awesome. So, it's a no-brainer just to start with your smartphone. Now, I'm actually recording most of this video on this camera I recently picked up. It's the Insta360 Go Ultra and I really like this camera because it's so tiny and portable and I can mount it in a bunch of different ways to get things like point-of-view shots and even it has a magnet on it, so I can magnetically attach it to any metal surface, which is really neat to get some creative angles. I don't necessarily have to bring a tripod with me, which is really convenient. And the key things about these two types of cameras are they are very small and not intimidating, so it'll give you confidence as you're out recording, but also not draw as much attention to yourself, because if you have a big like DSLR mirrorless camera with a really large lens on the end of it, it can draw a lot of attention to yourself. But a compact simple setup like this, I think is the way to go, especially if you're just starting out. So basically for this whole video, I'm using the Insta360 Go Ultra and my smartphone to capture all of the content, and it's really user-friendly. Now when it comes to trying to get creative angles for recording your videos, how do you make sure not every single shot looks exactly the same like the last shot? Well, here are 10 creative shot ideas you can try to implement when you're recording your own videos. So the first is the wide shot, and this is just going to establish your scene and give the viewer context for what location you're filming in. It's a really easy shot and one you've probably seen before, so try to work in some wide shots into your production workflow. The next shot is POV or point-of-view shots, and one of my favorite cameras to do this with is the Insta360 Go Ultra. It's one of the reasons why I chose it as the camera to film this video, because there's so many different ways you can magnetically attach this to your body to get some POV work. But you don't have to use a camera like this, you can even use your smartphone and just rig it up in different ways on your body to get that point-of-view perspective. For me, this is really nice for unboxing type videos or working at my workstation. I love implementing these POV shots. There's also just like a standard mid shot, and this is really good for just generic B-roll or informational type videos. Mid shots are great because they kind of fill in the gaps of your story just to get you that standard composition, and it's a great type of shot to fall back on. Another really common shot type is the walking handheld shot. This is really common for vlogging scenarios where you point a camera towards yourself, and it adds a lot of movement and energy to the frame. So, this is great if you want things to feel a little bit more exciting, you can leverage this walking handheld style shot. Now, there's also some different tracking or dolly style shots where the camera is like moving in the frame following a subject potentially or pushing through a doorway or tracking a really interesting object from left to right. Different ways you can leverage tracking and dolly type shots, but again, the movement of the shot is what looks so beautiful. Now, if you have some sort of gimbal you could set it to track you as you move around the frame. Otherwise, you actually might be behind the camera as you record the world in front of you. Then, there's also a close-up shot. So, these are fun shots to get where you zoom your camera lens in really tight on a specific subject, and this will put emphasis on a specific object or portion of your frame that you want your viewer to be paying attention to. These close-up shots are really fun to grab. You could also try over-the-shoulder shots. I use these all of the time at my workstation if I'm showcasing what's on my computer monitor, and it's just a creative angle that adds a unique perspective when you have a camera locked off on a tripod, so you could try out the over-the-shoulder shot. Another fun angle are reflection shots, and there's lots of ways to leverage reflections. You could do this with a mirror or even like a rearview mirror in your car is kind of a fun reflection style shot or even water as well. Lots of different ways you can get reflections. Time lapses are also a really fun way to film yourself. I do these sometimes as I'm setting up tech in my studio or recording different videos. It's just fun to have that time lapse perspective to showcase the passage of time. And then finally, there's just talking head style shots where the camera is locked off on a tripod and you're talking directly to the camera delivering your content. This is great for standard YouTube style videos or podcasting or interviews. And if you're recording yourself from home, one of our favorite ways to record videos that is really easy and beginner-friendly is with a tool called Riverside who partnered with us on today's video. Riverside used to mainly be for remote interviews, but now it lets you record, edit, host, and publish videos all in one place, which makes the entire process way easier. You can record videos from your home workstation in up to 4K quality and get clean studio audio [music] right from your workstation. And if you ever want to experiment recording with guests, you can actually just send a guest one simple link and they can click that link to join your studio session instantly. [music] What's great too about Riverside is it records everything locally to each participant's device. So, you and your guests will walk away with a high-quality video and audio file that you can use for editing later. This means that even if your internet or your guest internet was laggy at all, you won't lose any parts of the conversation and everything will still be super high quality. And once your conversation is done, you can actually edit your entire episode right there inside of Riverside and they have a ton of great AI tools to speed up your editing workflow if you've never done it before. And if you ever decide you want to launch a podcast one day, Riverside is also a distribution platform. This means that right there from your Riverside account, you can distribute your podcast to places like Spotify, Apple Podcast, and YouTube all from one place and you don't have to try to manually upload episodes to every platform. So, if you want to give Riverside a try, we'll link it down in the description below and you can use code Think Media when you check out to get 1 month free of their Pro Plan. Now, there are a couple of workflow pieces that I think will make the experience of recording yourself a whole lot easier. And the first is having some sort of outline or notes in your phone just to guide you as you're recording yourself. So, today for this video, I just have a list of those like five or six bullet points that I'm going to talk about in this video that I can use as a guide so that once I get out here to start filming, I don't just like have that blank stare of like, wait, like what was I talking about? I can just fall back on those notes to guide me through the content delivery of my videos. And then I'll also list out a few creative shot ideas that I can grab while I'm out filming my video as well. It's also smart to keep a basic checklist of the tech that you'll need for when you start recording your video. We use this acronym that I'll put right here on screen A V L S. It stands [music] for audio, video, lighting, and stabilization. You want to think about each individual piece. What is your lighting setup going to be? Are you going to have a tripod or a gimbal to set up your smartphone or your camera? These are the four main pieces we teach people to think [music] about when recording their video and it's really smart to outline them before you start recording. And this final tip is to think about your recording environment before you start filming and even just like have the awareness level of how your environment might affect your confidence and your ability just to record content at all. Like for these last couple sections of this video, I came to a local park here in my hometown city that's like super low-key. There's not really a whole lot of people around. And yeah, there are some people that like walk along this path and will give me some weird funny stares from time to time, but this is a way more low-pressure situation than like recording in a public airport or at a theme park like Disneyland where thousands of people are walking all around you and giving you weird stares. That's going to be a whole lot more high-pressure. So just start really small. You can start in your bedroom or your home office just learning to record yourself and then as you go into public spaces, start with like a simple city park where there's not a whole lot of people around and you can start growing your confidence to record in busier spaces. Now, if you're specifically interested in learning how to vlog, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch this video that I did where I did some vlogging tips at Disneyland. It's a super fun video you can watch and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: Which of the 10 creative shot ideas are you going to test out first in your next video? Let me know below ⬇
🔴 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://creators.riverside.com/ThinkMedia25
  2. @Flashous [3 likes]: It's definitely easier in locations where you are a tourist, especially with many more tourists around.
  3. @martholobew [2 likes]: Another tip that helped me is to always wear a hat. 😩
  4. @BhoopeshSingh-d [2 likes]: I am a new creator and this really helps out thanks a lot 🙂💪
  5. @VirgoAnimalWhisperer [1 likes]: Hi, question, I am driving up the Coast 101 from SF to Depoe Bay Oregon in September for 3 weeks. I have an iPhone 15 Plus and a nice selfie stick. I have recorded in the past and I am fearless so public filming is a breeze! I don’t care what people think! Having said that, because there will be a lot of videos for the YT channel I am starting, can my phone handle all of them? I have a cloud back up but you can’t delete from your phone to make space without the pictures and videos in the cloud disappearing as well! Any tricks or tips? I have not tackled editing yet! Just starting out! I am watching your videos today to learn all of this! I have till September! Thank you! Yvonne❤
  6. @ambition_vs_talent [1 likes]: I'm new to starting to make videos, i love the editing process but still recording myself in public is intimidating. Videos like this help tho.
  7. @chipsawdust5816: But -- I have a face for radio. 
And not sure I want the world to see me.
  8. @MuahMan: Can't do it but keep trying.  I can't talk to a camera and when I look the video all I see are everyone of my flaws.
  9. @1EnigmaTV: NGL, it has been hard lol..
  10. @ChristopherJohnston: I remember watching @iJustine recording videos in public and was amazed that she could just do it and not worry about it.
  11. @agambhasin: For perfect confidence, stop using these pocket cameras and get yourself a huge cinema camera rig with good bokeh and a huge setup, if u can pull that off in public, you’ll do well with toy cameras😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @PiotrZborowskiVlog: Thank you for this video 👌
  13. @planetdee3587: He could literally be 1/10 this size and still would be awesome
  14. @mortenjacobsen9926: Why do you (and so many others) talk so fast?
  15. @Arrow11001: Step one: don’t.
  16. @luxpursuits: A sneaky ad for Insta GO ULTRA 😂
  17. @thewhigtory: wise guys, eh!
  18. @planetdee3587: At around 8:40 mins.  😂 the girls face!
  19. @planetdee3587: For recording on your phone, do you suggest the rear or the front camera?  It feels strange not seeing yourself, but often the quality is a bit better with the rear and also you do not get that funny inverted look for everything.
  20. @TrVlogs82: I don't mind doing it, I just hate people who just stare because I was raised that it's rude.

- Canon’s New Camera Might Be All You Need: Kind: captions Language: en Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video. This is the Canon R sixV and it might be the best camera Canon has made for creators. You get a full-frame sensor capable of 7K raw video internally, open gate recording, 4K120, beautiful Canon colors with great autofocus, inbody image stabilization, plus an internal cooling fan, all packed into a more compact video first body that costs less than the R six Mark III. And after getting some hands-on time with it, I actually think this might be all you need. So, in this video, we'll break down what this camera does really well, the trade-offs, and whether or not this camera is right for you. Now, this camera is interesting because of where it sits in Canon's lineup. You have the R six Mark III, which is more of a traditional hybrid camera, which is great for both photo and video. And then you have the Canon C50, which is built more for professional video work. But what if you want a little bit of both? Well, now you have this, the R6V. It shares the same full-frame sensor as those cameras. So, in terms of image quality and performance, it should be just as capable. So, on paper, this sounds kind of like a dream come true. But the question is, with that lower price, are there any features that I would actually miss, or is this camera all I need? to find out. Let's start with the new design of this camera. But first, a quick disclaimer. This is a pre-production unit that Canon sent out for testing. They are not paying us to make this video. And as always, everything you hear is my honest opinion after using this camera. So, starting off with the design, the R sixV has more of that boxy creator style body, similar to what we saw in the R50V, but this is definitely the grownup version of that. It's bigger. It's a bit heavier, and just feels like a more capable camera overall thanks to the full-frame sensor, larger battery, and more buttons for better customization. Now, compared to the R six Mark III or the C50, it does feel a little less premium, but I also don't hate that because that means it's lighter and easier to carry around. Along the body, you've got a fully articulating flip out screen, mic input, headphone jack, USBC, full-size HDMI, dual card slots with a CF Express TypeB and SD, and a tripod mount on the side for vertical shooting. And I really appreciate the small details of placing the ports where the screen does not block or interfere if you have a microphone or headphones plugged in. Now, the HDMI will block the screen, but you do get more articulation compared to other cameras I've tested. Now, that might sound small, but if you ever use a camera where the cable gets in the way of the screen, you know how annoying that is. And despite this being a videocentric camera first, there is a photo video switch. So, if you do want to take photos, you can easily switch over to that. And I like that because even though I mainly shoot video, I still take photos all the time for thumbnails. So, being able to switch back and forth quickly is really useful. Now, the one thing that's missing here is a viewfinder. So, if you're shooting outdoors or in bright sunlight or just doing a lot of photography in general, you're probably going to miss having an EVF. But honestly, that's why the R six Mark III exists. So, if you need a hybrid camera, get the hybrid camera. But the biggest design feature for me is the internal fan. If you shoot long videos like interviews, podcasts, or courses, you may have come across where your camera overheats after recording for a long period of time. And if you rely on your camera for professional video work, this is really the last thing you want to be worrying about. So having active cooling in a smaller full-frame camera like this makes it way more dependable for video work. Now, I did manage to get this camera to overheat under certain conditions, but we'll touch on that more later on in the video. Now, when it comes to the video quality, this is probably where the R sixV has the fewest compromises. Like I mentioned earlier, it shares the same full-frame sensor as the R six Mark III and the C50. So, while there may be subtle differences in the processing and codecs, for the most part, you can expect a very similar image. And honestly, the footage looks fantastic. There's very clean, sharp detail, great Canon colors with nice skin tones, solid dynamic range, and this is some of the best looking footage I've seen from a camera in this price range. You can shoot up to 7K, which gives you really detailed video. And that extra resolution is useful because you can crop in, reframe, stabilize, or punch in later without your footage falling apart. You also get open gate recording, which might be one of my favorite features here. So instead of only shooting a standard 16x9 frame, open gate gives you a taller image that you can crop in later. So that means you can shoot once and then later refframe for vertical content, and that just saves a bunch of time. In terms of color, this is still one of the reasons why people love Canon. The image just looks so good. Skin tones look natural, and even before grading, the footage already has a really nice starting point. You also get Canon Log 2 and Log 3 if you want more dynamic range and more control in post. Both profiles look really nice. I've been shooting more on the Canon Log 2 profile, and I think it looks fantastic. if you just want the most image quality and control over your camera that you can shoot raw video internally, which at this price point is pretty wild. Now, most people won't need to shoot RAW all the time, but for special projects like commercials, short films, music videos, this gives you a lot more room to adjust color, exposure, white balance after the fact in post-prouction. But the thing that makes this camera really stand apart is you don't need to shoot in the most demanding modes to get a great image. If you don't need to shoot RAW or you don't need 7K, you can actually just shoot in the 4K fine profile, which basically down samples the 7K image, giving you a much sharper, more detailed 4K file compared to the standard 4K video. Now, there is a trade-off when you shoot in the fine mode, and that is rolling shutter. If you ever notice this big jello or skew across your image, if you pan quickly, this is known as rolling shutter. And this is going to be much more significant in the fine mode. But if you're just shooting talking head videos or interviews, this is totally fine. 4K fine. Likewise, if you don't want to spend the time color grading your videos, you can choose a standard picture profile or even Canon's color filters to give you a cool cinematic look straight out of camera. And that's what I really like about the R sixV is it can be both. It can be simple when you need it, or if you want to really push the image, it's also capable of that. Now, you may have noticed the lens that I've paired with this camera. This is the new 20 to 50mm f4 power zoom. And overall, I actually think this lens makes a lot of sense with the R sixV. I love the focal range. The 20 mm is wide enough for filming yourself, shooting in smaller rooms, or just showing more of your environment. And then you can zoom in to 50 mm, which is just a perfect focal length for all things B-roll, tighter shots. And this lens is really lightweight and it balances very nicely on the R sixV body. Of course, the highlight feature of this lens is the power zoom. And there are a few different ways to operate it. By default, you can just turn the lens from wider to tighter and it will smoothly zoom in and out. You can also use the zoom rocker on the camera to adjust your zoom. Or if you prefer to manually zoom your lens, there is actually a mode to go into manual zoom, which is super nice and well thought out. Now, this is controlled fly by wire, so there is a little bit of a difference compared to a manual lens, but I quickly got used to how this operated and was able to adjust. Not only is power zoom a lot of fun, but there are some unique benefits of using that with this camera. Number one is if you are shooting handheld video, it actually keeps your video a lot more stable because you're not constantly having to reach around and adjust and shaking your shot. You can just kind of keep your hand on the camera and slowly adjust. And you can also pair this with a remote. So, if you want to control it from a distance, maybe you're in front of the camera. It's a really cool feature to adjust your framing when you're at a distance. Now, it's not a perfect lens. I do wish it was at an f2.8 8 rather than f4. But I understand they're trying to keep it smaller and lighter weight. But I did notice an issue where you zoom in and out really quickly. The exposure seems to shift slightly. This being a constant f4 zoom lens. It should not be losing light throughout the range, but it does seem to kind of flash a little bit. So, I'm not sure if this is something with the early firmware or just this pre-production unit, but that is something I did notice and wanted to mention. So, I want to put this camera through a series of tests just to see how well it holds up in real world situations. First, we'll test the autofocus like we're doing right now. And as you can see, not only is it tracking my face, but also my eye. And I can actually choose if I want to switch that to my other eye to make sure that is nice and focus. So, as I move forward and back, we'll just notice how well it keeps me in focus and seems to be doing a pretty good job. And as we continue test the autofocus performance, this is actually a great time to talk about how we put together our videos. With videos like these, there are oftent times when I need additional B-roll, music, sound effects to really put this whole review together. And that's where today's sponsor, Story Blocks, comes in. We use Story Blocks all the time for adding B-roll, transition, sound effects, or just adding a little extra production value when we don't have time to shoot everything ourselves. With Story Box, you get access to high quality 4K videos, sound effects, music, graphics, which we often use for the backgrounds of our videos. But I love using Story Blocks. Anytime I need some additional B-roll, let's say I want a drone shot over the ocean filming a bird. Well, I can just go to Storyblocks, type that in, download the clip, put it into my editing timeline, and I'm good to go. If you want to try Storyblocks for yourself, go to storyblocks.com/think media or check out the link in the description down below. All right, so what do you guys think of the autofocus performance? Let me know in the comments down below. Now, let's go to our next test, which is low light. When it comes to low light performance of this camera, it does have a base ISO of 800, and this is going to give you the cleanest image. And as you raise the ISO, you'll start to see more noise. But once you get to ISO 6400, the image actually starts to clean up again. Now, Canon does not claim that this camera has dual base ISO, but it's clear that they're doing some processing at this 6400, but one thing to keep in mind is you will see a lot more noise if you are shooting in RAW because the camera is doing less processing for you. So, definitely plan on doing a little dnoising in post, especially if you shoot raw in in low light. Now, a cool thing that I came across with this camera is you can actually control how much noise reduction there's in the camera. So, if you don't mind your shot being a little bit more noisy but more detailed, you can actually just lower this setting if you want that or even increase it if you want more noise reduction. So, I want to talk about stabilization on this camera. Now, this does have inbody imb stabilization which is a big improvement over the R50V which didn't. So, I love that. Also, the lens has stabilization as well. So, you get something like 7 point stops of stabilization or something like that. But anyways, in my real world to use case, I found that this camera is great when you are doing more handheld video. Could you vlog with it? Like in this case that I could do. Yes. Like you could definitely do that. It's going to be a lot more stable. This camera is probably a little bit more heavy to vlog with. So you definitely need to consider that. But as far as getting some stable video, you might notice in the corners it's a little bit warpy. People have pointed that out with previous Canon stabilization methods in the corners. But overall, I think this is a pretty solid. It's definitely an improvement over my Sony A7S3. And even if I'm just handheld getting some B-roll, which is my intended use case and where I want stabilization, is when I'm getting some handheld shots, maybe zooming in and just want the shot a little bit more steady. You can totally do that with this camera. One more thing I'll mention in terms of the autofocus. I do notice that if I'm trying to get close-up filming, sometimes the camera will choose to focus on the background and instead of the close-up object that I want to. So, I have to kind of manually set my focus to be a little bit closer and then it knows how to lock on. But sometimes the foreground is just so blurry that it doesn't know what to focus on. So, it's a little annoying thing, but the overall autofocus in that regard, it's pretty good. Now, I'll also mention when it comes to low light, you'll notice that the autofocus does struggle a bit. It could be the lens I was using and just how high of ISO I was and the low light conditions, but shooting on f4, you are going to be limited in terms of how much light is coming into the camera. If you want to get better low light, definitely use a higher aperture or wider aperture lens. But even with this lens, I got some pretty usable footage. And as long as you're not pushing the ISO past 25,600, like in some of these tests, I did 100,000, which is just I'm not sure why you would ever do that. But those are some limitations to consider if you're using this camera in low light and just the overall autofocus performance. Now, beyond image quality, the real question is what is it actually like to use this camera for longer shoots? And so far, battery life has been pretty respectable. In my testing, I just got shy of two hours on one single battery. And considering what this camera is capable of, I think that's pretty solid. Of course, if you're shooting in more demanding modes like RAW or 7K, you're going to go through battery much faster. But for normal shoots, I think one or two extra batteries should cover most people. And if you're using this in a studio or podcast setup, I'd probably just power it over the USBC and not have to worry about it. Like I mentioned earlier, this camera does have active cooling. And so I wanted to run a few overheating tests. The first of which was indoors at around 73° Fahrenheit. And I was shooting in the 4K 60 fine mode. And I chose that because it's one of the more demanding modes on this camera and therefore more likely to overheat. And for some context, the R six Mark III, which does not have any active cooling, overheated around 30 minutes in this mode. But on the RS6V, it recorded well past an hour before I even saw an overheating warning, and it only finally shut down at an hour and 40 minutes. Now, the camera does get pretty hot to the touch if you are recording this long. So, be careful, especially on the top of the camera. It does get really warm. Now, for the second test, I really wanted to stress this camera. So, I went outside, 90° weather, direct sunlight. Again, shooting in 4K 60 fine. And I did get the camera to overheat after about 25 minutes, which all things considered, I think that's still really impressive. Another thing I appreciate is when the camera does overheat, it saves the file before shutting down, which sounds obvious, but not every camera does that. Sony, but practically speaking, most people are not shooting long- form content in 4K 60 frames per second. If you're filming podcast interviews or talking head videos, you're probably shooting at 4K 24 or 30 frames per second. And in those modes, overheating is not a concern with this camera. So, for me, this is a huge advantage over the R six Mark III. Okay, so we talked a lot of good about this camera. What are some of the bad I've experienced with this camera? Honestly, I don't have a huge list of complaints. Most of the trade-offs feel pretty intentional in what you expect when you are buying this camera. But there are a few things I do want in this camera that are very video nerdy. Number one, I do wish this camera was a little bit easier to operate with one hand. There are a few times where I had to reach over to the left side of the camera to hit the menu to back out of a page. And I get it, this is not a huge deal, but if you're filming yourself or just trying to move quickly can be a little bit awkward. Number two, I would love to see shutter angle in this camera. I'm constantly switching between 24 and 60 frames per second and I have to constantly adjust my shutter speed to match. If you don't adjust your shutter properly, let's say you are shooting 60 frames per second, but you left your shutter at 1 over 50, then you are not shooting 60 frames per second, you're shooting 24. So, shutter angle just makes this whole process easier and you don't have to worry about it. Number three, I would love to see anamorphic D squeeze. Open gate makes this camera really interesting for shooting. There's a lot more affordable anamorphic lenses now, but without having this D squeeze mode, you'll need an external monitor to frame properly. And number four, I would love to see Canon bring over the C50's crop recording feature. Essentially, what this mode allows you to do is record both a normal horizontal frame and a separate vertical crop, so you can quickly upload that to social media. That feature would be so nice to have in a camera like this, especially if it worked in OpenGate. And the last thing is the lenses. Canon RF lenses are great, don't get me wrong, but there are limited options and they're generally more expensive. So, if you're planning on switching systems, you're not just looking at the body price, you also have to factor in all the lenses you might need. Now, it's time for the big question. Who should buy the Canon R6V? Well, if you're already in Canon system and if you want a video first creator camera, this is an easy camera to recommend, especially for the price. Now, $2,500 is not cheap, but for what you're getting, and compared to the rest of the market, this is an extremely capable camera, and that's why I like this camera so much. For someone like me, this feels like the right amount of camera. It's simple when you need it and powerful when you want to push it. And honestly, now I just want Canon make an APS-C version with the same body. But what do you think of the R sixV? Drop your thoughts and questions down below. And if this camera is a little bit out of your budget, I also made a full review on the Canon R50V. You can click or tap the screen right up here to check out that video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrunoPozo4Real [5 likes]: I have a C50 but I got an R6V to pair with it just for that IBIS. Now I have a cinema powerhouse as my main camera, and a trusty run and gun sidekick with the R6V. I’m excited to receive mine!
  2. @gavthane [3 likes]: 8:36 I’m not noticing this shift you’re speaking of?
  3. @ThinkMediaTV [2 likes]: What do you think about the NEW Canon R6V? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Download unlimited stock media at one set price with Storyblocks ➡︎ https://storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
  4. @Torotoro1 [1 likes]: Most people never experience YouTube the way high-end camera footage is actually meant to be seen. Watching compressed video on a phone or a small tablet completely destroys the point of discussing image quality at a serious level.
Greetings from a 65" OLED owner, where black is truly black, shadow detail actually exists, and you can immediately see the difference between proper dynamic range and washed-out compression.
Even then, YouTube still looks nowhere near as good as the original footage straight from the camera. The platform compression removes an enormous amount of texture, color depth, motion detail, and subtle gradation that filmmakers and cinematographers spend thousands of dollars trying to capture.
People showcase incredible cinema cameras with amazing codecs, lenses, color science, and low-light performance, but once the footage goes through YouTube compression and gets viewed on a tiny screen, a huge part of that magic is simply gone.
To really appreciate high-end cameras, you need a proper display, proper bitrate, and ideally the original footage — not a heavily compressed stream.
  5. @lifetimestoriesphotography [1 likes]: I hope they come up with a 2.8 20 to 50 is ..I have an r10 and for the love of all lenses I see no point to buy this camera or lense if not paired with ta good lense 😅 I do like the power zoom idea, but for heads on video my r10 or r6 is good enough with the 16 to 28 2.8 😅😅
  6. @hen913 [1 likes]: I heard the hot shoe can't be used with a flash, this true?
  7. @RF39Productions [1 likes]: Can you record internally and output to an external monitor simultaneously? Without the camera monitor turning off.
  8. @rocker250 [1 likes]: I have an old T5i and i've been wanting a new camera for short films. I don't really use photography but i don't mind if that feature exists in the device. Does anyone have an opinion About the R6 V vs Black magic products?
  9. @DTUFINOPhotography [1 likes]: I may sell my Nikon ZR and pick this badboy up. I'm a canon user and RF glass so its not an issue for me to switch... only downside i see is no shutter angle.
  10. @HiFiInsider: I like this but I have invested in e-mount lenses. :(
  11. @AusTechandNature: 7K & open Gate = same thing on this cam, full sensor output.
  12. @Jamaican55: Love the video bro the only thing is the overheat section of the video. I think a lot of people are going to think the camera just overheat BUT there’s fan settings to combat that. Most likely you had your on low for testing purposes but you should have done a test on medium fan setting or high. Nice vid bro🙏🏾
  13. @papsny: Too late in the game...
  14. @nedeljkojevtic7652: no open gate opt on 4K?
  15. @kifg19: The fact that it overheats is a no go. I’d rather have the R6 III for hybrid and buy the C50 with no overheating for video.
  16. @FunkGen: No dual native ISO
  17. @JLCinelens: Hi, great test! For the overheating test, the fan speed is set to: low, medium, or high? Thanks again :)
  18. @montezkerr2403: As a photographer and Canon user, it must be hard for camera manufacturers  to realize that average content creator cares nothing about this or any new iteration of camera. The day I went to wedding and saw a "Photographer" shooting a wedding with an I phone I knew we were entering the decline of the DSLR and now the mirrorless. The fan boys may be interested, bit the average consumer its all about the phone.
  19. @FotoKoffe: I like my r8 and iPhone but this looks like a epic vlog camera!
  20. @WindwalkerHomestead: I've always had a soft spot for canon, but I love a $700-ish price range better😉

- Which Vlogging Camera Should You Buy in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Thanks to Insta360 for sponsoring this video. So, what vlogging camera should you get as a beginner? Some cameras are really easy to use like the smartphone you already have in your pocket, and then there are cameras like this one, the DJI Pocket 3, that are literally on a gimbal and can track me around wherever I go. And then there's cameras like mirrorless cameras that really prioritize image quality and getting the best-looking results. And then there's specialty types of cameras like this one right here that are awesome for point-of-view style shots or even just capturing everyday life moments. So, in today's video, we're going to highlight four different kinds of vlogging cameras so you can choose the right one for your needs. So, the first kind of camera you should obviously consider if you're wanting to start vlogging is your smartphone. Whatever smartphone you already have is probably the best tool to start learning how to vlog. Now, for this video, I'm using the iPhone 16 Pro, and this is my dedicated phone that I use for content creation. We've also talked about the iPhone 17 Pro recently, and we really love these iPhones for their overall image quality and flexibility with different camera lenses, especially on the rear of the phone. But right now, I'm actually just using the front-facing selfie camera, and the image results look really good on these modern iPhones. Now, the main benefit of going with a smartphone for vlogging is you already have probably purchased a smartphone. You might actually be watching this video on a smartphone that's totally capable of recording in 4K quality. Plus, the learning curve is just so minimal. Most people already understand how to take photos or videos on their smartphone, so you can just hit record and leave your camera in all the automatic settings, and right out of camera, you'll get beautiful image results. You don't really have to do too much color correction to your image or anything like that. A couple things I would do though, if you are going to start vlogging on your smartphone, is first turn on a setting called enhanced stabilization. Most phones have this, and iPhones definitely have this setting. It's going to allow you to get a lot smoother motion if you're walking around for your vlogs. Like you can see right now, I'm not on a gimbal, but the image results look really smooth because I've turned on enhanced stabilization. Otherwise, you're going to get a bunch of micro jitters, which is not ideal. Secondly, I would look at upgrading your audio if you can. The internal microphones on these smartphones are honestly really solid and way better than internal mics are on mirrorless cameras even. So, you can rely on that, but if you want to, I'll link some options in the description below for upgrading your audio to like a wireless microphone solution. I think that's one of the best options and there's lots of affordable wireless mics. I will link some options down in the description below. And finally, I love these little vlog sticks that allow you to get additional reach out of your camera while you're vlogging and it allows you to put your arm in a more comfortable position, but get proper composition and it's not like too close. Like if you're vlogging like this with your smartphone, you might run the risk of like it being too close or if you have to like put your arm out, this just feels kind of weird and gets tiring. Instead, you can use one of these vlog sticks and it really helps put your arm in a more comfortable position if you vlog for long periods of time. So, overall, if you want to try out vlogging, I highly recommend just start with whatever smartphone you already have and you can get some pretty awesome results. Now, one of the biggest challenges when vlogging is not necessarily even image quality, but it's also just remembering to hit record in the first place. And that's where really portable and even wearable cameras like the Insta360 Go Ultra come in. They're great at capturing everyday life moments and point of view shots. I like using a camera like this just to capture those everyday life moments hanging out with my family when I don't want to bring a full-on camera and I just want something easy and portable, I reach for the Go Ultra. It's also really great for point of view work. If you're wanting to do like demonstrations or tabletop stuff or unboxing videos, the Go Ultra could be a great option because you can mount it to different parts of your body. You can mount it directly to your chest or using one of their head mounts, you can mount it that way. Lots of different ways and flexibility for mounting the Go Ultra. I'm actually training for a half marathon right now with my wife and this is a fun little camera we can take on runs and it adds basically no weight when we're running. So, this camera can shoot up to 4K at 60 frames per second. If you want to capture some nice slow-motion stuff, you can do that with the Insta360 GO Ultra. Also, this camera is super tiny. It's only 53 g if you're just using the camera alone, but it also comes with this little action pod, which is kind of like this flip-up screen monitor that makes it feel like more of a traditional action camera, and you can use that to control the entire unit and see your image when recording. Now, this camera can also pair with the smartphone app if you want to use your phone to monitor your video signal. You don't always have to use the action pod. The GO Ultra also features a removable microSD card up to 2 TB of storage that you can input to the GO Ultra. So, plenty of storage to last you multiple days of filming. Now, this camera does have multiple stabilization modes. So, if you are doing different activities, you would maybe change the stabilization mode. You could set it to the highest stabilization if you're doing like point-of-view work, action sports, you're doing a bicycle ride, or you're running with the camera, you can turn it to its highest stabilization setting. But, then if you're doing like just generic vlogging, walk-and-talk stuff, you can set it to a lower stabilization, and that should work just fine. And there's also different FOV settings. If you want a wider field of view, depending on what you're recording, you can set it to that. Or, if you want less distortion, and you want it to look more like real life, a more standard focal length, you can change it to a more narrow field of view, and that might actually be better, depending on what you're recording. Now, the GO Ultra can also pair wirelessly to their Mic Air, and that's what I'm using to record this portion of the video. So, all the audio you're hearing right now is just this little microphone I have right here. Uh not even clipped onto me. I'm using it just kind of as a handheld microphone here in the Portland Airport. And the Mic Air does come with a USB-C option as well if you want to pair it with smartphones, but I'm just doing this wirelessly with the built-in audio receiver that the GO Ultra has. Price point for this is only $449, and you get the action pod as well as a wrist strap and a couple other accessories as well for the GO Ultra. And it's actually the most affordable camera out of all of the cameras we're comparing in this video. So, the Go Ultra isn't really trying to replace your mirrorless camera or your smartphone or even the Pocket 3. It's serving a distinct role of capturing those everyday life moments in the smallest, most portable package. It really allows you to capture those daily life moments that you wouldn't probably film otherwise. If you're interested in the Insta360 Go Ultra, we'll link it down in the description below along with all of these cameras we feature in today's video. Now, I just got to my hotel room in Vegas for the work trip that I'm on for Think Media, but our next camera that I'm actually using for this portion of the video is the DJI Osmo Pocket 3. And you can see it's literally able to track me right now because this camera is actually on a physical gimbal that can rotate 360° to track different subjects, but also just get you the most stable possible footage that you can capture while recording vlogs because it's actually a piece of hardware that stabilizes the camera rather than just software. So, you really can get super smooth shots. Now, if you didn't know, DJI actually recently released the DJI Pocket 4, but it's actually impossible right now to get in the United States. So, the Pocket 3 is still a viable option for this sort of camera form factor, but there's also a camera called the Insta360 Go 3, which is essentially the Pocket 3 that you could look at if you wanted a different option. And even Insta360 is creating their own versions of this pocket-style camera. But, the Pocket been around for a while at this point, so we'll just use this as the case study for this type of vlogging camera. My favorite way to use the Pocket 3 is for traditional vlogging, especially vlogging that involves movement where I either want to position the camera in one location and I want to move around, move to left and right, forward and back because it can automatically track you. Or even if I am walking around with the camera itself, you do get really smooth vlog shots because of that gimbal. This camera also produces a really nice image. It's one of the best images out of a small portable vlogging camera. It can shoot in 4K up to 120 frames per second, so this will get you some ultra high frame rate shooting for really slow motion clips. But honestly, I really hardly ever use higher frame rates with this camera and I'm typically only shooting in 4K at 24 or 30 frames per second for all of my standard vlogging. The screen on the Pocket 3 is also really interesting because it can really quickly go from vertical to horizontal orientation. And you can actually set the camera so that when you flip and rotate the screen, it will actually rotate the orientation that you're recording as well. So, if you want to record a vertical clips for social media, you can flip it into vertical orientation and it'll start recording that way. And if you want wide screen for long form YouTube videos, then you can have it in the horizontal mode. Or if you want to lock the orientation, you can also do that as well. But kind of a cool feature. There's also a combo kit that you can purchase that comes with an extended battery, which also acts as a grip, which I really like using actually. When you only use the Pocket 3 itself, it's kind of a small stick design that's a little bit hard to hold with two hands. And when you add this extended battery grip, not only do you greatly improve the battery life of the Pocket 3 and it becomes one of the best options for all-day battery life if you want to vlog for multiple hours. And that battery also gives you a nice grip to hold on to. And then there's also a mini tripod that you can screw on the bottom of the battery handle to set the Pocket 3 up on different surfaces if you want to go hands-free. And the Pocket 3 can also work wirelessly with some of DJI's different microphones. I'm using the DJI Mic 2 for this video because that's what comes with the combo kit, but it'll also work with the DJI Mic Mini and the DJI Mic 3 if you'd prefer to use those wirelessly. Price for the Pocket 3 has actually been all over the place over the last couple years. It's gotten as high as like $900 for the Pocket 3 and it's been out of stock. But right now, they're actually back in stock in America. And price-wise for the combo kit is only $570. So, it's one of the best prices we've seen in the last couple of years to grab the combo kit right now. So, if you're specifically somebody who wants to do walk-and-talk style vlogging and have the smoothest possible results while you're doing that, I think the Pocket 3 is a fantastic option. The only real trade-offs with the Pocket 3 are the design is a little bit awkward if you're not used to recording with this sort of style. It is a little bit of an awkward style camera to carry around, and it's not as portable as something like the GoPro Ultra or a smartphone. And at the same time, it's not as big as a mirrorless camera option, but you also don't get the same level of image quality with like a high-level point-and-shoot or mirrorless camera. It kind of sits right in between those. So, the Pocket 3 is a really unique style of camera, but one that really solves the job of walk-and-talk style vlogs and getting really smooth-looking vlog shots really well. Now, finally, this last kind of camera is maybe in the first thing that people think about when vlogging, which are mirrorless or larger point-and-shoot cameras that really prioritize maximum image quality, but honestly have like the minimal level of convenience when it comes to practically getting out and vlogging on an everyday basis. Now, the camera I'm using for this video is the Sony ZV-E10 Mark II, and the image quality is gorgeous. Every time I film with this camera, I'm really shocked at just how beautiful the image results actually are. Because this camera has the largest sensor out of all of the cameras on our list, you're going to get really great depth of field and image performance. And if you're somebody who wants to color grade your footage and shoot in like a flat picture profile, this camera can shoot in 10-bit color, which is really impressive. When you choose a really good point-and-shoot or mirrorless camera, something you also get is way better low-light image performance. So, if you're somebody who likes to vlog at nighttime or vlog indoors in darker environments, a mirrorless camera with a larger sensor is going to perform a whole lot better than some of these other cameras we talked about earlier in the video because these other cameras have such tiny little sensors, they perform a lot worse in lower light conditions than something like a ZV-E10. Mirrorless cameras also allow you to swap different lenses on your body. So, for this video, I'm using the Viltrox 9 mm lens, which is a really fun wide-angle lens, but I can put any lens that I want on this camera, which is really cool to get different creative looks and use this camera for more than just vlogging. I will say though, it gets pretty fatiguing holding a rig like this for any extended amount of time, so something you should be aware of. A lot of these other cameras are way more portable and easy to carry around. Now, of course, image results will look fantastic on a camera like this, but you are sacrificing a lot of the portability factor and trying to carry a camera like this, you're going to have to like bring a backpack around to carry all of the accessories. Versus something like the Go Ultra can throw right in a pocket or your smartphone you might already have on you to begin with. So, portability and convenience is really what suffers when you vlog with a mirrorless setup. So, which one of these cameras is right for you? Well, if you're a total beginner and you don't really have anything to begin with, then totally just start with your smartphone. I think it's a great entry point, especially if you pick up a couple of affordable accessories like a really budget wireless microphone and a little vlogging stick. If stabilization and walk-and-talk vlogs are important to you, I think the Pocket 3 is a fantastic choice. If image quality is priority, look for a mirrorless camera like the ZV-E10 II or the Canon R50V or PowerShot V1 are also very great options. And if you want maximum portability and convenience for point-of-view shots or everyday life moments, something like the Go Ultra is a great option. Again, if you're interested in picking up the Insta360 Go Ultra, we'll link it down in the description below as well as all of these other cameras that we featured in today's video. If you want to check out another video from us, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SabinaMaj-i8g [6 likes]: I've tried several vlogging cams and always found myself looking better in go ultra. Plus, it's reasonably priced in deed. Already a fan of it!
  2. @Jucohrro.0 [5 likes]: Great breakdown! What you said about go ultra is exactly my feeling and experience. It's so covenient and stable for shooting pov vids!
  3. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: Which of these camera's did you like best? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Check out the Insta360 GO Ultra  here 👉https://geni.us/0iSw . 🎁 First 30 orders will get a FREE Gift Insta360 Mic Air as well!
  4. @workshopguy [3 likes]: One thing I wish you guys would address when you're reviewing cameras is whether or not they can be used without having an app installed on your phone. Not long ago we purchased a DJI camera only to find we couldn't even turn it on without downloading a phone app from their website. This was a deal breaker for us as there is NO REASON to REQUIRE a phone app to use a camera other than for data mining purposes. We reboxed it and sent it back. A camera should be a stand alone unit. NOT something that requires a phone app. This is good, relevant information that you could be providing on these camera reviews and comparisons. Do the Insta360 cameras have the same requirement?
  5. @bennir3297 [3 likes]: I have a Sony ZV1 for my vlogging video
  6. @Lady_Mersin [2 likes]: 6:56 How can it be “impossible to buy” if I was able to freely buy this camera even in Russia?
  7. @SickCallRanger [2 likes]: New channel after a long time of putting it off. Your videos are super helpful 👍🏼
  8. @angelicoluigi3735 [2 likes]: What about those who don’t have a budget for any gadgets except a simple smartphone/ android phone?
  9. @shanescarlife [2 likes]: I just got the Canon R50V
  10. @Drewthadrilla [2 likes]: perfect video perfect upload date and time i love you my man
  11. @Ibo_Rivera [1 likes]: How do you feel about the Sony 7av?
  12. @Bettyevana-r9d [1 likes]: you comeing ethiopia my brother
  13. @Bettyevana-r9d [1 likes]: wow my friend I live in ethiopia how are you all of pease
  14. @bubbafinsterbushgolf [1 likes]: Can you make a Best golfing setup? Camera, audio, and software
  15. @CubeNNoodles [1 likes]: Bro if you give me a Sony camera I will subscribe peassss
  16. @MasibagChannel [1 likes]: Lets Go Lets Grow
  17. @benflee [1 likes]: I wish you mentioned the Pocket 4 but Yeah 😢
  18. @haininhphung: I would like to switch from an iPhone 15 to a new camera for my vlog. But it is not easy to decide to buy my first camera. 🥹
  19. @Lukes_Textiles: POCKET 3 combo  IS $769 on Amazon 5-10-26
  20. @ZaneCoachesYoutube: as someone who posts about and teaches this stuff i disagree about your point on the importance of buying new vlogging gear. i think that focusing on your conversion systems is more vital than actually upgrading your camera. i talk about this more on my channel.

- What's Actually Working on YouTube in 2026 (AI, Shorts & Live Streaming): Kind: captions Language: en So, if you been trying to get ahead on YouTube, but you been frustrated because the platform's changing, views are down, and there's a lot of new features, this is the video for you cuz I got Roberto Blake dropping pure game, no fluff. Let's dive into it. >> You got to just press record. Roberto, my first question for you is what's the most underrated AI tool or workflow that creators should be using right now? When it comes to ideation, you know, I've coined topic, title, thumbnail, and timing, and that's been an industry staple. So, it depends on what tool you're going to use to address each of those problems. YouTube has Ask Studio, which most people don't know about, and it's $0. So, it's a $0 solution. That's probably where people could start with YouTube Ask Studio. It goes off of your own data. The limitation is it will not tell you about your competitors or other people in other niches. So, then your next option is people would go to the general broad AIs of like Claude, ChatGPT, or Gemini, but that's not going to be YouTube-specific context unless you already have YouTube-specific information to give it. So, the better option there is to use a tool like either VidIQ, which sponsors you, or one of 10 who I've worked with. And so, those would probably be your two best tools to do competitor analysis and research to qualify your topics, build out your content pillars, or even get inspired for outliers. And then when it comes to titles, you can either use a tool or you could just check your own gut with a tool. And then after that's thumbnails. For thumbnails, you could go the hand-crafted route with some AI supplementation. If you're already using Canva or Adobe, both of them let you work by hand with AI-assisted tools as well. Or you could use one of these AI image generators. You could use Adobe Firefly. You could use ChatGPT's image 2.0. You could be using Nano Banana. You could be doing anything you want there. I would try >> into your last thumbnail? Like text stack? For me, and the way it's probably going to go from now on, is I'm combining my handcraft with AI for some speedier things. I don't do the photo retouching myself anymore, even though I could, because why am I going to spend 20 minutes on retouching a photo of mine, or even 5 minutes, when it can be done in seconds? So, I'm using some of these things for speed, and now I just move myself to being an art director, as if I had a team of people working under me. The retouching person, the whatever person. So, you're operating inside of Photoshop with Adobe AI tools. Is that your main platform? >> That's my main platform personally. If I need something really quick on the fly, because I already have my own photos, like studio headshots, put into this thing, and it knows my YouTube channel, for that, I'm using 1010. Must-have creator tools for packaging and getting more views. Ask Studio, which is free, and that is already just embedded in the back end. You can start talking to basically AI chat that's connected to your YouTube analytics. You're then saying, "The problem is, though, if you want to actually do competitor analysis, you could you could use VidIQ or uh 1010. I mean, 1010 I'm sure does other stuff as well, but Outliers is the big concept of 1010, right? Absolutely. And so, outlier research, that was all for You talked about two big problems, ideation, titles, but then the second one would be retention and storytelling or video editing. I always say that retention is structure, script writing, storytelling, and style. And I think that AI can help you there. A lot people try to have it do everything. I think that where it can really help you is just kind of even fine-tuning the structural breakup of your videos, cuz I think it's hard for people to just kind of maintain steady beats and energy and break their video idea or concept up into sections. The other thing is, it could be good for research, but it's better actual ability is to help you figure out the logistics of even executing your video idea in terms of what it's going to take in terms of the physical ability to do the idea that you had in your head and to plan out the execution of it and to give you a procedural for that. >> So, what would you say to someone who's listening, they've heard of some different AI tools, but they're feeling overwhelmed by AI tools? If they're part-time and they're like, "Okay, do I use Gemini or do I use Claude for my writing or do I use ChatGPT and how many pro accounts do I need and I'm trying to budget?" What advice would you give somebody? >> I would tell everybody to actually see if they're even maxing out the limitations of the free accounts at $0. And then instead of feeling overwhelmed, recontextualize how you're thinking about this. AI gives you the ability to compete with someone who has a team. So, all these different individual tools, stop thinking about tools in your tech stack that are overwhelming you and treat them like independent freelancers or contractors. Treat each of these tools like a team member now. What is one AI tool or AI workflow that has saved you the most time this last year? I would probably say that it's Adobe Podcast Enhance, but also that's built into Adobe Premiere Pro as well. >> also free? So, that one's free if you as long as you have an email address. So is Adobe Firefly for generating images. >> Adobe Firefly is free? If you have an email sign up. Now, there are limited credits for the free account just like all these other things, but there's a free tier of it. But so, I would tell people for that, instead of like, "Oh, it's going to do all the work and do my thumbnail for free." Think about this, it could just actually finally do some of the photo retouching highlights and do the re-lighting and even just doing that would make your thumbnail like a hundred times better. What would be the fastest way to use simple photos on their phone and to retouch, re-light them for as cheap as possible? I would go into that or even into Gemini or ChatGPT, the even the free tiers of those and one of these image generators and I would basically just tell it to um retouch your photo and to focus on sharpening the eyes, hair, lips, um and nose and I would tell it to um bump up contrast and just make this more attractive while not structurally altering my face or anything about me. So, do you think Have you looked at your viewership? Do you think your largest viewership's on TV? Everyone's saying that's where the viewership is. I mean, isn't it true though it's still distributed across multi-platform? The YouTube of 2016 is not the YouTube of 2026. In 2016, you remember this, Sean, streaming was not a big deal on YouTube and the streaming culture hadn't exploded yet. With all these people like Kai Cenat, IShowSpeed, and so on and so forth. Same thing for short form. Yeah, short form platforms exist, but Vine went under in like 2016. So, YouTube was a monopoly of long-form content and was the monopoly of internet attention. If we're going to watch the lean-in content that's visually stimulating, we want to watch it on the biggest screen we have and that's our 60-70 inch TV, not our 5-inch phone. The shift and the schism in YouTube happens because device context now really matters in terms of what's the best experience on every device and then that changes what formats and what content people preference on those devices, when they watch and how they watch. And YouTube also changes what it serves you based on what device you're watching on, during what time of day you're watching on. So, what would you say are your best practices for anybody that wants to get results with live streaming? One, treat it not like an afterthought and not like a throwaway disposable video. When you do live streams, keep replay value in mind of people replaying and rewatching it. Keep repurposing value for multiple formats and multiple platforms in mind from the very beginning. Keep reaction value in terms of having things in your content that other people could react to, clip, and share on your behalf. And then also have reshare value for other people to say, "You have to watch this thing that I watched. You have to give me your feedback, your opinion, or we have to watch this thing and we have to debate about it, whatever it is. Or oh, you got to see this funny moment or clip. So, you want those four Rs in place when you're streaming. What size is it okay to start streaming? Day zero. Day zero, even with nobody there? Especially with no one there, because that's how you're going to get in your reps and your practice. You don't want people there when you're doing your dress rehearsal, if we're being honest. I'm very bullish on this concept of device context is actually going to be more important than format, and YouTube is kind of even with this proving it by universalizing the format to say, you choose what the best experience to consume this content in is for you. Future looks bright on live streaming, and and then you also drop in this nugget of format is a strategy, but you're saying context. >> Device context. >> Planning your content, knowing how it's going to be perceived and consumed on devices. From a content strategy standpoint, I think that you should actually be diversifying even within your content pillars across your formats and device pillars in terms of, okay, here's my long-form and I know it's going to be on people's TV screens, computers, and phones. And so, regardless of what device they're on, here's how I'm going to make the video, structure the video for a lean-back experience. If you are the kind of person who is making content where you have that going on, then your community's going to love it whenever you go live, because now it's a special event. Whether you're doing that weekly or twice a month or once a month, it's now a special event, and they're also going to want the clips and the shorts from that special event, the same way that they watch clips out there from live events and when people go and do tours, concerts, or what have you. So, you're setting yourself up for multi-format and you're being intentional, and so there's plenty of stuff for them to watch on any device in any format. What do you think about the channel collab feature? Does it lead to more views? I everybody I've seen using it even people use it on their own channels. >> Right, between two of their own channels. It's been massively successful for them. I've seen people finally scale their second second channels to start getting views on the level of their main channels. I've seen people revive channels with this. Um it's been functionally very well and I think it brought collaborations back to YouTube in a big way that we hadn't seen before because between the pandemic and like cancel culture collabs seemed to go away from the fabric of what, you know, made YouTube great and now it's back. So, we're talking about all kinds of uh new things. You dropped a bunch of live streaming game. There's some new live streaming features. Um and I would love to talk about shorts. I have a massive opinion. Do you think shorts hurt people's channels and killed channel growth? It depends on how they're executed and it depends on whether the channels actually had momentum or not. Uh what what I will tell you is this. Another thing with um shorts and where I don't feel it hurts channels is a lot of people's expectation of it and the reason it feels like it's hurting and underperforming is they're treating it like a derivative of YouTube long form instead of treating it like it's own thing. It has its own best practices. You also don't need to put in the same editing criteria into a short that you do a long form cuz it's a different audience. The structure is different. The even the hook like with a regular YouTube video, you have 8 to 15 seconds to hook somebody. With a short, it's two to five. The structural difference in short form from long form is radically different so you have to build a short form mindset for creating content. You can't just piggyback off all the best practices of long form, that's hurting people a lot. There's also the output frequency. The optimum output frequency for short form, you can tell people never bothered to try Instagram or Instagram stories or Snapchat or TikTok and that they just started short form from a YouTube long form mindset. Sean, the output necessary to really truly be successful with shorts, unless you're a great cinematographer like Max the Meat Guy, and he's just a unicorn, unless you're that, the output amount is really a minimum of three to five shorts a day, and the optimal amount would be five to 12 a day spread out over 30 minutes to an hour of releasing each short. We talked earlier about second channels. There seems to be a buzz right now. It's still probably underground for 99% of listeners, but like you could call it a second second channel strategy. So, break down your understanding of a second channel. Old school, people had sometimes make main channel vlog channel. Second channel might have been a hobby or an expression, but what we're talking about is there's like it's like a strategy people are doing. Think of it like this. They're expanding the franchise, but they're not changing the category. So, what they're doing is instead of going, "Oh, I had the main channel and now here's the personal channel for you to get to know me as a person." No. What they're doing is they're just giving you another way to interact with exactly the same thing, the same value proposition as the first channel, but now they're just changing the style or format of the output, and that's why it's just this higher signal because it's moving away from the what appeals to the commons to appealing to the denser part of their audience, and it's a franchise that expands from the one that instead of the 1,000 true fans philosophy, what if you had 100,000 real players? So, what do I mean about real players? Play long-term games with long-term people. So, the basis of the 1,000 true fans, those are your loyal ride or die super fans. Now, what if you had an extension of that that 10x's twice over? That's how you get to 100,000. Why do you need 100,000? That seems like a big number. Because even if people are real players in intentionality and they're aligned on values and they recognize the value and the quality of what you're providing, they may not be ready yet at scale, but here's the key. >> So, it's a lower level than a true fan? No, it's actually a true fan, but they aren't at the level of commitment that turns them into your highest ticket customer, but they are someone who can qualify to be a customer. In fact, this content is qualifying them further and taking them to where they can afford the high ticket or to go deeper or the next investment because all right, they already know you because the main surface level content. They've gone now here where it's like you do lower lift, you don't have to do as much to attract them. You're now in retention mode. It's like, okay, the main channel attracted you. This thing though retains you because you've graduated to where you're absorbing more value, you qualify for higher value, but that doesn't mean that you qualify for higher products yet, but you could. So, when is somebody ready for the second channel strategy? I give the advice to a lot of beginners like when they're just starting to not start two channels cuz it's hard enough to run one. It would seem that a lot of people that are that are more professionals, they might have teams or they're delegating to editors or some different things. Who's ready for a second channel strategy? If you have people on payroll already and you don't feel like they're absolutely working themselves to the bone and they're already on payroll or you've optimized your system so well to where they have all this extra time and they're like, oh, boss, I want to put a little bit more quality and craft into what I'm doing, move them to a second channel. Go ahead and use a second channel and then say, "Guys, I don't need to squeeze 10 or 20% more quality out of this cuz it's not going to double our view counts. But if I take that same leftover energy and we just have more content going out and we have it on another channel here, then we're going to literally double their our money and I can pay you more cuz now we'll just have more content going out the door and you don't have to put in the same level of effort to this but the same intention." As one of the OGs in the creator economy who's gone through the ups and downs of life, energy moving, challenges, consistency, how do you think about being consistent? I know I mean, I follow your stuff online, so you'd mentioned you now you're building AI software, you have a live show, you've had certain seasons where you've been more consistent. Multiple channels, short form, long form, live streaming, what is your current perspective for yourself personally? How are you staying consistent? For the solo and working class content creator, one of the reasons I'm so passionate and bullish about AI is that it can get people through those tough seasons if they can optimize, if they can put out more content, if they can have more momentum. For the people who can't afford or haven't gotten to that team level yet, AI is the competitive advantage for them and it really can scale that working class content creator who only has 10 hours a week, 20 hours a week. It's really there for them. For that person, I'm not telling you to take yourself out of your content, but if there are things that it allows you to show up in the way that you need to instead of not at all. So I would say from my own experience, the things that have helped me in times of consistency is you rise or fall to the efficiency of your systems, but also your support. The thing that will help you be consistent is you have have a structure, orderly life, but if you don't have the structure and boundaries, if you don't have systems so that when you are starting something, you're not starting from scratch every single time with your very limited resource of time and your limited bandwidth, energy, attention. You know, especially if you're working-class creator who has a family, then you have all these competing priorities. So, what's so wrong about using a supplemental system? It's not about outsourcing all of it. It's about What about making up the difference because your battery's running low? How is that unreasonable? Why not yourself and do that? So, that's my point of view that loops everything we talked about. It was a lot of threads to connect. I think I brought it all back together. So, if I want to be more consistent than when I want to be, it's systems, structures, support, and strategy. If you have those things nailed, then you're going to do well. You mentioned Clippers earlier. This is maybe a new concept for people. Clippers as a type of creative, a whole network. Explain the concept. You know, I think it was an interesting one. There's There's the Logan Paul impulsive podcast. Oh, he had Joel Osteen on and he was like, "Hey Joel, you should get some Clippers." So, Logan Paul told Joel Osteen, "Do you have Clippers?" He goes, "What's a Clipper?" >> Like, you're doing a great job of meeting them where they are, you know, but you we got to get the Clippers going for you. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Yeah, Clipper army. We got to get you the Clipper army. Y'all got to help me. Yeah. Y'all got to So, um a Clipper would be There's a couple of ways to approach this. For streamers, they've been doing this for a while and they tasked their mods with being Clippers and finding the best parts of their live stream, chopping those up to clips and distributing them. Um not only for the >> on different channels. Different channels, different accounts. >> the clips on the >> Not just on the creator's account, but they're also what the lot of them do is they say, "Hey, I just want more people to see me and I want more distribution. I want infinite scale and therefore what the creator is doing is paying them for every 100,000 views that they're um that they generate like aggregate. So, freelance video editors work with channels of any size And but usually the more popular ones, but yeah. >> paid per view. Yep. So, there are freelance clippers that work for Mr. Beast. Mhm. I mean, you'll see people in the comments they're like, "Yeah, I got $1,000." >> An army of them, yeah. >> army of them. So, people doing it this at the highest level, there's some some entrepreneurs that maybe have money they really want to spend on personal branding. Spend $10,000 a month, $100,000 a month. >> Imagine spending 50 bucks for 100,000 views and they're real views, they're they're organic, all algorithmic driven because you're like >> I mean, the numbers range, but 50 bucks for 50,000 views sounds like a great deal. >> 50 bucks for 100,000 views. $50 for 100,000 views. >> That is a real number and that's on the higher end in some cases. In some cases. There's some people who get more than that, by the way. Some people get more, some people get less. Usually people from their own community So, imagine that your favorite creator puts out a call for clippers or they go through a website um where Oh, and that's my favorite one of my favorite creators. And so, imagine you're a fan of Logan Paul or IShowSpeed or KSI or Mr. Beast and then you realize, "All right, I'm going to be given permission to make a Mr. Beast or Logan Paul fan account and I get to keep all the revenue I generate and I'll get paid for performance." So, for people that are hearing about this the first time, it it could be argued that like an individual like a Luke Belmar. But, we'll talk about I think he might have been spending 10K to $100,000 a month in clippers. And so, think about like this. If you're getting billions of views of attention and you I you and I know that with short form especially, cuz we know now we have the data now. YouTube didn't put this data out there before, but now we know we see new viewers, casual viewers, returning viewers. If you're doing like if you have 100 kids working for you that each are pulling in a million views a month. You're getting 100 million views a month. Yeah. For not a lot of money. You can't buy regular ad distribution and get 100 million views for $5,000 a month from Google. Big key is to fuel the clippers is not just the content A, but content that's clippable and these Now, some of these clippers might be able to make magic happen better than you could have ever imagined, but nevertheless, it's still predicated on the input. >> Exactly. Garbage in, garbage out. So then, you already spent money. See, this is just long tail extending your investment. You put money into the beautiful studio, the work that you're doing, maybe you have a co-host podcast locations, um whatever your interviews, whatever you're doing. You put money into that. Now, you're expend you're extending the lifespan of that investment because you're scaling it past just what your own account generates now. Yeah. Because now you have an army of 100 150 clippers out here. You put a couple thousand bucks and for these kids, it's good money for them. And they like doing it and it's building their portfolio and they could be working for multiple people. And they can gain this distribution. They could be using Opus Clip for example and they could be having five, six, seven accounts each themselves. So like, yeah, you have 100 clippers. Every one of those clippers for all you know has 10 accounts cuz that's how they're getting you the aggregate of their views. Yeah, yeah. Do so many outputs that it would be unreasonable for you to fail. We already said that short form, the optimal for it is like 10 plus a day if you're really going to go hard. These kids are money hungry and incentivized to do that and to have multiple accounts. You could do 10 a day on 10 accounts. So now you have 100 kids putting out 100 videos each a day. Yeah. And they either perform or they don't because that's how they get paid. Let's say because they all want to make some decent money and you're paying 50 bucks for a 100,000 views, all of them want to get 500 bucks. So, all of them have a real incentive to try to get you like a million views every month each. So, now you have 100 million views on the line in the pipeline. Sean, what percentage of that, if you have any kind of reasonably priced mid to high ticket offer, do you need to convert out of 100 million views? How many of what percentage of that do you need to convert to make real money? So, you take 100 million views multiplied by .01 is a million people would be the Yeah, that would potentially convert on something. Let's just take it two zeros down to 10,000 customers generated off of 100 million views. Like, that's like barely This thing's barely working. Okay? So, that's like not even .1% It's like, um, you know, a fraction of that. But, still 10,000 customers. If you sell anything at all in the world, you are doing just fine. And the sheer volume and scale of attention that that can now back channel to your main content in the first place, if even, um, a percentage of that, a 1% of that translated back to your own main channel's long-form, you just add a million views to your pipeline. If you have, uh, even halfway decent RPM on YouTube, you just made profit off the money you spent for the clipping distribution. And that's at a 1% back channel conversion rate to long-form views. Number one. >> Clipping Industrial Complex. >> The Clipping Industrial Complex, knowing what's happening in the creator economy. Number two, um, you can think about applying that. And everything's like factors of scale. Opus Clip, which by the way, you know, we've worked with Opus Clip in the past, but it's one of our favorite softwares. Our affiliate link will be in the description. Roberto's got a bunch of resources as well in the description. And as usual, my name is Sean Cannell, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel. And I can't wait to connect with you in a future episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [14 likes]: What is your biggest take away from the tips shared? Let us know below ⬇
⭐Our free YouTube growth class reveals 3 essential secrets we're using to get more views, subscribers, and income—watch here ➡ http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @deadringer-cultofdeathratt8813 [1 likes]: Robertooo
  3. @StonerBob710: Cat's rule and so Hectorpoo Cat is a great channel.
  4. @geminijonny: wow i missed this one, love these two! I've learned so much from both of you. Glad you could sit down for this one!
  5. @TheBlushBunny: Think Media and Roberto?… let me go grab my notebook 🚶🏾‍♀️
  6. @joshymcguire: Promoting AI to CREATORS is insane! You're either totally tone deaf or don't care about the future of the industry at all. Just because these tech billionaires try to force it into every part of our life, doesn't mean we have to just rollover and play an active real in our own demise. The amount of people that happily play along with a tool that the billionaires have said out loud is supposed to replace us is terrifying.
  7. @redromina: Love that you brought in Roberto for this! 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @SpecialGamer0: It's kinda sad how there's no creative expression anymore. Just an optimization fest to tick all the boxes to get the most views.
  9. @Lofistl: 3 shorts a day huh? Yeah no. I’m not doing that. And I see zero crossover from shorts to long form. Also I can get 100k+ on IG and TT no problem but if I cross post that same content to YT it gets 1k views and dies. The juice ain’t worth the squeeze bro. I’m never posting another short on this platform again.
  10. @TheProverbiallife: So much gold here. Thank you, both.
  11. @swisscheese2705: Hard to follow. Too complicated.
  12. @doughdash: Roberto is THE MAN!!
  13. @GaryMichaels1980: Great video , thank you guys 🙏
  14. @CinemaRecapStories: This interview is eye opening 👁️ 👁️. Thanks for sharing helpful video ❤❤❤
  15. @onwrdandupwrd5303: I barely recognise that guy without his hat on
  16. @TheParentTap: Love the tips here. Growing, iterating and learning as I go.
  17. @eecorr: The 'Clipping Industrial Complex' strategy is a total game-changer for 2026. For those of us doing long-form tutorials or performances, finding ways to leverage AI for Shorts is the only way to stay consistent without burning out.
  18. @NINguem202X: Illiterate people didnt need this nerdy stuff and exploded on YT. If you got it, you got it pal. Dont go crazy over data.
  19. @AJ_Alive: I’ve just started a channel only 38 subs guess it’s a long long game this YouTube stuff!
  20. @FractalVideoShufflr: Cannot wait until creators are mentioning our software too in order to speed up your video creation process!

- The Real Reason Your Videos Don’t Get Views: Kind: captions Language: en Everybody's got an idea. You record it, you edit it, and then you sit there and you post it, and then it does something like this. We're losing subscribers. It's underperforming our channel's average. It doesn't matter how good your video is. If people choose not to click on your video, they're not going to even watch your video. Before we even press record is what will our title and our thumbnail be. And so today we're going to talk about how we actually do this whole process here at Think Media. How we think about planning, not just production and cameras and tech, but also how we analyze videos to then inform our next iteration of planning. So we just got back from NAB where we had the opportunity to speak at the Hollyland booth, sharing how we plan and make videos here at Think Media. There's so much valuable information and we just want to bring that here for you guys. In this video we're going to break down why videos don't perform even if the content itself is good, why your title and thumbnail matter more than you might think. Like in this example, we simply changed the thumbnail and that helped get this video over 600,000 views. So without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in. Here at Think Media we have a three-part framework when we're trying to identify what goes into the video. There's the concept, click, content. Concept simply put is what video are you making? What we need to think about is how we take that idea and actually make it interesting. What would actually get them to click on the video? And then the content might be more of your structure of your video. How you're going to keep people watching it throughout the entire time. Let's talk about the concept first. What's your big idea? All right. So if I want to do a video about what are the best cameras for YouTube, people have pain points of like what camera they should buy and in different price brackets. There's also different levels. There's beginners, there's pros. So all these questions we're factoring in. Is there verifiable demand? Um obviously you can just go to the YouTube search bar, see if there's videos relevant to this topic that are actually getting viewed, getting seen. Otherwise, like we might have a cool video idea, but people are not interested in watching it, and that can lead to a video flopping cuz simply people are not interested in it. Our strategy when it comes to planning out content, we use Milanote as one of our workshops, and this is very visual, which is helpful for me. But, we have our competition, we do something called Title Crew, which we'll break down. We'll even search thumbnail inspiration with all of our video ideas. We haven't even recorded it yet. A lot of people will come up with idea, they'll hit record, they'll edit, then they think about Okay, what am I What is my title? What is my thumbnail? We'll do all of this before we even start. What we do is competitor analysis. I'm actually using a reference from our channel. Uh we did a video 3 years back. I actually edited this video, Genius YouTube advice for 15 minutes straight. This did really well, 1.5 million views on our channel. It's definitely a standout. And so, what goes into this? Um I edited this video for Think Media, but at the time I still have my own personal channel and still running that. And I wondered I haven't seen this done in the filmmaking niche. So, I made this video, Filmmaking advice for 30 minutes. So, I went longer, and the interesting thing about this is people This video doesn't exist on YouTube. If you search like you could get general advice, but nothing like this or compiled with actual advice that's beneficial towards beginner filmmakers, aspiring filmmakers. And for me, with a channel at the time was probably like 30,000 subs, that got 568,000 views. So, that was proven that that format, that title topic could be inspired from other niches. So, we can do the same when it comes to even other channels. Like, what is some inspiration outside of your niche that you can take inspiration from? And when you search up filmmaking advice on YouTube, my video's actually the top result. On a small channel, that is. People think YouTube is oversaturated, but there's always room for these videos, and I'm always impressed when there's still room to like have these videos ranked. I want to talk about the click. When it comes down to click as a category, we're thinking title and thumbnail. It doesn't matter how good your video is. If people choose not to click on your video, they're not going to get any value they're not going to even watch your video. So, it all comes down to the two things we hypercritically think about before we even press record is what will our title and our thumbnail be. And people do this this the opposite of the approach. They'll film their video, they don't think about how do we title it? How what thumbnail am I going to make? That's usually the last part of the process. And so, we want to flip all that on its head and think about this beforehand. So, how do we get someone to click on our video? Uh here's This is really interesting. This is behind the scenes of one of our videos. Uh we do a thing called title crew. And what I notice a lot of beginners make is they'll pick the first title that comes in their mind, and they'll run with it. But here this is just a small segment, but we have like 40 titles that we brainstormed, and multiple people multiple perspectives. Me, Craig, Kyle, we're all brainstorm for different topics coming up with slightly different um cadences. So, out of like all this list, we end up going with this one Craig wrote, I bought sketchy Amazon cameras so you don't have to. So, sketchy's a power word we want to use. We start off like cheapest 4K cameras on Amazon. That's still not really clear. Doesn't it elicit like an emotion. But sketchy cameras, like we all search on Amazon, and there's all these cheap cameras that we have no idea what the image quality's like, but they claim to have 8K video. So, we want to like kind of break and demystify that. And we even still critique the title. Um I bought five sketchy cameras as a little alteration to that. Here's a little behind the scenes when it comes to thumbnails. We're not just generating one thumbnail, we're generating multiple. Same video concept. And here we have one concept for a thumbnail, thumbnail two concept, thumbnail three. And then we'll pick our final three. We have a thumbnail designer that helps us um with the you know, graphics making all look pretty. Um and then we'll AB test three. So, out of that concepts, we'll find out with empirical data which thumbnails actually last. And that's built into YouTube's tool, so anyone can AB test titles and thumbnails now, which I highly recommend if you're unsure about a particular title or a thumbnail. You can split test it and see which ones will have better retention and actually getting some data, which is very useful. Here's This is my favorite example. Craig did this video, camera lens explained, what every beginner needs to know. I thought this video was fantastic. It goes into depth explaining everything from aperture, focus, bokeh, all the all that good stuff. But, remember this graphic we showed you at the beginning of the video? That is this video. We lost subscribers on this video, and I was super disappointed for Craig because like he put a lot of effort into it, and you guys as well put a lot of effort to your videos only for it to flop. And here's the analytics of that video. It actually was doing really well. Great retention. 35% is actually pretty decent for a long-form video like this. Average view duration So, this video itself was actually a quality video, but it wasn't getting views. So, we decided to do uh title or actually a thumbnail change. The title is great. We knew this was going to be a problem with our you know, our click. So, we changed it from this to a simple graphic here. This is more visual results driven. Here we have several different elements with cameras, lenses. There's just a little bit too much and sometimes we get a little narrow scoped on our videos where we don't realize that this is too much. And so I went into the video, screenshotted his results where he tested all these focal lengths, 11 mm, 85 mm, and we can actually visually see the differences. Here's his video. 100 days later, we switched the 600,000 views. And I think this is encouragement to you guys like you probably have decent videos in your library that you haven't Do you just don't want to have the proper click. Positioning. >> And you need the right positioning for your videos. And so this is huge just even thinking through your library how you could title it better, a better thumbnail that could actually be more clear. Um and that was one of my great examples. Now Craig's going to talk a little bit about the content section about the video and how we can keep people watching once we clicked. Yeah, so remember three C's. Concept, click and content. So this is the third thing we got to figure out for a video. What is the actual format and structure of the video going to be? There's so many different formats out there. Like all of these. Anytime we have a video idea, it can it can live in any one of This is only six types of videos that could be created. I could do a talking head, a vlog, a podcast, like faceless style video essays that Nate was talking about, reactions. There's all these different formats, but we do have to decide what is the actual format we're going to create our video. What's the best format to compete in? And then the structure, this is something we call inside of our program Video Ranking Academy, the perfect video recipe. Idea, hook, content, transition, and then every single video at the media we finish with some sort of call to action. So hey, if you just watched Nate's filmmaking tutorial video, maybe you'd be interested in this video. And we always have this kind of structure, but it's kind of a combination. I'll go back to this slide, right? Content is not just like, I'm just going to sit down and hit record. It's the format combined with the structure is actually what your video takes And we're thinking about all three of these C's right here, concept, click, and content before we even hit record on any videos. So, this is this planning phase of Think Media. There's a lot that goes into it. We spend hours and hours. We spend way more time planning videos than we do shooting. Like our filming schedule per week is like maybe 2 to 3 hours, and we're full-time employees who work over 40 hours a week. A lot of that time is planning videos. So, that's why we just spent so much time talking about it, but now let's talk about production. I think Nate, you're going to talk about a few, you know, ways we think about content in different levels. There's different levels, simple, more advanced. Nate's going to talk about that. We have this acronym called ABLS when it comes to what makes part of our video. And I've simply broken down to audio, video, lighting, and stabilization. Ideally, you want to excel in all of these, but if we had to choose one, focus on audio. Make that audio as clear as possible cuz if people can't hear your message, what's the point? And I think Hollyland has some great options here that we'll talk about and we'll be giving some away in a second round. But, um a favorite quote of mine is like, people will forgive bad video, but they won't forgive bad audio. And I think that's so true with any video that we make. Just make sure we have a good microphone clipped on even when it comes to simple content. So, there's kind of three different levels we see content as. Level one's like fast. Just grab your phone, hit record, go out, shoot your video. Um this could be as simple as like social posts or even long-form videos cuz that's the least amount of friction. We get caught up in like, what's the best camera? I need the perfect lens, but everybody everyone knows the iPhone is like amazing. And also, we're showing up the 17 Pro here, but it doesn't matter which phone you use. But we would recommend pairing it with a microphone and the Hollyland Lark A1 is actually one that is one of my favorites when it comes to just fast content. You have this little tiny charging case. Two microphones, a lightning and a USB-C that are all wirelessly charged. So when we want to shoot a short, we just plug in the little adapter to our phone, click on our mic, we know we have that 50% of the video always having good audio. And I am should we just give away a Lark A1? All right, how do we how are we going to do this? Let's do a All right, first giveaway, first giveaway and stick around. I'm glad you guys are still here. Are we having fun? Let's go. Yeah. All right, first giveaway Lark A1. The first person that can show me they are subscribed to Think Media wins the Lark A1. Is everybody already subscribed? Oh, oh, hey. Let's see, verification. We're there. Look at this and you just won the Lark A1. Congratulations, congratulations. Honestly, and Lark A1 we just showed here like you can plug it into your phone, it's a great way to get some easy Quick few specs about this. Again, it's the quickest and easiest setup. You can do mono, stereo depending you want two people on your video, you can just give them a mic, you set it to stereo and split it up. Noise cancellation, app control, the great range. This thing is $50 and it's even less on Amazon right now, but the great thing about this is like it's light, it's easy, it's simple. Lark A1 is a great option if you just want to get started. We did a video $100 studio kit featuring this microphone. I got some basic lights, basic tripod and as you can see in this video, 300,000 views just showing off a simple setup that we don't really have to overthink lights, audio. We just want to make sure we have those things dialed in. This video, yeah, we're just showing off performance. Even using a $50 mic, you can still get views and get things seen. Level two is core. Craig, do you want to take on this? >> Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so level one, smartphone. Fast. Our goal is speed. It's it's smartphone, Lark M1, you're good to go. Level two is kind of what we call core content. You're going to pair a basic camera, maybe a mirrorless camera, could be more advanced, with a, you know, mid-tier microphone. And this is what's great about Hollyland, is they have different products for different price points. So, here we're a lot of times what we'll be using, and this is one of my favorite mics ever created. Does anybody own the Lark M2 here? We got one. What? Okay, a couple people. Okay, I love this microphone. It continues to be what I would reach for time and time again for multiple use cases. What's nice about this one is it can work with cameras. So, if you're somebody who wants to, you know, not just film with your smartphone, you can use it something like the Lark M2, and it's only like $99 for the combo kit. So, you're able to get 3.5 mm receiver, as well as USB-C and lightning. And then if you want a little variation, I do really like the Lark M2 S. It's more of like the clip-on style, more professional-looking. A lot of times what I'll actually do with this microphone is I will sit at my workstation, and I will just clip this on to myself all day. And if I feel inspired, go film a reel, go film a random video. And it's just ready to go. It's very comfortable to wear. There's no logos or anything, so it's kind of discreet, which is nice. And some microphones have a lot of large branding, and this one does not have that. So, I love the Lark M2 S. And really the only difference between the two is kind of just design. One's a clip-on, and the other one is a, you know, button style. Finally, we're going to go with level three. Kind of pro-level content. Here, we love the Hollyland Lark Max 2. This is one of my favorite microphones ever created. I use this thing all of the time for different use cases, but this level three kind of content is is these formats: interviews, podcasts, live events, documentaries. I still shoot weddings. I shoot concerts all the time. Nate is a filmmaker. He works on film sets. And something like the Lark Max II is a great pro-level option. Also, the wireless headphones, like what a cool solution for people who want to be behind the Like we have Kyle, our content director, behind the camera. And right now, he's using wireless headphones. He has to be here in order to hear my audio. But, thankfully, the Lark M2 has wireless headsets, so he could be bouncing back and forth between cameras and hear all of the audio that we're capturing right now with the Lark Max II because of the wireless headphones, which is sick. And you can also pair four transmitters with one receiver, which is really cool for multi people on stage. If we had Shawn up here and Kyle, all four of us could be mic'd at the same time, running to one receiver, which is a neat feature. There's a lavalier feature, as well. And so, here's me like at a wedding I was filming and brought the the Lark Max II out with me, but I oftentimes will mic up a room, an officiant, a bride in different ways, either clip-on style or full-on lavalier, as well. But, yeah, just a pro-level microphone that you can use for multiple use cases. Some specs about it, 32-bit float transmission, which is crazy, internal recording. It's just a pro-level system that I love. I use. And like I have 32 wireless microphones. I literally did a video where I tested and compared a bunch of wireless mics. And the winner, in my opinion right now, the best one is the Lark Max II. I love this microphone a ton. It's the one I reach for. And then, of course, if you are somebody who does filming and streaming, they have a lot of webcam options. I won't spend too much time here, but the Lyra, does anybody have the Lyra? No? Nobody has the Lyra? We have the Lyra. We love the Lyra. And then, the Venus Lyra for more pro-level streaming setups is awesome. Okay, that's a lot about production. We're on the home stretch here. And we have a we have a couple more giveaways we'll do at the end with a little Q&A time. But we're going to talk about analysis here for a minute. After we've made the video and published the video, how do we analyze the performance of our content to make sure we can continue making better videos? Nate, take us away, man. Oh. I'll take that. There's a lot of metrics to pay attention to YouTube, but there's only three that really make the difference that you want to watch. Click-through rate, what we talked about how we get people to watch our videos. Well, this measures what percentage people see your video and when they click and actually watch. So, in theory, the higher the click-through rate, the better our videos will be. Um when it comes to what is a good CTR, 4 to 10% is great. 6% is excellent. 10% suggests viral potential. If you guys have a 10% click-through rate, hit me up afterwards. I'm desperate to learn. But here's the recent video that I've got around 6.3% off of a very trendy topic on a camera. So, obviously that did well. And as you notice, like as the video progresses and it gets more views, this will naturally go down. So, you might have a video that does like really well at like 10%, but then over time it will like naturally decline. And that's fine. That's just natural. The second metric is APV. So, people often talks about like average view duration. This is actually better metric, average view percentage viewed. So, when we look at how long are people actually watching our videos? So, YouTube is going to want to keep you on your platform as long as possible. So, how can your video is going to show the videos that are actually keeping people watching. When it comes to short form, want to be like 50 to 70%. That's like under 5 minutes. Long form, over 5 minutes is like 30 to 40%. YouTube shorts is pretty high percentage, like 80 to 90. Sometimes you can get like over 100 because people are watching it at multiple times. And here's a video where we're in that metric 37% on a more long-form video. So, we're fitting in that range. Now, next up what we have is our third metric, which is retention graph. Greg, do you want to take this one away? Sure. Okay, so retention graphs. There's four main kinds of retention graphs that you need to study and that will really help you understand how to make better videos. The first is the immediate drop. It's your hook. The problem is your first, you know, 20 to 30 seconds, people are not staying. So, it could be an issue with your packaging, your title and your thumbnail. Maybe it was actually really good and it baited the click. It was kind of click-baity. But once they got into the content, they left. That's the immediate dip. And if you experience those, we got to improve your storytelling, your retention in the first 30 seconds. The second would be kind of a mid-video dip. And this is interesting because maybe you said something a little controversial at a certain point and you can realize, "Hey, people decided to click off at that point." A lot of times we'll see this with ad reads if it feels very not well integrated, if it's an ad placement, you'll see the mid dip. There's also a mid-video spike, which these are fascinating to me. This is one of Nate and I's favorite things to see because that shows there's a lot of demand for that portion of the video. Which this, like if I was looking at a retention graph, I would go turn this section right here into its own piece of content. Clearly, a lot of people are interested in that and that feature of that product, if it was a camera review something, there's there's demand there for that kind of information. So, go turn it into a short or even a full-on part two video. And then the fourth, this is the ideal. It's steady retention, right? It's pretty common to see a gradual decline drop-off, but there's no big spikes or dips. This is steady retention, which is good. Now, if you do have low views, but you have a steady retention graph, it's an issue with packaging. We've got to strengthen your title and your thumbnail so we can get people into the video because they're actually retaining them for the duration of the video which is key. That's fantastic, but we've got to get the click and strengthen your packaging. Start with these three. Click-through rate, average percentage viewed, and retention graphs. And there's like 100 different metrics you can measure in YouTube, but for us, if you're starting and you're a beginner, even a pro, these three can inform a lot about how to make better videos. If there's anything you can take away from this, focus on one thing to improve every single time. So, maybe one video it's I'm going to focus on my click-through rates. Let's get a better title, a better thumbnail, and let's monitor and measure how we can improve. And at the end of the day, we're at the Hollyland booth. We love their microphones. You can always start with getting better audio. Big thanks to Hollyland for having us out at NAB. Let me know in the comments down below what your biggest takeaway from this presentation was. And if you want to dive deeper into YouTube strategy and just not sure what your next step is, be sure to check out our free quiz called the My Creator Quiz. It only takes about 2 minutes and it'll give you so much clarity on what your next step is as a creator and what you should be focusing on. Or if you want to check out more content from us here at Think Media, then check out this video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [10 likes]: What is you biggest take away from this presentation? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Take the Free YouTube Growth Assessment here 👉 https://mycreatorquiz.com/
  2. @scorpclps [10 likes]: i recently hit 250 subs!! 🎉 Thank u everyone!
  3. @BaintonTV [2 likes]: Sean, Nate, and Kraig, excellent job!  You guys aren't the 'flashiest' YT info presenters, but you have a straightforward, organized meaty content strategy, which makes your videos very helpful.  I also like the natural conversation flow without devolving into useless, unimportant chatter.  A big congrats from someone who studies and learns this stuff ruthlessly...simply wonderful to receive such competent, pro-level value!  As the Italians say, 'Perfetto!'
  4. @thecrazysniper5games177 [2 likes]: To all the new creators 2026 is our year
  5. @iloveyousoverymuchyesyou [2 likes]: hook them in with title and thumbnail BUT THEN YOU MUST deliver a relevant payoff
  6. @TravisRez [1 likes]: What about the people that are ADHD and need to record before the lose motivation and if they try and focus on planning too much first, they get burnt out by the time they’re ready to record?
  7. @abelvetlenyi [1 likes]: My biggest takeaway is that I do good but youtube hates me
  8. @RealMoneyMovesOfficial: I just started my youtube channel , so im learning. I feel like it taught me how to read my audience  better so I can at least have a general idea about what to look for in the drop and incline in my videos.  So thanks for the information. Every little bit I retain helps.
  9. @JohnHumble24: Thanks for the Video
  10. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  11. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  12. @muna-25F: Today I hit 98 subscribers 🎉thank you everyone
  13. @VikrantSharan: Useful video!!!
  14. @leonelscream: I don't even have 1 sub while watching this video, should I do adversiment or change the content even I like my content
  15. @handsomedubbledee: My channel doesn’t have me shooting footage but more of found footage. So how can I approach my thumbnail and titles
  16. @DiaryofaLawyerPodcast: Love your content 👋👋👋
  17. @RenaeLeaver: Just wanted to send along a  "Thank You" to all @ ThinkMedia.  I am currently planning out my new YouTube channel and hope to launch very soon ~ I truly appreciate the engaging and informative video content found here on your channel.
I have learned so much from you guys! ☺️👍
  18. @benjamingolden7803: My Takeaway for this video is that coming up with titles and thumbnails on your own is never the opposite because I agree with when you said it doesn’t matter how great your video can get and everything else like to switch thumbnails what are doing, but I have been coming up with titles on my own and the same with the thumbnails because when I come up with ideas for a title that we know what’s the title is in the thumbnail is like but in terms of the beginning of the video on YouTube is the content, and then the hook in the middle and the equivalency at the end because the inconveniency is the content description the Hook is the video ideas when you induce yourself and what people gets interested that their own impressed is content, which is creating topics because creating topics is the content any ideas is the hook and the content description is the equivalency and that’s a funny thing when Sean said that no one can’t create their YouTube channel alone when videos in the effort doesn’t fix the problem they using think mastermind because think that mind never gets you anywhere because we always create our YouTube channel alone and to fix the analytic problem is creating more videos that you put in the effort that’s gonna have in the lyrics to get more high ranks in your video ranking, which is called VRA and that is video ranking analytics because you’re doing the academy of YouTube witches YRA witches YouTube ranking Academy so you can like get your video ranking analytics to go up high and my key Takeaway is Megan said to get your thumbnails audio sound stability views excluding the gear doesn’t need and titles for your thumbnail and videos to get more views as you get your nails to switch that is my key Takeaways from this video
  19. @SadiqNuriyev-k4j: HELLO When will the dji mic mini 2 review come out?
  20. @Scoop-Vibes: Coming from a 3rd world country recording with a phone, the audio is somehow really not still the best. I use Adobe Podcast to enhance the audio but yet I feel am not getting views cause of the audio too. 
Please any ideas on better audio enhancing cause Mike here turn to be very expensive.

My biggest take away from this video is Click Through Rate. If it's good, even if the AVD is not good, YouTube keeps recommending your views and from there the algorithm understands that the few who click and remain genuinely live your content and if you improve as the video says, you'll see your retention graphs coming better

- Best YouTube Setup for Every Budget ($0 to $1K): Kind: captions Language: en If you want to start recording YouTube videos, you can do so for as little as $0 or you could spend a couple hundred dollars to get yourself a dedicated kit. So today we're highlighting five different YouTube filming setups so you can choose the right one for your budget. So the first setup that costs $0 is just whatever smartphone you already have. This is obviously the first starting point for most people and I think a lot of people over think and underestimate what their phone is actually able to do in terms of being your first setup for filming YouTube videos. Nowadays smartphones can shoot in 4K image quality and everything looks really sharp and beautiful. So absolutely start with the phone that you already have in your pocket. However, there are a couple settings you do want to adjust on your smartphone if you are filming content with it for YouTube. First would be resolution. Ideally you want to shoot in 4K resolution if possible because YouTube really does prioritize 4K uploads. So film in 4K if you're able. The next setting would be enhanced stabilization. So most modern smartphones have some sort of setting that you can enable to increase the stabilization and smoothness if you're hand holding the smartphone. This way you don't have to go out and spend $100 on some sort of smartphone gimbal or a tripod. You can just start holding the phone out just like this, filming whatever your day in the life moments are and actually get some pretty smooth content. I'm not even like trying to stabilize the phone right now at all. I'm just walking around and the phone actually looks really smooth because I've turned on enhanced stabilization. And the last setting is one that's kind of weird that I actually want you to turn off. And this is HDR, high dynamic range. If you leave this setting on, depending on how you're editing your footage later, whether you're bringing it into a computer and editing and like resolve or premiere or editing on your smartphone and CapCut, all of these softwares handle HDR footage differently and a lot of times they'll import a little bit too bright or oversaturated and it just looks a little bit weird. So ideally if you know you're going to be just editing your footage right away and you don't have a lot of familiarity of filming with HDR footage, then I would definitely turn this off. It'll save you a ton of headache later. Now to start off with your smartphone, you don't have to purchase any lights or film equipment necessarily, but what you do want to do is film in the best lighting possible. Like right now I came outside to film this video today. It's kind of like sunny outside but also partly cloudy. And honestly, these are the best days to film when there's a little bit of cloud cover and shade. It produces really nice results. And if you're trying to film indoors, try to find a nice soft window that you could put yourself in front of. That will create a really beautiful lighting look and you don't have to go out and purchase any lighting. In terms of capturing good audio, the biggest thing is just to make sure it's not windy outside if you're filming outdoors. And if you're inside, making sure that you're not recording in a space that's too echoey. Maybe you have like really tall ceilings in your living room and hardwood floors. Those can create a really echoey surface. So think about that. And then ideally just get yourself as close to your smartphone as you can because the closer your mouth is to your phone, the better your audio's going to sound. The key thing to getting started making videos is just to start with what you already have. Don't let gear or tech be the barrier to you making your first video. You can totally start with your smartphone. You've just got to find the courage to hit record and post your first video. Now for our second setup, we're only going to spend $100 to add a few accessories that are really going to help us film, especially indoors in poorer lit conditions and also really upgrade the audio experience for our viewers. And also know that all of the gear we're talking about in today's video can be found in the description below if you want to check it out. So again, for the camera for this setup, we're just going to keep using our smartphone because for around $100 it's really hard to find anything reliable that actually gets good video results. So just use your smartphone still. But with a $100 budget, this is where we can really get a huge boost to our audio quality by upgrading to something as simple as this tiny little microphone that I have on right here. This is my favorite affordable microphone. It's called the Hollyland Lark A1 and it's only about a $35 microphone to get the baseline USB-C kit that works with different smartphone devices. And they also have a lightning kit if you have an older iPhone that you wanted to use. But what's so great about this microphone is it really is just so tiny and lightweight. It's not like pulling my shirt down at all or making any weird tension on my collar, which is really nice. But there's also some more pro level features even at a budget price. It does have noise cancellation so you're able to cancel noisy sounds happening in your environment if you're recording in noisier spaces. You can also like mute the button by clicking it a couple times and also even start and stop recordings on your smartphone by triple clicking the button on the Lark A1. That will start and stop recordings, which is an awesome feature. And the kit comes with two microphones. So if you or a guest wanted to record together, you'd actually be able to do this with both microphones. And what's great about wireless microphones are they allow you to be further away from your smartphone when you're recording video. Otherwise, I'd have to be super close to get good high quality audio in this environment. But I can actually move back a little bit further or if I want to put my phone super far away from me and still capture audio, I can do that with a wireless mic setup. So that's audio, but I actually have a couple lights that I set up in my scene right here and these are from a company called NiceV D. It's a two-pack LED lighting kit that actually has bi-color temperature. There's like three different color settings you can have. I'll actually cycle my key light right now so you can see there's like a cooler color temperature, a really warm one and then more of a daylight color temperature that I used for this video. And there's actually different power levels as well. So I can like turn down the light or I can turn it up just like this and this would be full brightness right here and this is what I have it set for this video. Now what's so nice about adding lighting to your kit is it allows you to film in spaces that you wouldn't normally be able to record in. And I'll actually show you right now. I'll turn off my key light and my fill light right now. And if I was recording in this space, this is what it would look like without these lights. Like look at how bad and grainy this shot is. My window is like super overexposed and I like look awful and grainy. You can see all the noise up in the shadows of my forehead. This just looks awful. But I will turn back on my key light and make sure the color temperature is set to the daylight temperature. And this instantly looks so much better. But I think what's great about the fact that this comes with two lights are you're able to add a fill light to your kit. So sometimes this can create some like harsh shadows around your chin. So my second light over here, I actually have pointed towards my ceiling and I'm bouncing it off the ceiling as a fill light. So I'll turn that on right now and you can see how it adds a fill to this side of my face and adds a little bit of fill to the background, too. Which is nice. Here it is again, off and then the fill light back on. I think it adds a nice touch. And what's crazy about this lighting kit is it only costs $50 for both lights, but you also get two different light stands that you can mount the light to and a couple of phone holders, which is super weird. But if you wanted to like mount your phone to the light stand, you could do that with this kit. So overall, this is one of our favorite beginner kits that's really affordable and gives you a lot of high quality light that you can use in different ways. And then finally, we did need to grab a tripod that we can use for our smartphone. And one of the most affordable ones that we recommend is this one from Amazon. It's called the Sensyne tripod and this works great for smartphones and it fits within the budget for this $100 build. So for only $100, you can upgrade your audio with the Lark A1, grab a couple of high quality lights to light yourself in darker spaces as well as have a tripod to mount your phone to. And all of that is about 100 bucks. Now for this next setup, what if you were somebody who wanted to move away from using your smartphone as your recording tool and you wanted a dedicated camera setup that you could keep at your YouTube workstation or your desk setup, wherever you do video calls or recordings from your home office. Well, the shot that you see right here only costs $250 to create and includes a lot of really cool items. Starting with a dedicated camera and for this build, we chose the Hollyland Lyra, which is actually a webcam. So a camera like this plugs directly into your computer and then you use your computer to do the recording part of the process. So you could grab a software like OBS is what I'm using for this video to record and it's a free software that anybody can use. Or you could just grab like the QuickTime application on your MacBook. Anything like that will work just fine for recording. What's nice about the Lyra is it can record in 4K video up to 30 frames per second and the results actually look really impressive for such a tiny little webcam. This camera does come with a little mount that you can mount directly on top of your computer as well. So you don't have to necessarily purchase a tripod or a dedicated desk stand if you don't want to. With the Lyra, you also get access to the Holly Studio software and this is where you can kind of refine your image a little bit and decide on your level of sharpening and detail and even adjust manual camera settings if you're familiar with those like ISO and shutter speed and white balance to just dial in your personal creative look. Overall, this is a pretty cool beginner camera for recording at your workstation if you do video calls or podcasting or even YouTube style talking head videos. This camera will work great for all those applications. Now for audio, you have quite a few options here. Now with the Lyra itself, you could actually just pay an additional $10 and then it'll come with a dedicated Hollyland Lark A1 transmitter that pairs seamlessly with the Lyra. So you could just have like wireless audio going directly to your camera with the Lark A1 for only $10. But if you really want to increase your audio quality to more podcast level, this microphone that I'm using for this video is the FIFINE AM8. We've talked about it a ton on this channel before and to me, it's the best sounding podcast microphone that I found for under $60. It can be found anywhere from like 50 to 65 bucks or so. And even for that price, you can choose an option that comes either with a little tabletop stand or you could grab the option that has a boom pole that you can mount to your table, which I actually prefer. What's nice about this microphone is there are two different kinds of outputs. So you can output via USB-C directly into your computer and that's what I'm doing for this video. Just plugged it right into my laptop and I open up OBS and selected this microphone as the audio source and we're getting this level of audio quality. But it also has an XLR output if you ever want to pair this with professional-level audio interfaces down the road. For lighting, I still needed to keep things super budget for this build, so I'm still using the Neewer VD-2 pack lighting kit cuz that's only $50 that I'll add to this kit. But, I did change a couple things. My key light is set to a nice warm color temperature, and then I adjusted my white balance accordingly. And then, the second light, instead of being a fill light, I am actually pointing it towards the background at its coolest temperature setting, which is creating almost kind of like a blue RGB effect in the background because the color temperatures are so different, which adds a little bit of color to the scene. So, that's the thing about lighting, you kind of just got to play with what you have and try to figure out creative ways that you can use the tools that you've already paid for. So, overall, this entire dedicated filming setup only cost $250, and you can get this level of image quality. So, for our next setup, we're bumping up in price to this camera right here that costs about $500. This is the Insta360 GO Ultra, and this is more of a kit designed for people who want a dedicated vlogging camera, but don't want to necessarily use their smartphone. Now, there's a lot of great vlogging cameras out there like the Pocket 3 and 4 and other Insta360 cameras, but this is one of the most affordable ones on the market that's kind of an all-in-one solution for under $500. One of my favorite things about the GO Ultra is just how tiny this little camera is, and it actually has a magnet on the back of it as well that you can mount to any metal surface. So, if you don't have a tripod with you, but you find some sort of piece of metal, you can just stick it right up there and get some cool creative angles. This camera can actually record in 4K up to 60 frames per second. So, if you're somebody who likes to do vlogs where you do like sort of action stuff, like my wife and I are right now training for a half marathon, and we'll take this on runs just for fun to capture little running content. It works great, and I can get 4K slow motion footage. There's also like several different field of view settings. There's like super ultra wide, or if you want your image to look a little more linear, like real life, you can set it to that setting where it de-warps the edges a little bit. And there's several different stabilization modes as well, depending on your level of movement. You can set it to the lower settings if you're kind of just doing talking head style videos, or if you're like running around all crazy, you can set it to the higher stabilization levels. Now, the camera itself is this really tiny like rectangle shape. It's super small, but it actually also comes with an action pod that sort of looks like a GoPro style or DJI action style housing that this camera magnetically snaps into. And now, you can actually use the flip screen on the action pod to be able to view your image while you're recording. So, that's awesome. You don't have to like try to guess at what your composition is. This camera is so small that there's not actually a screen on the camera itself, but with the action pod, you can be yourself. And it also has an app that can wirelessly transmit a signal to your smartphone if you want to like control the camera that way or view your image. And because of that magnetic feature, there's a bunch of different accessories that you can pair with the camera to mount it in different ways, like to your chest for point of view work or to your head if you like ride on bicycles or different things. Also, you don't have to have the GO Ultra attached to the action pod in order to see your image. So, right now, I just found like this metal pole at the park that I'm filming at. So, I'll snap it onto that pole right there, and I can actually like walk away from the unit, and I can see myself. Like I can see my composition. If I wanted to film some like fun, weird, creative angles, I could just like look like I'm out here vlogging just like this. But, in fact, the camera is over there. Like isn't that so cool? There's also some more advanced features like iLog if you want to shoot in the log image profile to color grade your footage later, you can do that with this camera. And you can actually shoot in full manual video control if you want to dial in all of your settings, such as shutter speed, ISO, white balance, etc. Now, for audio for this setup, I'm using the Insta360 mic air, and this is only a $50 mic kit that you can use with smartphones because it comes with a USB-C receiver, but also can use with the Insta360 GO Ultra without any sort of receiver. It just natively pairs with the GO Ultra, which is really cool. And it's just this tiny little button style microphone that's really small and lightweight, so it really doesn't even feel like I'm wearing anything right now, and the audio quality is really solid. So, if you're looking for a nice beginner vlogging camera, the Insta360 GO Ultra for about $500 is a great starter choice. Now, for this final setup I wanted to highlight in this video, we're looking at more of like a pro-level setup that's going to cost you about $1,000 to get up and running, but you do get a lot of flexibility to use your camera and your setup in different ways. So, the camera we're using for this build is the Sony ZV-E10. And yes, this camera is like 6 years old at this point, but this thing honestly still has great image quality, and we have several team members on our team that actually still use this camera as a part of their everyday workflow. This camera produces fantastic image quality even though it is a little bit older. Now, brand new, this camera does cost around $800, but you can find these all day long for like $500 to $600 on Facebook Marketplace or eBay. I found mine on Marketplace for $500 in fantastic condition. This camera, again, can record in 4K video up to 30 frames per second, which is going to be essential for any high-quality YouTube or podcasting or social media content that you want to record in 4K. This camera is also the best one on the list today for actually taking photographs. So, if you like taking pictures and having a travel camera that you can snap everyday photographs and life moments, this is a fantastic option. And overall, the original ZV-E10 is kind of like a Swiss Army Knife camera. It can kind of do everything pretty well, and that's one of its unique selling points. Now, for the audio for this setup, I went with a wireless mic solution that's a little bit more mid-tier. This is the Hollyland Lark M2, and the kit can be found for around $99, and this is going to work with both cameras and smartphones. So, you can just buy this one kit and plug it directly into your camera via the 3.5 mm receiver, or you want to use it with your smartphone, you can do that as well. Now, for this build today, I actually rigged up the Lark M2 inside of this little wireless mic handle and inside of this little custom Think Media windscreen, but you can grab a basic kit like this for like $16 and then rig up any sort of wireless mic inside of these handles to put the microphone in a more optimal position for getting the best possible sound quality. Plus, it just looks kind of cool, and it's like a handheld professional kind of podcasty interview style microphone that just looks really cool. For lighting, we still had to stay super budget for this build, so you guessed it, we're still using that Neewer VD-2 pack LED kit. I mean, these things are getting a lot of airtime this video. For placement, I did it a little bit differently though. The key light over here is just bouncing off of the wall directly in front of me and kind of spilling back onto me as a soft key light. And then, the second light is over here as a little fill light kicker, which you can see is just kind of creating this rim light around the left side of my face, and I think it looks pretty good. And for the tripod, I just went with this really budget SmallRig tripod that'll work with both smartphones and really lightweight mirrorless cameras like the ZV-E10, and it works totally fine for this build. And I think my favorite thing about this setup is just that you are purchasing a mirrorless camera that can grow with you as you want to adapt different lenses to this camera. So, it uses the Sony E-mount mirrorless lens system. So, even though for this video, I'm just using the kit lens that comes with this camera to save money, you can adapt any really nice Sony lens that's going to change the creative look and style of your image to get even better image performance. But, if you're totally starting out, this is what the kit lens looks like, and it's totally usable. Let me know down in the comments below which one of these kits is actually your favorite and if you're going to pick any one of these up to start making videos. Now, if you want to check out some other budget gear that we love using here at Think Media, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JimmyAdventurer.1 [6 likes]: Seeing more go ultra clips lately and i’m kinda interested now.
  2. @JordanWilder396 [6 likes]: I got go ultra too! I seriously love it. It’s tiny, super convenient, and the video it records is really clear. I use it for vlogs all the time.
  3. @MikeTraveler2025 [5 likes]: Honestly surprised how good the audio sounds on the go ultra for something this small.
  4. @FamFu-FF [2 likes]: The best setup is the one you already have. create now. upgrade when ready.
  5. @iloveyousoverymuchyesyou [2 likes]: filming on phone and editing and uploading on phone etc. IS EASY workflow.
  6. @TheKirori-ht8te [2 likes]: I would like to attend the class and I feel like you can teach me well before I start the channel how do I join the class and how much will it cost me ? Iam really looking forward to start but I need first hits and more education
  7. @Jackma9t9 [1 likes]: Which one phone do you have ?
  8. @Native8k120 [1 likes]: I still shoot in 1080p

Kind of off topic, have you guys ever been attacked while filming? Because someone didn't want to be filmed.
  9. @mancube5041 [1 likes]: Great tips thanks for sharing.
  10. @jeffhammerforteimpact: Impactful as always! It’s great to grow alongside creators like you.
  11. @guaiqueritech: Never underestimate two things:
1) the power of thrifting: I found a smartphone gimbal on Goodwill for $40, works perfectly. You can also get Neewer key lights for less than $20
2) the power of DIY. I’m making LED light bars out of $5 USB LED strips glued to bracket-shaped aluminum bars I had lying around and filling them with cheap transparent silicone to diffuse the LEDs; if you wanna go even cheaper, you can forgo the silicone and use flexible acrylic sheets cut to slightly wider than the width of the bracket and slightly bending them to fit ( I got the sheets from non-functional membrane keyboard circuits I disassembled 😂)
  12. @Epicbosstv100: Hey I’ve been watching your videos and it helped a lot. How have I got my channel up with a profile picture how ever I’m unable to see the pic when I search with someone phone can you please help me with that?
  13. @Ok-mama: Hey guys, I got a Canon EOS M100 and I want to start making YouTube videos but the camera doesn't have a port for a microphone, would the DJI mini wireless microphone work with it or not?
  14. @DAVIDADOGA-o8x: I use my Redmi note 14, 2 different wireless microphones, a shotgun microphone, condenser microphone and lots of LED panel lights
  15. @XX-vu5jo: YouTube or video content is no longer that profitable unless you are the likes of MrBeast LOL!
  16. @MyNameIsCasper: I have the insta360 x4 x5 and go (not the go ultra) and the DJI mic 3. I’ve been recording on my motorcycle with the x4 and have been planning to start doing daily shorts and a weekly long form but haven’t gotten the nerve to hit record. 😅
  17. @MichaelMonaghan-q4s: wowser...
  18. @chasingthemountain: Is osmo Pocket 4 good for youtube? I want to create  videos for youtube in my room. Can you please create a video about settings and kits that i would need for pocket 4 as a youtube creator setup?
  19. @Jbakermediatoronto: Awesome video here!!
  20. @iamzr81: The Osmo Nano is cheaper than the insta one.

- We Found the BEST Creator Tech at NAB 2026: Kind: captions Language: en From GoPro cinema cameras to unreleased Pocket 4 competitors, there are a ton of crazy new gear here at NEB 2026. Craig and I just got back and we covered a bunch of different cool accessories. Let's talk about cameras and probably one of my favorites, the GoPro Mission series. So, there are three different models. The GoPro Mission 1, the 1 Pro, and then the ILS, which stands for interchangeable lens system. So, has a micro four/ thirds mount. All of these are 1 in sensors, which is pretty cool to see in these little form factors. On the base model, you have the Mission 1 and you could do 8K 30, 4K 120, and 1080 240, which is crazy enough that is and that's the base model and that is $700. And then if you want to go to the Pro and the ILS are essentially the same camera, just one has lens and that can do 8K 60, 4K 240, 1080, 960 frames per second. It's just wild to see all of that like AK open gate and these tiny little cameras. >> The wildest thing to me was being there on the show floor and they had different ways that the ILS version was rigged out as like a full-on cinema rig. And it's just like how are we to the point here where like GoPro is now making cinema cameras like capable of working on film sets and putting it in tight little spaces but still rigged up with like full-on cinema lenses. It was just wild to see >> the difference between this like this is not a Hero 14. This is a new series mission on top of it and they're trying to separate from being an action camera and this having more cinematic image quality. They're trying to reach filmmakers, content creators. So, kind of like like what what we really enjoy. But when we look at the Mission One and the Mission One Pro that has the lens, one thing that I really like what they did is the minimum focus. When you actually hold it at arms length distance, you're actually in focus. Your face is in focus. Whereas on the Action 6 and Action 5 Pro, kind of out of focus if you are at arms length distance. >> The GoPro guy did say he's like, "If you have like super short arms, maybe it won't reach." But for pretty average size arm length people like us, we have average arm. You actually have long arms. >> I got long arms, so I was already in focus anyway. >> Yeah. Yeah. But it's great. No, you can actually use it for vlogging versus like you want to use the Action 6 for vlogging, you're going to look soft. So, with the ILS, like allows you to get more shallow depth of field, tighter lenses, which is super cool to see like what we could do with it. >> And the Mission One series, for people who like action sports, this this particular model, this series is a little bit heavier. So, what we did notice the GoPro team saying is like, hey, like I might not rig this to my head. Some people do like rig it on a chest mount, rig it to your head for POV kind of stuff. You can, but it is noticeably a little bit heavier and more robust, which I, as like, you know, video production professional, I like it because I'm not doing I'm not surfing. I'm not riding motorbikes. But for those, you can still rock with like the GoPro Hero 13 or if they make a 14, then, you know, use one of those for your action sports. What I also like is you can use the same battery as in the Hero cameras, but they do have an upgraded battery specifically for the mission, which you would you'd want to use since it could support those higher frame rates. But still cool that they are they're trying something different and I really appreciate trying to be different, trying to innovate. >> Well, you know what we were not able to get our hands on and was not even at NAB this year? I mean, you know what I'm going to say? The Osmo Pocket 4. >> If you're unaware, it's not available in the US. You can't buy it now. People have smuggled some in. >> Yeah, we need to do it. >> Yeah, but and I got to like hold one for five seconds and like there's like this nice rubber texture to it, which was nice. There's been several comments about when to expect a Pocket 4 review from us and like, >> well, we just don't have it and we can't test it. So, >> hopefully things change and maybe we can get our hands on one somehow. But, you know, we talked about this like Pocket 3 versus Pocket 4. Is it much of an upgrade for you? What do you think? >> Yeah, I mean I think there are some substantial upgrades. I would say if you're already a Pocket 3 owner. It feels like a little bit more of a marginal upgrade and the Pocket 3 is already great. You and I have used that for years at this point. Robustly, it's a fantastic camera. Now, if you're somebody who doesn't have one and you're in the market for a pocket style camera, go for the Pocket 4. I think it's a great and entry price point, I think, is actually more affordable than the Pocket 3 launch for. But again, if you're US-based with the prim the primary listeners of our audience are from US, you can't even get it right now. >> I do like DLOG in 10 bit and the 14 stops dynamic range. That seems like a for me I would upgrade if I could get it. >> But you know what we actually might be able to get and actually we do have our hands on is Insta 360 is making a pocket 4 competitor and this thing is fantastic. This is called the Insta 360 Luna. And this one in particular is called the Ultra. And it comes in two different variations with also two different color options. So, there's going to be this Ultra version and then one that's a little bit more simple. And these are actually co-engineered with Leica, which is sick. You're going to get some cool I mean, great image performance and different color options, color presets. I mean, what's your experience been the last couple days? >> Well, this thing is crazy to think about. Like, what stands out is like multiple focal lengths, which is a big thing. like the Pocket 3 4, they had a simulated digital version, but if you wanted to zoom into the distance, you couldn't really do that. With this, you can zoom in and I was liking the footage you get. You can almost get some shallow depth of field and sh like it almost looks like a mirrorless camera just looking off the back of it. >> Yeah. And this is the first Insta 360 camera in their lineup that actually does 10 bit color. So, that's going to be fantastic for just preserving more detail and information for people who want to push this camera to the limits. We've shot a ton of footage with this already over the last couple days. I mean, it looks pretty solid. And they also provide LUTs. So, if you want to like have a quick color grade, you can do like a conversion L to Rec 709. And then that gets you like 95% of the way there for your color grade. And I think that, you know, Insta 360, they're always working on color. We'll see what happens. It's not final firmware. It's not final color. But my initial thoughts, I I kind of love this camera. Yeah. I mean, if you're wondering why I'm holding it like this, we're under NDA when there's certain things we can and can't talk about. But if you're curious about anything, let us know in the comments down below and we'll address that when we can talk about it. >> We don't know release date. We don't know price point. We're not on final firmware. It's very early in this process, but I'm encouraged by what I see from from Insta 360. Well, the next camera we saw that was kind of fun was from Kinfini, which our audience maybe has never even heard of this. It's more of like a cinema camera company, like hybrid. They make affordable cinema cameras, but their latest camera is the Confinity Vista. This is a full-frame 6K sensor. What was your impression of the Infinity? >> It's so cool to see like this tiny box form factor, which if you are doing more film making, that is very appealing. You can rig it up in different ways. There's a huge flip out screen on the back. Huge like 4 in screen. And it's interesting. It's a 4x3 aspect ratio, but like the sensor is like normal 3x2. So, you can do open open gate on this camera, but so you could see your open gate image, but also have your information for all your camera settings. Um, you got two full-size HDMI outputs, so you could have one to an external monitor, maybe one to a transmitter, or however you plan on using it. But it's cool to see like different cameras coming out with solutions. Kinfinity, what stands out with them is they have their own mount. So, you can actually swap out for Sony E-mount, Lmount. So, maybe more future to come like with different mounts. So depending on what lenses you already own, you could just easily swap it out. >> And price point for this was coming in just under $3,000 for a full-frame cinema camera 6K. Like what I know for our audience like maybe you're not grabbing a cinema camera, but it's really cool to see this kind of innovation in the space. Better products being created at better price points for if you if you want to step into the cinema world, you can now do it and get incredible results with a camera like the Confinity Vista. We got to stop by Panasonic, which was really cool to see. I used their cameras, you know, several years ago. It got started with the G7, but they got a lot of cool new stuff. Now, they just released a lens, the 40mm f2. Tiny little small lens you could easily travel with. U pretty good minimum focus. So, very versatile lens I see this being. Um, but then I also got to kind of test around. I know a lot of people asked about the Panasonic S9 on their channel trying to just like look at what they could do. They have this like compressed video format. you can shoot in and it will automatically transmit to your phone. So, if you do like a lot of short social media content, you can just film with a nice mirrorless camera, full frame, and then have that ready to post on your >> That's a fantastic feature. Well, let's shift gears. Let's talk a little bit about lighting. There are a few lights that we actually saw which I was very impressed with. First, from Small Rig, an update to a light that we've featured on the channel before was the RF10 C. They updated it to the RF20C. And so it's double the output, but it actually it's will double the wattage actually translates to being four times as bright. And so the little flashlight style accents, it's great, but if you have daylight coming into your studio, if you try to shine that accent onto your background, it might not be as visible as you want with the 10 watt version. And actually, they added, I think, like a fifth sort of color option, like like a purple. It's not like full RGB spectrum where you change. Yeah, there's like four different colors to choose from, but I often like use it for daylight or if you see in my videos, I'll have like this fake blind. And with my current setup, that's like a cob light with a projector. >> Huge. >> It's like huge. And it's like $500 or $600 for that. And it's not reasonable for the average person. But this does the same thing. The 20C is like around $80. Super affordable. If you are looking for more creative stuff, this is not something that's going to light your face, but more so light your background, get creative with it. >> Maybe a fill light. But yeah, you still if if you're looking to build your lighting setup, you will need a key light that's nice and soft still to light yourself. But having a really great key light and then a fun accent light to add texture or color to your background, it's a great starting point. And for this, for like 80 bucks, it's a big win. >> Another thing, if you are looking into key lights, we stopped by Amaran. They have their new series of lights, the halo and the ray series. So if you are familiar with Amaran's lights, the like 100x or 60D, those are actually now discontinued and replaced with these. So the ray series is their RGB and daylight, so you can use them for both. And then the halo is just a byolor. So daylight and tungsten, but they're both great, super budget. on the Rays. If you just get the 60C, that is $189 with a little softbox included and a kit. Um, so super budget there. But if you need something even cheaper, they have the Halo, which is very minimal. Does not come with a, you know, little kit, no softbox. That's like $120. Um, super powerful lights. Oftent times, like I don't even use the 60C at maximum brightness, but they have different ranges. Like if you are doing more podcast setups like we have 100s, 200s here lighting our space our faces. Um they have that they you can go all the way up to like 660 C 660 uh X. So super cool. >> I also love Amaran. I mean I use Amaran products at all my workstation stuff. I love the app control and now they have their full-on Amaran app that's beautiful, easy to use, very intuitive. You drag all your lighting around, your colors around, change your color temperatures, all you want to do right there in the app. And you can actually just like leave your lights on 24/7 in your studio and then turn them off with your phone, walk out, come back, turn them back on. >> Amaran's getting more into the creator space. And so it's really cool to see the products that they have being more for like you and I. Like I love Aperture beforehand and they're like, you know, similar companies, but now they're like segmented off where Amaran's more focused on the creator where Aperture is film and industry production. >> Yeah, absolutely. Well, in terms of audio, honestly, we didn't see a whole lot that's like brand new revealed at the show floor. There are some great options. Deed is doing some great things. Holland, of course, we love working with Holland. Actually, this year we spoke at Holland. Our first speaking arrangement at NAB was so fun to be there on stage is speaking to other creators. And we'll actually, we recorded that talk, so we'll release it here on Think Media. And if it's out, we'll actually link it in the description when that comes out. We're thankful for Holland and they actually are releasing an interesting mic, the Melo P1. It's like a wireless kind of PA system and it's really targeted towards like musicians. It it's like a audio interface that is portable, works right into your smartphone or your computer and it's a wireless handheld microphone. What I was trying to tell them is like, guys, I like your marketing towards this. I think it's going to work great with vocalists, but like you and I make content all the time where we have our little we rig up like DJI or or Hollland mics in a little wireless mic handle and we use that for talking head style videos and it feels more professional. It puts the microphone in a better position. And I was like I was literally at the booth and there's people video production professionals coming over saying, "How could I get this into my camera?" And Holly's like, "Oh, it's not really for that. It's for like vocalists." But I think like this is going to be an interesting product and it makes me think, hey, Hollland's thinking in terms of how can we create not just wireless microphones, but different kinds of microphones. So, I'm curious to see what they do. >> We also have, we stopped by road, which is cool. See, we got to meet Ryan, you know, the face of it. >> Ryan, >> I love them. Um, but they have a new lowprofile studio arm. We're actually using right now the PSA 1, which is a legendary podcast microphone arm. super sturdy, just stays in the right place. Now they have a lowprofile solution which, you know, people have been asking for. It seemed really robust. You got to play around with it a little bit. Any thoughts on it? >> Yeah. No, I'm super hyped. The thing about it is Kyle and I are Kyle's our content director. We always talk about we just have not found a a podcast microarm that's affordable that is really robust. Um, you know, this new one, they even said it's robust enough to like put a camera on it. They tested cameras like kind of top down to see how powerful it is. I mean, I'm not trying to do top down work with my podcast microphone, top down shots, but it just goes to show you the engineering they're thinking through, trying to make great products, and they always do. I mean, I love their products for sure. >> They also came out with a a wireless microphone, the Road Link 2. So, this uses the UHF instead of Bluetooth and, you know, Wi-Fi signals. So, it's a little bit better, probably more oriented to professionals. Uh, lavalier inputs. It looks really solid. So, if you are more like rough elements or you just need something really strong and robust, that looks like a great solution. >> And they finally released their uh it's in beta form is their Roadcaster Studio software. I'm excited for this because it's going to be I mean everything road does around the podcasting niche is fantastic. So the fact that they've taken a lot of time to create this new software that allows you to upload the audio right now only from your podcast. It will then ingest that transcribe your audio and then you're able to kind of edit your podcast like a word document >> that on top of that there's like a chat system. So it's like it will automatically analyze and make suggestions. So like you're talking to an assistant editor. And I think that this is like the future of editing in my opinion. >> Yes, it is. You can have like a like a a co-producer inside that AI software to tell you, hey, like it looks like you were repetitive here. Would you like me to sharpen this up a little bit? Tighten up the edit, which is cool. It's going to help podcasters and teams just move faster. And talk about like the weird feature where it can like replace words. So, when we're doing like podcast, you're going to like mess up a line or whatnot. Well, you can go in and you can actually just tweak with text what you want to say, and it's going to create new audio based off of your tone and inflections. is going to sound like a natural change to that video uh to the audio. It's an audio stage now, but they are coming out with a video version. And that's what I'm excited for beyond just like twoerson podcast even solo creators like how you could use this. I think there's some there's some pretty cool innovation with Roadcaster Studio. But yeah, I think it's um it's cool and I want to see where it goes. >> Well, let's shift gears, talk about a NAS system that we saw. storage solutions is like big pain point among creators >> if you buy like an SSD and then you run out of storage and you need to buy more which are crazy expensive right now >> which you would eventually want to look at and I I ju honestly I just got a NAS system for our stuff so it's like this thing is a little bit more of an investment but the benefits of it is you have a massive amount of storage on hard drives. Yes. So um like we're talking tens 20s of terabytes. The NAS system specifically you're talking about the UG green has some cool features. >> Yeah it's the NASC IDX 6011 Pro. I mean what a >> very uh rememberable. >> Yeah. You have to look but no UG green is fantastic with their their products. We've worked with them in the past. We're excited about that. This NAS it's a six bay NAS and up to 32 terabytes per bay. So you're over at like almost 200 terabytes of storage that you could have and this is almost like your personal home server. You can use this. You can access it via the network from even remote locations if you needed to travel and access files, movies, shows, all of those things. It's your personal home server, but also as creators, you can use it as to back up your storage. And what's cool about NAS systems is you can set them up in a way that like automatically backs up files to multiple locations. So if like one of your hard drives fails, you don't lose any data. That's the beauty of this kind of workflow versus purchasing a bunch of individual hard drives, copying things all over. I have like probably 25 hard drives at home just collected over the years. And then I got smart and was like, I need a NAS system. We have them. We use them. So, and this one is is a is a cool one because it also has AI integration, but it's safe. That's key. It's safe. It's not going to reveal your data up in the cloud somewhere localiz. >> Yeah. So, if you want to search for files, hey, I can't remember what my expense reports were for last quarter. It you don't have to open up a bunch of spreadsheets and stuff, it will actually analyze the data for you. >> It's not going to do that with like video larger files, but like you're saying, documents where it's easy, but like you're saying, I like the fact that it's localized and your tax documents are not getting leaked on the internet. >> You got to remember NAB is the National Association of Broadcasters. Like we're not even talking about like 70% of all of the boost there were like stuff that creators have really no need for, but like this is kind of a a tech piece that I think a lot of creators overlook that they could adopt to their workflow to save them a lot of headache. >> Very similar to this is also a storage solution by Small Rig. They actually collabed with Co-Card and this is a little phone device where it's magic on the back but has an SSD and it's also a reader. It's SD card and micro SD card. If you're someone who likes to shoot on your camera, but you want to post shorts on your phone, you need to quickly upload it, but you don't want to bring a laptop, like maybe that's just not part of the situation. You could just take this small thing, plug it in, and are able to transfer all your footage over. This looks like a really cool product. It's very thin, minimal, easy to take with you in a backpack. >> Well, and at the end of the day, we always talk about like what's the best camera for YouTube? What's the best camera to be a creator? The best camera is the one that you already have on you, right? It's your smartphone. The first camera that you should be using is the smartphone you already have. And rather than going out and spending $1,000 on a camera and lens and like you're going to get marginal increase in quality, just start with your phone and then upgrade your phone with a couple of key tools to help make your workflow easier. And this the collab that Small Rig did with Cocard, I think, is a great starter point. >> Let's talk about some software. One big thing is Da Vinci Resolve 21 update has some incredible features in this free update, which is awesome. They did talk about potentially um they did talk about potentially increasing that or or having a paid upgrade. >> Yeah, >> super reasonable for the amount of features they're doing. Um but anyways, some of the cool features, speech generator, let's say you and I flub up the line when we do an A-roll. Instead of pausing, re-recording our audio, bringing the SD card back in, importing, you can simply just type in with text what you want to say. There's actually some pre-built voices if you want to use them or you can upload your own voice. So, I like uploaded um some talking head A-roll just as audio and I was able to type out something. >> Yeah. >> Generate and actually sounds a lot like me. >> It does. It sounds like you. I mean, maybe there's a little you could maybe tell like I know you. I listen to it. Like maybe I could tell, but if this is your first time listening to Nate or like you're a casual listener, like you could voice over a few sections of your video if you messed up and it like it it works. >> Yeah. it doesn't necessarily like know the way I talk and that's why it doesn't sound like me because of my like my character of my voice. But for things where >> yeah like I flub up a line, I just need to fix a mistake. I'll easily do it with this. I've had similar editing, you know, challenges where I need to, you know, critique a line, make it shorter. Yeah, you can do that there. >> And here's the thing, it's not going online somewhere. It's all localized on your machine. >> That's great. >> So your voice stays safe. You know, that's a big thing. >> You're not getting cloned. >> Yeah, exactly. another AI Nate out there like with the same voice like yeah I mean >> but I guess they could just steal your voice from other videos and do it to their train their own machine. >> Don't tell them to do that. >> There's also a photo editor now u which is kind of a nice upgrade to organize how you treat photos. A lot of people like the color grading tools within Resolve, but now there's just a better organization method. You can rate photos. I actually have a full video about the different features I like about Resolve 21. We'll have that linked in description down below. But some cool updates there. also mentioned the Blackmagic camera app. If you shoot with that app on your phone, you have a little bit more manual settings. But the feature they rolled out is you can now monitor your phone with your Apple Watch. >> It's great. >> So, you could do that on the native camera app, but it's great, but sometimes you want some manual control. Now, you can have that and preview it easily, see yourself, which is super >> Well, and one of the last, you know, software things we'll talk about is Adobe, of course. Like, I'm still I'm on the dark side. Nate always tries to convince me, make the switch. Come to Resolve. Come to the Blackmagic world. And I'm like, listen, I've just I've edited on Adobe 11 years. I'm in it. There's of course benefits to going with Resolve. I will say Adobe's trying to make strides, especially in the color grading world. They know Resolve has been killing it. So, what we saw at NAB was multiple booths, large booths, demonstrating the even in different halls. So, they're making a point of like, we want this in different locations, not just the big massive Adobe booth. They had it set up in different locations, demonstrating their color grading features. It's in beta right now. They have a brand new update that just allows a lot more robust adjustments of color rather than just like it's always been like historically like little sliders, but now there's some different color gradients tools that are more like at the bottom of the interface, which is fascinating. You can tweak things, but then also on the right side, you can view all of your clips in the timeline as larger thumbnails. And if you wanted to even like select, hey, I want to edit these 17 clips in my sequence, select those and then add a color grade to all of them at the same time with their new tools. Lots of improvements they're trying to make because I will concede, Nate. Resolve is definitely ahead in terms of especially color grading, but now it's I mean it's an all-in-one tool now and it's a onetime fee versus I pay 70 bucks a month for Premiere. Like I mean literally in 6 months I'm paying more than you pay lifetime which is crazy and I'm doing this for 11 years. Think about how many tens of thousands of dollars I've spent with Adobe and you spent $300. >> Y >> it's wild. And we got to sit down and talk with the president of Blackmagic Design of all people and we just really like the ethos. they they want to take care of their customers and I think there's a lot of I respect that you know there's a lot that goes into that trying to keep things free with updates like they said they're maybe come out with the upgrade charge um with the amount of features they bring in but so far they said people are buying Resolve we're going to keep it free for now >> well of all these things like what are you excited about what are you noticing in the space what excites you >> I think the GoPro mission like kudos to GoPro it seemed like they were not just them but just there's some stagnation in in the camera space and I feel like there we're seeing some people innovate. >> And I like seeing that cuz who knows what comes from this. >> It's big. Yeah. I mean, you hit the nail on the head. I was going to say my favorite thing is the innovation in the camera space. Now, you know who's not on the list? Sony. We didn't talk anything about Sony here and we both shoot on Sony, but like I've loved the A75. I like the FX2. Like some of their latest camera releases, they're solid. But I think what some of these other companies are are doing infinitity with a full-on cinema camera 6K open gate for under $3,000. I mean, it's crazy. So, I love what you know, Panasonic, you mentioned, Insta 360 competitor to the Pocket 4. There's innovation in the space and it's driving people to create better products. So, we've got to see the big players, Canon, Nikon, Sony, they've got to adapt. And I think I I think there is some innovation coming from some of these companies soon. >> Absolutely. And there's so much like we have yet to cover about this. Like if there's anything that stood out to you, let us know in the comments. We'll be happy to follow up and make detailed videos on those. But if you guys are wanting to know more about what it comes to the best camera for YouTube, something that depends on your budget, if you're, you know, just starting out or if you are looking for something more expensive, we broke down our favorite cameras. You can check out that video on screen right up here. Thank you so much for watching. I'll catch you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oneilblair7364 [5 likes]: Still think DJI's color tuning on the Pocket line is one of the most underrated things about it
  2. @radudte [5 likes]: If the image remains like this after the camera is launched, I'm sorry to say but I don't think it will be a sales success. Insta should urgently fix the image of this camera to consider itself a serious opponent for Dji
  3. @rahmanaulanaz [4 likes]: Been using the Pocket 3 for over a year for travel content and it still holds up really well. I know they mentioned the Pocket 4's D-Log and 14 stops dynamic range, which would genuinely push my color grade further. Anyone who's already shooting with the Pocket 4 notice a real difference in highlight retention compared to the 3?
  4. @Smyslenn1y [3 likes]: The Insta360 Luna Ultra looks incredible from what they said at NAB. Getting mirrorless camera-style bokeh from multiple physical focal length lenses in a pocket device is wild. Combining that with Leica tuning and finally having 10bit color makes this a serious cinematic tool.
  5. @ThinkMediaTV [2 likes]: Which piece of gear from NAB 2026 are you most excited about? Let us know below! ⬇
⭐ Our free YouTube growth class reveals 3 essential secrets we're using to get more views, subscribers, and income—watch here ➡ http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  6. @Thohtiice [2 likes]: ditch that single lens dji, the multi focal setup on the luna ultra is obviously the winner for cinematic shots.
  7. @lukastvrdy3732 [1 likes]: I noticed they said the Luna is not on final firmware and not final color. For a camera going up against the Pocket 4 which already has a mature color pipeline and 107GB of built-in storage, the bar is pretty high. Early impressions from a trade show under NDA are a very different thing from a shipping product.
  8. @Leolrid [1 likes]: Still waiting for a US Pocket 4 release honestly
  9. @jeffhammerforteimpact: Truly appreciate the way you interact with your community. It shows.
  10. @RobertWhitfield: Does the GoPro Mission have the off the charts good image stabilization the Pocket 3 has?
  11. @Steger13: For me it will be the go pro mission one but not the one with the interchangable lens and the Pocket 4 pro. I'll get both😅
  12. @fsb5370: why no one shows the screen?
  13. @charleslevan8211: 14? It was my understanding that GoPro is discontinuing the Hero line?
  14. @PaulFeinberg: Great to chat at in&out at the amaran meet up! You guys a super nice and just killing it! Great thoughts….yes we need Sony to get back to innovation.
  15. @annoholics: I really wonder how an action camera that is not using autofocus, is going to work as an action camera? Are we going to do focus pulling on that micro screen? What were they thinking? I really have no clue how I would use that camera, other than placing something like a lidar sensor and cinema glass on a budget camera. This is insane.
  16. @jamesjjb0075: This is NOT for youtube Begiiners....Be More Reasonable!
  17. @photoguru3786: It's a Back-Bone copy. Back-Bone has been offering modified interchangeable lenses for GoPro's for ~15 years for: C-Mount, CS-Mount, M12 and Micro 4/3 lenses.
  18. @TacticalCactusMedia: What is the attachment shown @9:49 with the Smallrig rf20c? I haven't been able to find that attachment offered anywhere online alongside this product.
  19. @gaips: Definitely want to know if Insta360 Luna has 4K UVC-webcam functionality? NDI?
  20. @dizzydisciple: I heard that the GoPro ILS series doesn't have autofocus. Is it because everything is in focus?

- The BEST MacBook Neo Accessories Under $100: Kind: captions Language: en I've been really enjoying the MacBook Neo lately, but after using it for a bit, I started noticing a few things that weren't so great. Luckily, I found some accessories that fixed almost all of my issues with the MacBook Neo, and most of which are under $100. Starting off with the most essential, if you have a MacBook Neo, you should definitely get something like this. This is a USB-C hub made by Acasis. It's actually made for using with the iPhone, but it works surprisingly well with the Neo. This little device gives you a bunch of different ports. You have three USB-C ports, all with different functions, a USB-A port, an HDMI port, and even an SD and microSD card slot. And right away, this just gives you way more flexibility compared to the two ports on the MacBook Neo. But, this thing has a little trick up its sleeve, and you can actually open it up and put in an SSD inside. Not only does this solve the problem of having limited ports, but also the storage space at the same time. The hub itself costs $57, which I think is a bargain, and then you can add whatever SSD you want. The one I went with is a 1 TB from Lexar, and this can be found for around $160. SSDs are crazy expensive right now, so I'll link a few good options down below depending on your budget. With this one device, I don't have to worry about anything else. I can just bring this, and I can import my footage. I can even connect over HDMI, which is pretty wild. And then, you have an extra USB-C port for power, and then one for your accessories. So, if you want fast speeds, you can take advantage of 10 gigabits per second with this USB-C port. So, like I said, it solves multiple problems in one device. And honestly, if you have a MacBook Neo, you should just pick this up. Now, if you rely on your MacBook Neo to get work done on the go, then you should definitely consider getting a power bank. This is the Ugreen Nexode 20,000 mA hour power bank. Now, of course, you could always bring your charger along, but sometimes you don't always have an outlet available to you. Then that's where this thing comes in handy. And I got to admit this thing really impressed me. It's just so sleek in terms of its design. You can press this little button on the side and this display will light up with how much charge is available and how long your devices need to be until they're fully charged. Up on top you have a USB A port as well as a USB C for both charging as well as outputting. But perhaps my favorite feature is this retractable little cable. Look at this. You can extend it out, plug into your device, you don't have to worry about and just pull back. And it just goes right back. This is so handy. So now I don't have to worry about finding a cable that's, you know, has enough output or can handle that. So literally just this one device, not only can I power the MacBook Neo, but my phone, my AirPods, all in one device. And I will share that this is airline friendly. Just make sure you keep it on your carry-on bag, but you can totally take this with you to charge all your devices on the go. This thing has slowly become my new favorite device. I'm totally bringing it with me every time I go on an airplane. Price-wise this comes in around $80, which honestly for something like this that can charge your setup multiple times over, I think it's totally worth it. Now this next accessory is super simple and that is just a basic laptop sleeve. Nothing fancy, but if you're traveling with your MacBook, you want to store some extra accessories, it's nice to keep things nice and protected. This is just big enough to store the MacBook Neo right in. You can zip it up and then along the front there is room to store things like your charger, maybe some AirPods, some documents, whatever you need. But super basic, just a nice way to protect your computer. This one comes in a bunch of different colors. I went with this warm camel one I believe is the color, but I'll leave this linked in the description down below as well as all the other accessories that I mentioned. Next accessory is the Belkin MagSafe camera mount for your MacBook. This is actually multi-purpose as well, but one of the features is allows you to use your phone as your webcam on the MacBook Neo. If you ever try to use the built-in webcam on your MacBook, you already know it's not great. It's very blurry and it's just I really wish they put in a better webcam, to be honest. But by using your phone and this little device, it completely fixes that and gives you a much higher quality setup. To use this, all you got to do is slap it onto the back of your phone and then there's this little lip thing here that you just pull out. Now you can rest your phone on top of your MacBook screen. And when you're not using it as your webcam, you can actually just keep it on your device and use this little kick-out stand if you want to watch content hands-free. Or you can actually use it as a little grip to make sure you don't drop your phone, which I think is pretty cool. I love having devices that serve more than one purpose. And the best part is this works seamlessly with Apple's continuity camera, so there's really no complicated setup. All you got to do is accept to use your iPhone as your webcam and there you go. And as we compare the image quality from the MacBook Neo's webcam to the iPhone, it's clearly night and day. So whether you are doing call or recording content, you're just going to show up a much sharper and cleaner without needing to buy an expensive camera. Pricing is around $30, so it's a pretty affordable upgrade for how much better it makes your video look. But if you'd rather not use your phone, then you can totally look at a dedicated webcam. And I like this tiny little guy. This is the OBS Bot Me 2. I just love how simple and plug-and-play this really is. So once you set up, it's pretty much ready to go. All you got to do is plug in a USB-C cable on the back and the other end into your MacBook. And then you take this little handy mount that has a magnetic base and just drop it on. And you can just place this on top of your MacBook screen. This is going to give you a massive improvement in terms of image quality. This allows you to shoot 4K video, so you're going to get a sharper and just overall a nicer-looking image. And for reference, let's compare it to the MacBook Neo's built-in webcam. These come in a bunch of fun colors as well, so you can really spice it up depending on which color MacBook you get. Pricing for the OBS Bot Me 2 is $99. So, it is a little bit more premium, but if you want to make videos right from your new, I think it is totally worth it. And if you are wanting to grow on YouTube this year, one thing that really helped me early on was reading this book, YouTube Secrets. This is actually a book written by Sean Cannell and Benji Travis. And this really helped me understand how to come up with better video ideas that actually gets views and gave me a real strategy instead of guessing what my next video should be. And right now, you can get a copy for free as long as you cover shipping. We'll send it out to you. I'll have this linked in the description down below if you want to check it out. One of my favorite accessories for improving my productivity is a mouse. This is the Logitech MX Master 4 mouse. This thing is not cheap, but if you are wanting the best computer mouse, honestly, this is it. This thing is so ergonomic and if you're doing any kind of work beyond browsing, this makes a huge difference. When I am working at my computer for a longer periods of time, a mouse is just way more comfortable and efficient. And this thing has a bunch of buttons and dials all over it that really helps speed up your workflow. I have one program for my copy, my paste, scrolling the volume, which is a game changer if you are editing videos, navigating timelines, or just even though general workflow stuff. I've had the original MX Master mouse, the 3, and now the 4, and there's been big improvements each time. I really like the new finish on the MX Master 4. This looks like it should last a lot longer. Plus, I really like the quiet mouse clicks. Price for the MX Master 4 is $120, so definitely a more premium accessory, but if you use your MacBook a lot, this is one of the upgrades that you'll feel immediately. And if I had to mention one more accessory for the MacBook Neo, it simply be AirPods. I currently have the AirPods Pro 2s and the AirPods Max. These really help me focus and get my work done when I am in a public setting thanks to their great noise cancellation. And at the time of recording this video, you can actually get the new AirPods Pro 3's for $50 off. So, those are seven accessories I think every MacBook Neo owner should at least consider, especially if you're trying to get more out of your setup. And I will mention you don't have to buy everything at once, but adding one or two of these can definitely help. But, let me know in the comments which one you will pick up first. And if you want to see more videos on the MacBook Neo, check out this video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nikewray [9 likes]: I get the whole thing, but...again, spending $100 for each accessory is lowk for someone that bought the MacBook Neo - a $500 laptop. and trust me i spent $300 for my custom-built keyboard. like for example, you don't exactly need a webcam? while your iPhone also supports it. the MX Master is a great mouse...for those who REALLY likes the shape of it, any mouse should be fine.

same with the AirPods Pro and Max... which are half and the whole price of the Neo itself-
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [3 likes]: Which of these 7 MacBook Neo accessories are you picking up first? 🤔 Let me know in the comments!
💻 Check out the MacBook Neo here 👉 https://geni.us/zcY8
  3. @guaiqueritech [2 likes]: If one buys a Neo for content creation, instead of a MacBook Air, it’s because financial constraints are an issue. Some great accessories can be found if you are willing to accommodate. 

Last  year I got a lightly used Anker 575 13-in-1 dock for $55 ($140 on Amazon at the time). 
Aluminum external NVME enclosures can be found on eBay for $9-15
MX Master mouse is nice, but the Mx Ergo (also by Logitech) is great for ergonomics, and it costs a third of the price if you find it on sale
I bought a monitor light bar at Walmart for $2 (clearance)
Regarding the AirPods, I get they are great and convenient, but for content creation I got me a set of wired IEMs from KZ, for $20…. Best earphones in my small collection for video editing.
  4. @x.guuh00ng.x0 [1 likes]: Honestly a good webcam like obsbot just fits Mac setups really well, clean look and no hassle
  5. @frankbrock [1 likes]: Spend $1,000 on a $600 laptop.

I guess that means:  Don't buy the $600 laptop.  :D.
  6. @CeciliaCurit-k9k6y [1 likes]: Wow 😲❤
  7. @johnclay7644 [1 likes]: Informative overview, informative content thanks think media.
  8. @SarafiAfghanistan [1 likes]: 🎉😊
  9. @zeoleeYT: Everything you recommended is over price. All I need to get is a case for neo for just $12 on Amazon which also included other like keyboard protector & screen protector.
  10. @Asianman26: any work lights to recommend since keyboard have no backlight ?
  11. @mikecane: No link for the USB hub?
  12. @darenalmonte1631: why are your nails on one hand cut and not the other?
  13. @dafiltafish: I gotta say, as a viewer of this video on a 1080p+ screen with decent color (1080 is still very much standard for video content consumption online), I can't see much of a difference between the iphone, neo, and dedicated cameras... additionally I think that if you are not shooting video for youtube any "upgraded" camera you get for zoom, teams, slack, discord etc. is a waste of money with how compressed and messed with video chat streams get.
  14. @DragonFinds: I’ve been looking for a webcam for my Mac too and obsbot seems like the easiest plug-and-play option 👀
  15. @alexarriaza4016: So... basically buy a dell

- This is Not the DJI Pocket 4 Pro...: Kind: captions Language: en The footage you're seeing right now is from an unreleased camera that Insta360 [music] just put out. And we think it just might kill the DJI Osmo Pocket 4. Let's check it out. Craig and I are here in Vegas for NAB and we got our hands on the Insta360 Luna Ultra and there are five key things that could make this [music] the DJI Osmo Pocket 4 killer. Starting with number one, that's multiple focal lengths. So one of the biggest advantages this camera has over the Pocket 3 and 4 is its multiple focal lengths. So we're not talking just the normal 2x you might get on those cameras. [music] This can go far beyond that. We can't actually mention how much it can zoom in but from what you can see in these shots, you can zoom in quite far and get some really detailed shots and I love that I can choose my framing a lot better. I get more creative with my angles. So it's pretty cool that you have that flexibility on a small [music] pocket camera like this. So let's demonstrate this multiple focal lengths. Right now we're on the standard wide angle and this is what you can expect but you know, often times we get limited by this one wide angle and we want to zoom in to the distance [music] and grab some close-up details. So we're going to switch over to a closer up. We're going to zoom in. Let's go ahead and do that right now. And now we have zoomed in and this is such a dramatic difference. We get a lot less background but that can be really interesting when it comes to getting more close-up, showing more emotion, close-up details. Absolutely loving this but also allows you to not only reframe and sub like isolate your subject but also you can do cool things like track your subject and get some cool parallax Michael Bay-esque footage. So super cool to see that we have this level of flexibility on such a tiny travel camera. Now additionally, the Luna can finally film in 10-bit color with 14 stops of dynamic range. So this is the first Insta360 camera at this point to actually feature 10-bit color. Now this will be on par with the 10-bit that's available in the DJI Osmo Pocket 4. Both cameras can shoot 10-bit color but as you look at this footage right here, you'll see a ton of great dynamic range in these scenes. The colors in the sky and the highlights in the shadows are all preserved because you get that nice I-Log color profile that we've graded using the Insta360 provided LUT and then we adjust a little bit of the color grade ourselves just to enhance a little bit more but this is what that 10-bit footage looks like. In terms of sensor size, it is a 1-in sensor with an F1.8 aperture. >> [music] >> What this means is we should expect some shallow depth of field, especially as I get closer and then also improvements in low light. We took this camera out to Fremont Street, tested some low light LED stuff. Super cool to see and we can just see in these visuals how it holds up. We are shooting log so it's really putting it to test when it comes to low light but just judge for yourself how the image quality looks when it comes to low light scenarios. Now this camera actually is going to come in two distinct versions and we have the more premium option right here and then there's going to be a little simpler version as well that creators can access at a more affordable price point but also it's going to come in two colorways. So you're going to get black and a white option as well which is great for creators who want just that creative style they're looking for out of their camera. Now if you pay close attention to this gimbal head, you can see that it has Leica written on it and this is because Insta360 is working closely with Leica. They've done so on their other cameras so there are certain features that are coming with this camera that I can or can't say but you can expect great image quality when it comes to the lenses, the optics and even some software level things but [music] it's cool that we have that name brand coinciding with this. Leica is world-renowned when it comes to the photography aspect of it. As you pay close attention to the image quality from this footage, notice the sharpness, any sort of lens flares. I'm pretty impressed with the footage so far. Now if you're somebody who's actually interested in picking up this kind of camera, it's going to serve a very similar use case to what the Pocket 3 has been for years. So typical day in the life vlogging. It actually can get some pretty cinematic results. So if pros are interested in having a nice vlog style compact camera they can travel with them but still get the best possible image quality with that 10-bit color, [music] a large 1-in sensor, you're really able to get some pretty solid results. And if you're a beginner, it's a camera that'll grow with you as you get better with your skills and understand how to even shoot in things like manual settings with log profiles. So first impressions of the Insta360 Luna, immediately off the bat we knew this is a bigger version than what we expected from the Pocket 3 which is very small, compact. [music] This is bigger a bigger grip. I felt it was a better fitting in the hand, a little bit more ergonomic. I feel like also the build quality is superior to the DJI Osmo Pocket 3. So it's interesting to see that they are trying to pack more professional features, a lot more than on the Pocket 4. >> And this is an interesting question like is this almost too much camera? There's a certain quality with the Pocket 3 that it's simple, easy to use but this, we get more professional features but do you necessarily need all those features? That's up to you to decide. Now we know we can't share a ton about the Insta360 Luna right now but if you want to see more, be sure to follow along with us here at Think Media. And if you want to check out another video from us on screen, you can click or tap the screen right here and we'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MincaTeaRr [16 likes]: This made the Luna look a lot more interesting than I expected. A pocket camera with this kind of image quality potential could be a really big deal for daily creators.
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [14 likes]: Note: All footage for the Insta360 Luna was shot in the I-Log color profile and corrected using the provided Insta360 conversion LUT. All colors and camera settings are currently using a very early beta firmware.
  3. @AlextheLue [14 likes]: YOOO THINK MEDIA CROSSOVER?!
  4. @SabinaMaj-i8g [6 likes]: Heard Insta360 luna is focusing more on color and image tuning, curious how that plays out in real use.
  5. @Trader-z9e [1 likes]: 17 Stops Dynamic range in Pocket 4P. Vs 14 in Insta Luna
End of discussion
  6. @BornToBeAggressive [1 likes]: Here’s facts.

Pocket 4p > insta luna > pocket 4

No comments.
  7. @Raiendrops: Ya’ll need to stop using “kill” or “killer” wording lmao
  8. @chevyttw: Looks like cell phone footage
  9. @RaviASMR: 8k?
  10. @Citizen_2066: Seeing people not understand that this camera is in Beta must be frustrating for i360 😅 but when you understand that they are simply making a bid for potential buyers in this camera segment, especially with DJI currently dropping their versions of this camera, then this sort of publicity starts to make more sense.
  11. @IamRitaliciouzTV: Why the color so dark
  12. @angeloantalan8195: Dji>insta360. Sorry
  13. @defne21-l2n: Çok güzel bir paylaşım olmuş
  14. @defne21-l2n: Çok güzel bir fotoğraf olmuş
  15. @GlassAve: Skin tones are green gray. 😅
  16. @Citizen_2066: The Dual Lens is such a HUGE DEAL!!! It essentially means people no longer have to use their phones or a different camera to try and get different focal lengths or B-roll. Not having to juggle my OP3 and iPhone is going to be such a game changer when it comes to workflow. I just hope the gimbal operation is as smooth as DJI’s.
  17. @DuaAffirmations: not good quality seems something awkward about image quality
  18. @hunghuynh6582: why the highlight is so off?
  19. @AndrewWilson998: the color is weird...  pocket 4 is way better than this lol
  20. @zironph: Have to agree with the sharpness but i have to disagree with the Color output. It looks washed out specially the background like the sky, way to gray ish. If you know what i mean. Also the HDR needs to get updated NGL.

- How to Edit a YouTube Video in 2026 (Start to Finish): Kind: captions Language: en If you've never edited a YouTube video before, it can feel pretty overwhelming at the beginning, but the good news is this, it's actually a lot easier than you think if you follow the right process. So, in this video, I'm going to teach you how to edit your first ever YouTube video so you can start making your own videos. So, step one is to choose which software you're going to use to do your video editing, and for beginners, we highly recommend starting with the software CapCut. It's really user-friendly, it's completely free to get started, and there's a lot of really great tools for beginners who are wanting to make videos faster. If you do want an editing program that's a little bit more professional, there is a software called DaVinci Resolve that pros use to edit all the time. Some of the editors on our team use DaVinci Resolve, and it's a world-class editing software, and they have a free version that is very capable. But, for today's video, you can go ahead and download CapCut, and make sure to grab the desktop version for whatever computer you have, either Mac or Windows. Now, the next step is to organize all of our content before we bring it into our editing software, so we just make sure we set up our project files correctly. So, whether you recorded your video on your computer or a smartphone or even a dedicated camera, you want to make sure that you pull those files onto your computer and organize them in distinct categories. So, I've made a folder for this video called how to edit a YouTube video as a beginner, and there's three main folders that you want to create. You want to create one folder called A-roll, and this is for your talking head video. So, if you're talking to the camera, this file would go into this folder called A-roll. If you have supplemental footage that you recorded to reinforce whatever you're talking about, we call this B-roll. And these are like shorter clips that we use to just reinforce if I'm talking about this microphone for today's tutorial, we shot a bunch of footage of the microphone that we can use as overlays to help better explain what we're talking about. So, content like this would go in your B-roll folder, and then project files would be any other things like graphics or logos, animations, stock footage, or music that we would want to bring into our project as well. So, be sure to organize your files before you bring them into your software. It's going to make things a whole lot easier once you get editing. Our next step is to get our project set up and import our footage into CapCut. So, once you open up CapCut, you can sign in if you would like, but I'll show you what this is like completely with the free version without even being signed in. So, the first thing we need to do is select this really big button up top called create a project, and immediately the CapCut interface will open up, and this is what you'll see. Now, the first thing we'll want to do right now is just import our media, so I'm going to go open my finder window and bring in the A-roll and the B-roll for this video. So, I'm going to click and drag, and drag those both of those folders actually directly into this import button, and they import as folders, which is really nice for organization. If I click and open this tutorial folder, we can see what's inside of there, which is these two clips. We have audio that I recorded as well as the talking head A-roll, and if I click this video, it'll automatically start playing this clip, so we can see how my A-roll's looking. So, these are the four main windows that you'll be using inside of CapCut. This top left one is how you ingest all of your media, you import footage, you also can add different audio and text effects with this left panel. The middle panel right here is for viewing your actual video, either previewing content that's not yet on your timeline or actually viewing your edit that you've already started editing. This top right panel is more details and information about the clips on your timeline, and you can do some editing to those clips with this right panel. And this very bottom window right here is your editing timeline. So, as you drag in media that you actually want to edit, we'll start building our timeline right here. So, now that our project is all set up, it's now time to start editing our A-roll or the main story and the talking head portion of our video. So, if I go up to this clip right here, this is the video that we're editing today, and I can actually just click and drag that directly onto this timeline, and I can start editing. Alternatively, if I delete this, I could go up to the clip, right-click, and then hit new timeline with selected item, and that's another really easy way to create a new timeline. If you want to zoom in on your clip, you can use this zoom slider right here or hit the command minus and plus buttons to see your clips just a little bit bigger if you'd like. You could also grab this video layer to expand it a little bit if you want to see the audio a little bit better. Now, if you recorded audio separately, you can drag your audio directly into the timeline, and then you can sync up those clips manually by just aligning the audio layers to make sure your audio is all in sync. Now, because I actually recorded audio separately, I'm going to mute this track by grabbing this audio little levels right here and drag it completely to the bottom. So, now I've just muted my A-roll clip because I want to use this high-quality podcast audio for this video. And because these are treated as separate clips right now, I'd like to actually merge them together. So, what I'm going to do is highlight both of them, right-click, and then create a compound clip. And all this does is treat these almost like one video file, and it just makes life a lot easier for me. So, it's something you could try out if you ever want to create compound clips. So, now I need to go in and start editing this introduction because I actually did the intro three different times, and the third take was actually the best one. Let's watch that. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for beginners. It's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, at this point, everything to the left of that clip needs to be deleted, so I'll hit B on my keyboard to open up the blade tool, and this is how I make a bunch of edits. So, I can clip, clip, clip all in here, and then if I want to, I can click A to highlight and drag and delete all those clips. We don't need any of those things. And now there's this big gap right here, and what I can do is actually move this over if I would like, or I can turn on automatic snapping right here. So, if I click this button, everything's going to snap automatically anytime I make an edit. So, same thing over here, everything on the left side of this hook needs to be deleted, so I'll click, hit A on my keyboard to remove this video clip, and then hit delete, and everything snaps over to place. Let's watch the hook now. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for beginners. It's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, at this point, I need to go through the entire timeline and just get my story solidified. So, I'm going to go through and cut out all of the different mistakes, and if I kind of rambled on, I want to delete that as well, and just get the story as tight as I can. So, I just went through and edited all of the A-roll for my video, and this is probably what your timeline would look like. You have a bunch of different clips and different lines and cuts in the video because you removed several mistakes. And what we need to do at this point is actually add what's called B-roll. So, this is supplemental footage that will help reinforce whatever we're talking about in our video, but it also helps cover cuts or mistakes that we made in our video to make the video feel more seamless. So, if I go back up to this media pool, I can click all to view all of my media sources, and I want to click in this folder and look at Lark A1 B-roll. If I stretch this out, I can see more of the clips, or I'll make it maybe just like right here so I can view three rows, and I can scroll through and look at all of this high-quality B-roll that we shot for this video. So, let's listen to what I say right here in this portion of the video. All of it fits right inside this really tiny carrying case. So, as I talk about that tiny carrying case, it'd be great to visually show the case that I'm talking about, and I shot a bunch of B-roll that I can overlay over the top of that portion to even cover this cut that exists right here. So, as I scroll through my media pool, I can see this clip right here where I'm highlighting the case. And actually, instead of dragging the entire clip onto the timeline, I don't need the whole clip. And instead of having to like drag out these handles here, I can actually go up to this window, and then as the video plays, I can hit I on my keyboard to set an in-point, and then hit O to set an out-point. So, now I'm just dragging this tiny little portion of this video by selecting I and O to tell the software don't drag the entire clip, just drag this little portion that I actually want to use. So, I'll pull that down into the video right here, and we can see that it's actually a little bit shorter than we need it to be, and I need the clip to actually be extended all the way to the end of this frame to cover this cut right here. Now, what I could do is just drag out the handle a little bit more, but maybe the footage gets a little shaky at the end, and that's not preferable. Now, I actually recorded this B-roll in a higher frame rate so I could slow that footage down later, and I'll show you how to do this here inside of CapCut. So, if I click on this clip, we can just go up to this top right corner and click on speed, and I'm able to adjust the speed all the way down to 40% because I shot this clip in 60 frames per second. And because of the timeline setting that I'm working on with my A-roll being 24 frames per second, this clip can be slowed down all the way to 40% and still play back buttery smooth. Now, all I need to do is adjust my handles to the proper position. So, maybe I want the clip to start right here. I'll drag this over, and then re-align the clip to make sure it actually is over the cut point right here, and then I'll drag this handle so that it covers that clip so that as I'm talking about the charging case, this B-roll plays in slow motion. Let's watch that clip. and computers. All of it fits right inside this really tiny carrying case. Perfect, it's looking really good. So, I just added a little bit more B-roll to the timeline. Let's check out how this is looking. The kit comes with two kinds of receivers. You can use the lightning receiver for older iPhones, and then the USB-C receiver for newer iPhones, Android devices, or even tablets and computers. All of it fits case. So, that additional B-roll footage really helps cover some of those cuts and mistakes that I made in the video, but also just reinforces exactly what I'm talking about in the video. That viewer is now able to see visually everything I'm speaking about. Now, maybe you don't have time to go out and film all of your own B-roll, or it's just sort of impractical for the kind of content that you create. Well, that's okay because there's services out there like Storyblocks, which is the sponsor of today's video. Storyblocks gives you unlimited access to a massive library of high-quality stock assets all for one predictable subscription cost. They have amazing 4K and 1080p footage and also have motion graphics and music, sound effects, and more. I've personally been using Storyblocks for about 8 years to fill in all of those missing pieces of my video projects here at Think Media or even in my professional freelancing business that I just don't have time to go out and shoot myself. It's honestly such a game-changer and has saved me hours on different projects. Storyblocks is also making a point to highlight real creators' work and creators are adding new content to the platform all the time that's high quality and looks fantastic. And there's also a ton of overlays and texture packs and transition animations, all of these different things that as you grow as an editor, you will love leveraging. So, I use Storyblocks all of the time. If you want to give it a try, you can click the link down in the description below or head to storyblocks.com/thinkmedia to sign up today. Now, after our B-roll is complete, it's time to add some music and sound effects to just make the sound experience of our video a little bit better. What's great about CapCut is they have a bunch of built-in audio and different music and sound effects that you can leverage right away or you can drag in your own content that you have to work with. Like right here, I have an entire folder of music from Storyblocks that I downloaded. If we click into this folder, we can see all of these different audio tracks that I could drag right into my timeline. Let's listen to one of these. Hey, I think this one fits the vibe of this video. So, I'll drag this audio right onto the timeline and place it below my A-roll's audio and it can just live right there on audio layer two. I will click the blade tool and clip off the end so we're not getting any of this additional audio in our export. If we listen to the audio right now and just leave it as is, it's going to be way too loud and overpower our mix. Let's listen to it right now. This is my favorite [music] budget Like you can't actually even hear my voice. So, we need to lower the audio volume of the music to let my voice come through a little bit more. If I expand this audio layer, it'll be easier to see this little lever right here that I can pull up or down to increase or decrease my audio volume. And typically a great place for your audio to live is right around like -32 dB to 36 dB is where we typically keep it. So, let's listen to what it sounds like right around -33. This is my favorite budget wireless microphone for Now, that adds a really subtle ambiance. It's not too loud where it's overpowering the mix, but just enough to add a nice little vibe for the video. The next step would be to add any titles or graphics that you might want to have in your scene and I'll show you just how to do a really simple one inside of CapCut. So, if we go up here to this top left window, we can click the text button right here and you can add a default text or look at some of these presets. Now, some of these are actually for the premium plan, so you got to make sure you're not grabbing like the purple diamond unless you pay for CapCut. Instead, you can actually just start with a default text and drag that right onto the timeline. And now it's visible on our timeline and I'm going to change this to the title or the name of the microphone. So, this is the Hollyland Lark A1. I'm going to highlight it all by hitting command A and I do want to change the font here. So, let's cycle through some of these different options, ones that are not a part of the paid plan to find one that we're liking. I like this Arial here and we need to make sure we scale it up or down to be the right size. There's different preset styles you can select if you would like and just make this based on your preferences. So, I'm just messing with this title screen a little bit to get it just right and that's part of this process of editing is just messing with things for a while until you get the style you like. But what I want to do is add an animation to the in point of this text so that as the text comes on screen, it adds a little animation and movement to the text. Here's a simple effect called fade reveal. So, let's add this to the clip. It's the Hollyland So, as the Hollyland Lark A1 is announced, it actually slowly fades in and reveals the text and let's watch that back together. beginners, it's the Hollyland Lark A1. So, as we look at our timeline right now, what you'll notice is we're almost building distinct layers for every step of our editing process. So, our first video layer is all of my talking head footage. So, it's me looking at the camera speaking. Our second video layer is all of our B-roll. So, that's supplemental footage we can add to layer on top of our B-roll. And then our third video layer are all of our text animations that we can add and you could add subsequent video layers as your edits get more complex. But a helpful tip is try to keep all of the same type of content on its own video layer. So, all of my A-roll is always going to go on layer one. Layer two might be all of my B-roll and layer three could be all of your graphics as to not make your timeline too confusing. Now, one of the last things you could do before you export your video is make sure you color correct any clips that maybe just don't look the best. And so, all you have to do is click on a clip and then go to your very top right window up here and then there's all these different ones, speed, animation, but you want to go to adjust. And this is where you can adjust some of the colors of your clip. You could add a LUT, which stands for lookup table and that's kind of a color overlay, like a color preset you could add to your footage if you've ever downloaded those. That's where you would add your LUTs. But you can also just manually do this. If I wanted my footage to be a little bit warmer, I could do that, add some more contrast potentially, bring down my highlights if it was like a little bit too bright. All of these different things you can do. I could sharpen it up if it was too soft. I can add some clarity as well. If your camera lens had some vignetting, you can correct for that by adding white to the edges of the frame or you could increase your vignetting if you want to kind of hone in on the center of the frame, you could do that as well. And if you want to see what those color adjustments look like, you can turn on and off your adjustment layer really quickly to see that color correction. At this point, if you're feeling good about your edit, the next step is to actually review the entire edit to make sure everything is looking proper and this is where you honestly can catch a lot of mistakes and save you time and headache before you export your video and have a mistake in the video. You want to spend time watching your video. But a little hack for this is if you want to save yourself time, you can watch the video in two times speed. All you have to do is hit your space bar to hit play and then hit L to fast forward. And now this video is playing in two times speed and I do this all of the time. You can even edit in two times speed if you really want to save time editing. But reviewing your video in two times speed is a little hack that us editors use. Once you finalize and reviewed your video, it's time to export your video, which is our final step. So, all you have to do is go up to the very top right corner and you do want to adjust some specific export settings here. The first thing is you want to change the name of your export setting if you didn't change the name of your project to begin with. We can just call this like Lark A1 mini review. You also want to export this to a specific destination. Maybe your downloads or into your documents, wherever you would prefer this to live, you can select a manual destination for it. Now, when it comes to resolution, you do want to export in a minimum of 1080p quality or if you shot your video in 4K, you can export in 4K quality. Just know that CapCut's free version does have different limits based on the credits that you've used for your different export settings. For bitrate, you do always want to select higher if possible. Don't choose recommended or lower, you want the highest bitrate possible because this will just give your video the most amount of information and quality once you've exported. For codec, we like the H.264 codec or ProRes 422. H.264 is usually fine for most people, so go ahead and select that. For format, go ahead and select MP4 instead of MOV. It's just more universally compatible. For frame rate, just export in whatever frame rate you shot your A-roll in. So, if you shot in 30 frames per second for your A-roll, export in 30 frames. If you shot in 24, you'll want to export in 24 frames per second. If you also wanted to export the audio, you could do that right here as an MP3 or wave file. I would actually choose wave if I was just exporting the audio. Once you're finished with all this, you can go ahead and hit export and your video will export in honestly just a few minutes. CapCut is honestly pretty fast with their export times. And once your export finishes, you can open it up on your computer and just make sure that everything exported properly and you're good to go. And what's great about these 10 easy steps is that all of these steps are repeatable for literally every single video. Every video I make at Think Media, I've made like over 120 videos for Think Media. I follow all of these 10 steps for every single piece of content. If you want to try out CapCut, we'll link it down in the description below as well as Storyblocks if you want to enhance your videos with high-quality stock media assets. So, I'll link that in the description below as well. Now, if you're struggling at all with the recording phase of your videos, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch this video where I walk you through some of the easiest ways to start making better videos faster. So, go ahead and click the screen right there and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [5 likes]: Are you currently using a smartphone or a computer to edit your YouTube videos? 💻📱 Let me know below!
🔥Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video! Get 2 extra months free with annual plans for a limited-time only: https://storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
  2. @SSNewberry [2 likes]: What I would like is the bubble down in the corner while the rest of the screen is something else.
  3. @DirectingThaFrame [2 likes]: This channel has always been very informative
  4. @jeffhammerforteimpact [2 likes]: Love the vibe of this community. Authentic and high-value as always!
  5. @Grandmastr13 [1 likes]: 👇New creators gather here! 👇We will all succeed in the end
  6. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: Capcut is great just be aware of their prices. After you pay they crank up the prices for next year subscription. Anyone else experience this?
  7. @VirgoAnimalWhisperer: For us in the 60 year range could you slow down just a bit? I keep having to hit stop and rewind. I am new to this so I am getting lost. I speak fast too and when teaching I need to remember to slow down.
  8. @wordpresssmadesimple: Thank you this was very helpful
  9. @Rage_ReDefineD: What if you wanted to add a moving text/object behind you but in front of the background? basically so it looks like it's in the room with you.
  10. @SheilaReed-d8n: SUPERB tutorial
  11. @SheilaReed-d8n: Hi… I’m currently editing on my smartphone. But I do don’t much editing. I do use CapCut. Wanted to start doing different style videos which will need more editing. This is a great video. I’ll be saving this to use while I edit my next few with desktop. Thank you
  12. @8bitbeardco: On a Mac i need simple and quick and just use iMovie....built in and can do what I need to do for overlays and such.  Has great audio and coloring options also.  Keep it simple to keep moving forward.  Great video for CapCut!!!  Thanks for the tutorial.
  13. @LovingGelato2025: You just changed my whole life! I have not been able to find a you tube video that explains every little thing because i am a beginner and i dont have an iphone or a mac book. But i have been wanting to start a you tube channel for YEARS. So Thank you so much for this video! You have no idea! ❤❤
  14. @steeltownmike79: I use my cell phone to film the videos and I edit them on my cell phone with YouTube create
  15. @jose_ramon_777: SUPERB tutorial 💯 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
  16. @AC_17: With YouTube Editor, can you cut & trim a video that you didn't create? Thxs
  17. @GlitzGlamkre8: This is a amazingly detailed and easy to understand video. Thanks! I did not know u could export the whole files and toggle between files. Good to know!!!
  18. @archdude-eth: we need real world example step by step, for those who don't want to show there face at  all
  19. @DJSabastain68: CapCut,  steal your stuff. There's no copyright protection in CapCut.
  20. @AwakenedAngel707: Thank you for posting this video! Very helpful!

- I Built My Entire YouTube Studio… on ONE Stand!: Kind: captions Language: en So, I've been making videos for a while now, and the part that always takes the longest is simply setting up all the gear. The tripod, the lights, the audio. Before you even hit record, you're already wore out. So, after being frustrated enough times, I decided to build this, my entire YouTube studio setup all on one rolling stand. From here, I can record talking head YouTube videos, and let's say I want to change up my background, all I got to do is move the stand. And in a matter of a few seconds, I have a completely new-looking shot without having to disassemble and reassemble all my gear. Now, I've seen a few creators build setups like this, but a lot of those videos are older, and with the gear that's available now, I think we can do a better job. I'll admit this setup isn't cheap, but it is absolutely worth it if you want to make filming a lot easier. So, let's start off with the foundation of this whole setup, the rolling stand. This is the Impact Rolling Stand, and it costs around $150. It's definitely not cheap, but it is heavy-duty, and because this is going to be holding all of our gear, we're going to want something solid. I've had this one for a few years now, and it's held up great. This has wheels so you can move your entire setup around, and has a pretty small footprint. So, if you are working in a tight space, it's going to be helpful for that. It's also height adjustable, so you can dial in your camera and your framing, or where you want to rig your lights, all there easily. I also recommend adding sandbags to the base of this rolling stand, because once we start putting on our lights and cameras, everything can get a little bit top-heavy. These come in a pack of four, but you only really need one or two at the base of this rolling stand. And by the way, I'll link all the gear that I mention in this video down in the description down below if you want to check those out. Next up is lighting, and most people, when they're building their rolling stands, use a softbox, which does give a very flattering light, but they're also very big and bulky. And for my setup, I wanted something a little bit slimmer. So, I decided to go with the Amaran 200x Max. And what I like about this light is it's super lightweight, and also easy to mount onto the rolling stand. So, this gives not only very soft, flattering light right out of the box, but it's also in a very compact form factor. And this just keeps things really simple and easy to move around. This light also gets just as bright at 60 W, and I often only use it at around 2 or 3% for most setups. And it's also a bi-color light, so you can really fine-tune depending on your setup. Now, the Amaran 200x Max is a desk light, so that's how I often use it for my setups, but you can use it on a normal rolling stand. And to do that, you do need a light stand mount adapter in order to attach the 200x onto our rolling stand. And now, we can slide on the Amaran 200x Max. Another cool thing about this light is you can power it through USB-C. So, instead of plugging it into the wall and having to deal with this big cord as you move across your room, you can actually just power this through a simple USB-C bank. Or in my case, I'll be using the SmallRig V-mount battery to power our light. Now, we need some way to attach the battery to our rolling stand so it all moves together. I'm actually just using this V-mount strap that I found in some of my other gear. All you got to do is wrap it around, secure it, and then I can slide in my V-mount battery nice and secure. Now, if you can't find something like this, I'll leave a link to this V-mount clamp that should do the job just as well. From there, it's pretty simple. All you got to do is run a USB-C cable from the battery to the light, and now I have this portable light that delivers this really soft quality light in extremely small form factor. Now, to mount our camera to the stand, we're going to want something really sturdy. We don't want to go cheap with a friction arm that will loosen over time, and and believe me, I tried it. It does not work. It's a nightmare. So, instead, I'm using an Impact Super Clamp, which is super solid, pun intended, and I can just clamp that directly to the stand itself. Then, we're going to need an extension arm, which is going to slide directly into this Super Clamp. This should also have a spigot included that we can attach to the extension arm, and this gives us tripod threads so we can add in our own ball head that we can then can attach our camera to. So, not only is this camera mount setup extremely sturdy, but also gives us plenty of adjustments. If we want to adjust the angle of the camera, we can do that all with the ball head and mounting this clamp. Plus, this ball head actually allows you to rotate the camera. So, if you plan on doing vertical filming for shorts or social media content, within a few seconds, you can just unloosen this ball head, and now you have a vertical filming setup. Now, before we talk about audio, I want to share a little bit of our process when it comes to recording remote interviews, podcasts, and even streaming. And there's one tool that we use for all of that, and that is Riverside. [music] Riverside is an online platform that lets you record high-quality video and audio, whether you are filming solo or with remote guests. And one of the biggest reasons that we use Riverside is that it records everything locally on each person's device. So, even if your Wi-Fi glitches out, your footage is still clean and high-quality. There's no lag or dropped audio, so you don't have to redo everything. They also support 4K video recording, which means if you're doing a setup like this, you can still capture full-quality video. And once you're finished recording, you can actually edit your video inside Riverside. You can trim mistakes, remove filler words, and generate captions using their built-in tools. You can even repurpose your content by creating vertical clips for shorts, reels, or TikTok in just a few clicks. So, instead of recording in one place and editing in another, this is kind of like having your entire workflow in one platform. And just like everything here is built to make filming faster and easier, Riverside helps streamline everything. So, if you want to try Riverside for yourself, you can check out the link in the description down below and use the code Think Media to get 1 month free of their Pro Plan. Next up, we need to think about the audio quality, and there's a couple different solutions for this. Number one is probably the simplest, and that is using a wireless mic. You can just plug the receiver into the camera, and then clip the wireless microphone onto your shirt. And that is great if you plan on moving around a lot, especially if you get further away from the camera. But one thing I want to do for my setup is I didn't want to have to worry about charging a wireless mic or anything like that. So, instead, I'm going to be mounting a little shotgun mic to this setup. So, in order to do this, we're going to need a couple of different accessories in order to mount our microphone to the stand. First of which, we're going to need this Impact In-Jaw Vise Grip, and this will allow us to mount our microphone basically anywhere on this center column, and then we can mount it really securely with this little handle. Now, these come in a bunch of different sizes. I believe I have the smaller 2-in version to keep everything portable. We could also go with the 6-in if you want a little bit more mounting flexibility. From there, we're going to mount this grip head onto that vise grip, and then we're going to need this cheap microphone boom arm. You can typically find these on Amazon for around $20. We want to remove that desk clamp that comes included, and this will allow us to slot in directly into the grip head. Just give it a big twist, and that will mount it nice and securely to the stand. On the other end of the microphone arm, we can attach our microphone of choice. I've been really liking the Rode VideoMic Go II. I think it sounds great. It's around $100. For the price, I think it sounds wonderful. Plus, we don't have to worry about any batteries with this microphone, which is awesome. Then, you just want to make sure you are placing the microphone in the best position, and that is bringing it as close as you can without it being in the camera frame. So, as my microphone is just literally out of frame, and this allows me to get much more rich audio. I'll have less background noise when we get the microphone in the right position. And then, to connect the microphone to your camera, I'm using a simple 3.5 mm cable that runs directly into the camera. Cool thing about this microphone is there's actually a USB-C port as well. So, if you do use your smartphone to record videos, all you got to do is run a USB-C cable to your phone, and you'll also have great audio with this setup. Which brings me to one of the coolest parts of this setup is the fact that you can literally use any camera with this setup, and it's going to look and sound great. We have good lighting, a good microphone, all on really heavy-duty stand. So, no matter which camera you use, it is automatically going to improve the look and sound of your videos. As far as the camera that I'm using for this setup, I went with the Canon R50V. I really like the colors, the 4K crisp video you get from this camera. It's also pretty affordable at around at $600 for the body only. Now, the lens that I'm using with this camera is the Sigma 16 mm F 1.4. I think this is one of the best lenses if you are doing YouTube talking head videos, because you still have a nice wide angle, but you're also close enough so you can adjust things like your settings, your record button. But the main point is this works with whatever you already have, whether it is a smartphone, or using a fancy mirrorless camera. But I absolutely love the fact that if I ever want to change my camera angle, rather than moving 15 different things for my setup, all I got to do is just move this one stand, roll it around a little bit, and there we go, I have a slightly new angle, which is super cool. Now, pricing for this entire setup costs around $800 to $900, which is definitely not cheap, but this will certainly help you film faster and more consistently. And for some of you, including myself, it is absolutely worth it. And if you are serious about growing on YouTube this year, I would encourage you to take this free 2-minute quiz that gives you a clear plan to grow your YouTube channel specifically for your type of YouTube channel. You can scan the QR code, or go to mycreatorquiz.com. And if you want to see another setup that I built for YouTube setups that help streamline your process, check out this video on screen, and I'll catch you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @230V-50Hz [10 likes]: Hey hey hey.. you skipped the teleprompter
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [5 likes]: Would this one-stand YouTube setup work for you? Let us know your thoughts and setup questions below ⬇
🔥 Check this entire setup here (Amazon Link) ➡ https://geni.us/cP7QYcb
🔴 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://riverside.com/home?via=sean-cannell
  3. @FamFu-FF [3 likes]: I wish success for all good YouTube creators. Remember all you need is your phone to start. That was my problem I thought I needed special gear. I did not
  4. @Doriago_B [2 likes]: Any updates on the DJI Osmo pocket 4?
  5. @VisiVisuals [1 likes]: That wireless mic sounds really good, what is it?
  6. @YoungBlaze [1 likes]: how do  you not mention the teleprompter lol
  7. @SarafiAfghanistan [1 likes]: 🎉❤
  8. @Mahadev-w7x-x4u: Nice video
  9. @anirudhm: I didn't know the concept of light stand, I was searching for monopod dolly and landed upon this video. Very informative, thanks!
  10. @JamesDavisReinvents: Is unloosen the same as tighten?  I don't think this means what you think it means........  In all seriousness thanks for the video.   Keep up the good work!
  11. @MordoVMYT: Now, a setup for an unboxing video, but in the cheapest way possible, please. 🥺🙏🏼
  12. @MattfromTheBay: Lol @dslrvideoshooter did this a while back
  13. @m.sabir21: Thanks but script seems a copy of the dxlr shooter youtube channel and published couple of years ago. Many sentences and words are exactly the copy.
  14. @jonestes5619: I got one and it makes my face shiny like a ring light. Any suggestions?
  15. @Rosayanisselli: I wanted to do that set up with that light but I ended up getting another light😢 and I regret it
  16. @jaystewart-87: Cool video! Would you suggest the  dual verge max for a 2 - 4 person podcast?
  17. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  18. @jostalking: Sweet setup question @9:20 in the video, what monitor are you using. Looks amazing
  19. @azeezsulaiman2966: @ThinkMediaTV

Your videos have strong potential your thumbnails just need a small upgrade to pull in more clicks. I’ve got a few ideas ready. Want to see some samples?
  20. @iXzenoS: These portable setups are only useful if you have a prompter, right? Because otherwise I'd need to be at my desk to view the content of what I'm talking about or the script.

- DaVinci Resolve 21 is Here!: Kind: captions Language: en DaVinci Resolve 21 just dropped, bringing a bunch of new exciting features like the ability to search your footage just by typing in what's in the clip. You can generate voiceovers by typing in text, adding background blur after you filmed your video, and there's even some AI tools to clean up your skin, remove blemishes, or even age or de-age someone. And on top of all that, there's now a full photo editing workflow right in DaVinci Resolve. So, after playing around with this a bit, I'm going to share a few features that I think are actually useful for creators, starting off with the new photo page. You can now import JPEGs and supported raw formats and organize everything into albums, which basically work like timelines but for photos. Inside those albums, you can rate images, tag them with colors, mark selects or rejects. And on the editing side, you got all your standard adjustments like exposure, contrast, saturation, but also has all the effects you already love inside Resolve that can now be applied to photos. For example, there is the new Cinny Focus, which adds blur to the background of your video. So, if I go ahead and apply this, I can select my tracking point. I'll select the face, and then I can choose how much depth of field I want. So, the less, the more shallow. Turn it up, I get a little bit less blurry background. And you can even apply an anamorphic look to your photos just by clicking this box. Having this new photo editor is really helpful because no longer do you have to jump into something like Lightroom just to edit your thumbnails or quick photos. Instead, I can have everything in one platform, and I don't have to switch apps. Now, switching over to the edit page, Resolve now has the ability to automatically analyze your footage and detect things like people, objects, animals, and even colors. So, instead of trying to manually find those different things in your clip, you can actually do this all inside the search bar. Now, in order to set this up, you will need to click on this icon above here. This is the AI clip analysis, and this will automatically search through all your footage and start analyzing things. Now, this does take a few minutes for even a simple project. So, this might be something you want to do after you import all your footage. And so, now I can go up to the search bar, and I can type in something like dog, and it will find the clip that is the dog, and I can bring it into my timeline. Super cool. Next up, we have speech generation. You want to go up to timeline, go down to AI tools, and click speech generator. So, now what you can do is you can type anything in the text input, and there are already a few different custom voice options. By default, there's two different male voices, a female voice, but you can also upload your own custom voice. So, I'm going to go ahead and do that, and I've just loaded up a file that is one of my talking head YouTube videos, loaded that up right here, and then I can just insert this text that I want to say, click generate. This will take a few minutes, but I'm curious to see how well this sounds like me. Once that is generated, you can also play around with different things like speed, variation, and pitch, and assign that to a generation ID. I'm just going to click cancel for now, and let's take a listen to what it came up with. So, instead of recording a temporary voiceover or setting up a mic just to test something, you can just type it and have something usable right away. So, you can drop that into your timeline, time things out, and build your edit around it. Okay, that's very weird. I think it sounds a lot like me, but it doesn't necessarily speak the way that I speak. So, [music] pretty interesting. I would mostly use this if I was in a pinch and maybe I flubbed a line, I could quickly generate a quick voiceover, slap that in, and I could be on my way editing the video rather than stopping and re-recording a line. But, what is really cool about this speech generator is it's not going online somewhere. Everything is localized to your computer, so you don't have to worry if someone's going to steal your voice. So, I really appreciate that. Now, one of my favorite tools that is actually not built into Resolve 21 is actually today's sponsor, Glyng. Glyng has changed the way I edit my videos rather than listening through take after take and trying to remove all the silences and filler words, you can do all that with a click of a button with Glyng. Plus, I can edit my video like a word document. I can highlight a sentence, press delete, and it makes that edit for me. Then, when I'm done with the rough cut of my video, I can export it directly into DaVinci Resolve and still fine-tune everything after [music] the fact. I literally use Glyng for every single video that I make, and it easily saves me hours [music] each time. If you want to try Glyng out for yourself, check out the link in the description down below to see how much time it can save you. All right, this next feature I'm definitely excited for is called the blemish removal tool. All I got to do is just apply that to your video, and it's going to highlight some blemishes on your face and try to remove that, and I'm super impressed. I can turn up the strength here. It's easily removed that blemish from my forehead, and actually it looks really good. Like, it doesn't look blurry or smudgy. It looks like I just don't have a blemish there, which is super cool. You can go in and fine-tune the strength and the blend if you want to fine-tune specifically for your needs, which I love having that ability to control that. This is one of those simple things that is generally going to change the way I make videos rather than waiting for my skin to clear up on certain days. Like, right now I have a blemish, but I can just remove that by applying this effect. Now, this next feature is also very similar. It's the face age transformer. So, if you've ever had to film a project where maybe you need to age someone up a bit or maybe de-age them, this in theory should allow you to do that. So, we're going to quickly apply this, and then it's going to detect the face, we'll run that back and forth to track it, and we're going to see how much we can age myself. So, let's put in the subject's age and then the offset. So, by moving this up and back, we should age by 30 years, and oh my gosh, that looks a little awful. I do not have a bright future here. Um, but we can dial that back a little bit, and maybe age by 10 years, and then turn that on and off. It's a very subtle difference, but I kind of like that. I like that there's some subtlety. And then, let's go up to 20 years, maybe. You can start seeing some bags under my eyes, some more wrinkles. Obviously, it's not changing the hair or anything like that, but if you're just looking at the face, it is doing quite a bit. And if I wanted a more youthful appearance, I can go down in age as well. So, I can almost remove my beard there, and then bring it back. So, I've noticed that the extremes definitely don't look nearly as good, but you can play with the subtleties by maybe pushing it to maybe 20 years, it looks like. And you can see there's some eye bags, there's some wrinkles, and it's definitely making my face feel a little bit older. Now, actually did a short film where we intentionally tried to age our actress about 20 years. So, I'm really curious to see how this tool will work if I just start increasing the slider. Let's go up 20 years, and notice the difference. If I toggle this off, and then now on, it is definitely doing something. You can bring some wrinkles out in the forehead and the chin there, but then I could also decrease if I want to bring back some youthfulness. And if I play these two clips side by side, you can see that there is a difference. There's more texture and wrinkles in the forehead and the chin. So, we're definitely getting an older look that I think is subtle enough that it doesn't look too distracting. I do notice in some clips that there is a little bit of light flicker in the footage. So, I wonder if this could be resolved with a future update. Now, there are a bunch of smaller updates that add up to be more quality of life updates. One example is with audio. Normally, if you bring sound effects that has a mono audio track, you'd have to go in, click on clip attributes, and then switch that manually to stereo. It's a few clicks every time you do this, and if you are applying a lot of sound effects, this adds up really quickly. But now, DaVinci Resolve 21 is smart enough to know that, and it will automatically switch over to stereo when you import it into the timeline. Now, there's still a bunch of features that I have not covered, but I can already tell that Resolve is becoming more and more refined. The fact that we now have this photo page and all these other effects is really shaping up to be an all-in-one platform for creators, for filmmakers, for editors. It's really cool to see. I'll leave a link down below if you want to download this update. Just keep in mind, it's still in beta, and there are some bugs. I was noticing that things are a little bit slower, so you might want to hold out until an official update. But, I am curious to know which feature you are most excited about. Let me know in the comments down below. And if you want to get started in DaVinci Resolve and not sure where to begin, then be sure to check out this video on screen where I walk you through how to edit a video from start to finish.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OldSeaDoggy [4 likes]: Can't wait for the release. I am so glad that I paid the paltry sum of $299 for such a powerful application.
  2. @CarAudioObsessed [4 likes]: Did they add captions for shorts to the free version?
  3. @GCube-2112 [2 likes]: I have Davinci Resolve 20 free version. If I were to get this, would I have to download it separately or is there a thing in the app that asks me if I want the update?
  4. @thecloudtherapist [1 likes]: Last time I tried to upgrade my Resolve (from 18 to 19), it broke all my projects - all assets in my various projects went offline! Trying to re-point to the folder with all the assets didn't work, so I gave up and reverted back to v18, where I'm quite happy, thank you very much!
  5. @g-tavio [1 likes]: Do yall think the pirated one will get this update ? asking for a friend
  6. @OliBE27MH [1 likes]: DJI Pocket 4 first impressions when???
  7. @SlumberingHistoryChannel [1 likes]: @ThinkMediaTV will the DaVinci Resolve Paid version’s AI tool automatically build a detailed motion graphic brief when we provide a detailed prompt?
  8. @huismaxman: 7:33 doing all these steps is very cumbersome indeed. You also could have put your sound effects on a mono audio track (change the track type), without changing the file itself.

Though that's all in the past now with this update.
  9. @azeezsulaiman2966: @ThinkMediaTV

I checked out your latest videos—great content. With a few strategic thumbnail improvements, you could get a lot more clicks. Want me to send over some sample ideas?”
  10. @LifeWithMatty: Started my channel with your DaVinci help... thank you
  11. @whittymusic: they should make the fusion fx easier with some kinds of predone presets
  12. @gudsession: What do you recommend? I have a MacBook M1 Pro (2020) still running Monterey and haven’t updated it until now. Which version should I update to so that the battery doesn’t get worse and the system doesn’t slow down? This is for DaVinci Resolve 21.
  13. @WilliamBurdine: That Depth of Field feature... NEEDS a LOT of Help... it looks so bad... mostly because no one shoots with or has a 0.95 f-stop and this doesn't even look close to a quality 1.2.  It's cool for a start... and I'll look forward to updates... but what was shown... garbage.  The future speech generator is pretty cool.  The AGE manipulation is pretty weird
  14. @reyvaz2951: No one ask for your opinion.
  15. @farzadjahanfard: I don’t think these are free for free version is it tho?
  16. @markjob6354: What do you mean it dropped ? No it didn't F'ing drop ! When I click check for updates in my Da Vinci Studio it says 20.3.2 Build 9 is the latest version ! There is no version 21.x available ! So where are you getting this magical mystery version from ?
  17. @lukeknoxxmusic: Hälst du das Bürgergeld so wie ich für ein systemrelevantes Sozialkompetenz? Besonders in deiner Situation als Alleinerziehende von 5 Kindern? Und vor dem Hintergrund, dass die Ausgaben dafür im Haushalt nur minimal sind, besonders im Vergleich zu den hohen Steuerhinterziehung- und Steuervermeidungstricks von Milliardären und internationaler Großkonzerne?
  18. @geoffmurrin6657: Why name this post "This Shouldn’t Be Free…" ? It seems to me that most of what you are demoing is only available on the not free Davinci Resolve Studio 21. It would be fantastic to find a youtube video actually about the free version of Resolve 21.
  19. @highdough2712: Oh how I hate AI generated voice over.
  20. @coreyhallshow: So it seems like they took all the parts of CapCut I like and added it into Resolve. I am down with that, if it lets me cancel my CapCut subscription, that is a win!

- 50 Podcast Tips That Actually Work (In 22 Minutes): Kind: captions Language: en If you're thinking about starting a podcast, these 50 tips will save you months of trying to figure things out on your own. And the first tip is this. Do not let perfectionism stop you from launching your show. Remember that your artwork and your title of your podcast and your show format. It's all going to evolve over time. You can always change these things later, but you've just got to have the courage to hit record and start your podcast. The second tip is to make your podcast artwork really clear and readable on mobile devices because most of your listeners at the beginning are going to discover your show just on their smartphone as they're scrolling Spotify or Apple podcast. So, you want your album artwork to be nice and clear. An easy starting point for creating your album artwork is on a site like Canva. There's a lot of great templates and Canva is even free to start and there's a lot of free resources inside of Canva that are really helpful to start creating your first album artwork. but you want it to be readable for mobile devices. Next, as you're trying to figure out how long you should record for for your episodes, like what should that optimal length be? Really, it just needs to be as long as it needs to be to deliver value to your listener. So, these can be as short as like 8 to 10 minutes in length or all the way up to like 3 or 4 hours. Some of the most popular podcasts are multiple hours in length, but it's a little bit harder to do at the beginning. So, just ask yourself, how long did this episode need to be to deliver quality value to my listener? The answer might be somewhere between 20 minutes and 30 minutes. That's totally a fine starting point. The next tip is you want to invest in a good microphone at the beginning of your show because audio quality is honestly everything when it comes to podcasting. But the good news is you don't have to break the bank to get a good microphone. One of my favorite options that I've ever used is the Fifine AM8. And this is like a $50 or $60 microphone that even comes with a mic stand. So, this is a great starter option. And also, I've actually tested 22 different podcast microphones. I'll link a video in the description where you can check out all of these different mics at different price points to figure out the best option for your setup, but you do want to invest in a decent microphone. Now, this next tip also has to do with microphones, which is you don't want to be too far away from the microphone. So, a good rule of thumb is to be about one fist length away from your mouth to the microphone. So, the distance should be about one fist length. And if you have a guest who talks really loud or you talk like really loud and powerful, you could be about two fist lengths away, but you don't want to go much further than that. But also, you don't want to be like an inch away cuz it's going to start sounding like a little bit crazy and a little like mouthy, like you can hear all these awful sounds. So, definitely don't do that. Be about a fist length away and that'll be a good distance. You also might consider mounting your microphone to a different surface rather than the table that you're working from because that can sometimes increase like vibrations or weird handling noise if like you're touching the table or you're using your keyboard. Those can bleed into your audio recordings if you're kind of moving the table around. So consider mounting your mic stand to a different surface like a side table. That can really help reduce some of those vibrations. You also want to have a basic outline for your episode, especially outlining the hook or the first like 30 seconds or minute of your podcast because that's what's going to make the viewer or listener interested in what you actually have to say and make them answer the question of if I should actually listen to the rest of this podcast. So outlining your hook is really important. But our next tip is kind of the inverse of that. You also don't want to overscript your episodes because podcasting is supposed to be conversational in nature. don't have like a full-fledged script, unless you're doing like kind of a creative storytelling or artistic format that requires a script, then great, you can do that. But for most conversational podcast where you're interviewing guests or delivering informational value, you don't want to overscript your episodes. Also, it's okay to make mistakes throughout this whole process. Like even informationally, if you like said something that you realize later like it's actually not the most true thing I've ever said, you can correct those things later episodes. So, don't be afraid to like just speak confidently if you can and do good research, but just know you're not always going to get everything right and it's okay to make mistakes. And the 10th tip as you're getting the foundation of your podcast going is to consider leveraging video podcasting, not just audio podcasting. Because when you turn on a camera and record video, this turns your one recording session that you just did into multiple distribution opportunities. like you could turn that into a fulllength YouTube video as well as short form social media clips that you can use for marketing your podcast rather than just the audio which can only live on those audio platforms. That video footage can be leveraged in so many ways. So if you've never done this before, our favorite and easiest way to get started with video podcasting is using Riverside, which is a great remote podcasting tool that we use here at Think Media to podcast between our team members when we're not in the same location. Now, our next set of tips have to do with like the tech of your podcast. Like, how do you get all this technical aspect figured out if you've never done it before? Well, we're going to use Riverside to demo this because Riverside makes it really easy. So, tip number 11 is this. You want to record, if possible, separate audio and video tracks for better editing control. Because when you merge your audio and video files, sometimes it can be hard to like separate those and export them in different formats. And when you're hosting your podcast, you need your audio separated from your video when it comes to try to distribute them to different locations. So, what's great about Riverside is you don't even have to think about this. If you're recording inside of Riverside, if you're doing a video podcast, it's going to separate your audio and video tracks automatically for you to make distribution way easier. The next tip is to use headphones as often as you can when you're recording podcast, whether you're solo or you have guests remotely or in person. Because when you do this, you're able to catch issues in real time instead of discovering them in the editing phase of like, "Oh no, my audio is way too loud or too quiet or all there's all this like hiss going on in the audio file. If you use headphones, you'll be able to catch those things a lot quicker." And what's great about Riverside is you can actually pair headphones right into your studio dashboard and listen to the conversation and hear everything in real time. Tip 13 is you do want to avoid compressed recording tools like Zoom. So, when you record an episode in Zoom, the audio and video quality gets super compressed. And so, if you're trying to do like a video podcast, I see this all the time, the generic like Zoom screen window where it has like a side byside view that doesn't even fill the frame and the quality looks compressed and grainy. You want to avoid these tools if at all possible because the quality, especially the audio experience of your podcast, is so important and even tools like Zoom really do compress audio. You also want to record in the highest quality that you possibly can. So you can record in 4K quality either internally to your camera or even Riverside allows you to record in up to 4K quality. And for audio, if you can record in the wave format, that's going to be a way more uncompressed audio file type than something like an MP3 file. So record in wave when you're able to and the highest video resolution like 4K or at least 1080p. The next technical tip would be to actually edit your podcast because inevitably when you're podcasting or even right now recording this video, I'm going to make mistakes. There's dead space. There's words you say that are incorrect. But if you can edit your podcast, you can tighten it down a whole lot and remove some of those mistakes. So editing is great. Even with inside Riverside, they have a built-in editor where you can record your episode and immediately bring it into post-production to start trimming things around, reordering the content or removing mistakes, which is really nice. Now, you also want to clean up your audio a little bit. And there's three main tools that I'd encourage you to look into if you've never edited audio before to try to clean it up and make it sound nicer. These three tools are EQ, which equalizes some of the frequencies and sort of removes the sounds that don't sound too pleasing. There's also compression, which is going to normalize your audio levels. So, where you talked really loud, it's going to bring those down a little bit. And where you talked really quiet, it's going to equalize and normalize those audio levels. And then finally is noise reduction. So inevitably all of us have like noisy environments or like hiss or like a fan kicks on in the background that you want to remove and you can add a subtle level of noise reduction to remove some of those unwanted sounds. So for every podcast episode you do want to apply EQ compression and noise reduction and you can do all of this right there inside of Riverside or different editing softwares. Also, when editing, it can be helpful to use transcripts to edit even faster. And like inside of Riverside, it automatically generates really accurate captions for your episode that you can then use as a Word doc and edit like editing a Word doc. It's like fascinating if you've never done this before, but you can like create new sentences and new structures by just like deleting words and you edit more like a Word document, which is really cool. If you've never edited before, it can be kind of confusing, but all of us know how to edit word documents and outlines. And you can edit just like this using a transcript feature. You also should absolutely clip your podcast into short form content because marketing your podcast via short form social media is going to be one of the best ways to grow your podcast so you can repurpose the long- form episodes that you shot horizontally for vertical formats. And what's cool about Riverside is they have a built-in tool that does this right there for you. It automatically finds some of the best short form moments for your episodes and turns them into vertical clips that you can then publish to social media or you can even edit those clips even further to dial them in to your preference. Tip number 19 is to just remember to keep your setup as simple as possible. You don't want to over complicate your tech at the very beginning. And what's great about Riverside is you just plug in a microphone and maybe a camera if you would prefer and you're ready to start recording. There's not a whole lot more to it. And the simplicity of using a software like Riverside to record your first episodes really is so helpful. And our last tech and workflow sort of tip is to use the one recording that you just created to also create multiple assets, not just like social clips, but even further from that would be like emails where you could use your episode summaries and descriptions, which even Riverside can create those descriptions for you. You could use those as lead magnets to blast out to your email list to then drive traffic to the long form podcast episodes. Or even Riverside has other tools where it can summarize episodes into social media captions or posts to help save you time. And I know that tech at the beginning can be overwhelming and confusing, which is why we like a simple software like Riverside, which really consolidates everything into one platform. It's really cool. So, if you want to try it out, you can click the link in the description below and use code think media when you sign up to get one month free of their pro plan. Okay, let's shift gears to content a little bit. How do we make episodes that people actually enjoy? Well, tip 21 is this. You want to be prepared for every single episode. So, for every episode, you want to do good research. You want to come up with questions and as we said earlier, a rough outline and structure. And these things really can make a difference between a halfway decent episode and a great episode that is storydriven and has good research and good questions. A phrase we often say here at Think Media is if you fail to plan, you will plan to fail. So you want to plan as much as you can for your episodes at the beginning. Tip 22 is to just lean into your personality and your uniqueness. This is going to be your competitive advantage and your unique selling point of your specific podcast. So don't try to just make yourself feel like every other podcast. lean into your personality and that's going to help a ton. Tip 23 is to create strong hooks. And I mentioned this a little bit earlier in the video, but again, hooks are what are going to cause your viewer to want to stick around for the entirety of the episode. So hooks are so vitally important, not just for like YouTube videos where you maybe you've heard about hooks before, but also in podcast episodes, you want to script out or think through the first 30 seconds of your episode. It's also awesome to use pattern interrupts to help just change the pace or the tone or the format of your episode. mid episode or at different checkpoints rather than just like having the same exact format and tone for 71 minutes. It's like it can get a little bit exhausting. So, as you can as you're presenting material or asking questions, kind of vary your cadence or tone or do like a super fun question and then a little bit more serious or intimate question can help break up the episode a little bit more. Tip 25 is if you're hosting a podcast and you have a guest come on, don't be afraid to go deeper and ask follow-up questions. If your guest is like giving a good response and something they're really passionate about, you can always dig into that further with follow-up questions. Especially if you're interested as yourself, as like the host, your audience will probably be interested as well. So, don't be afraid. Podcasting is the space where you can go deeper. Tip 26 is to make your guests feel as comfortable as you can before your recording. So, you can actually send them your questions in advance. So, just help prevet them and help them get thinking about what kind of questions you'll ask. But once it comes to actually recording your episode, whether you're remote or in person, the time before the podcast actually is recording, is a great time to just dialogue with your guests, get to know them a little bit better if you don't know them already, and just make them feel a little more comfortable before you start recording because comfortable guests give the best answer. So, make your guests as comfortable as possible. Our next tip in terms of content is you don't want to overedit every small imperfection because some people want to get so tight with their editing and remove every single mistake. But at that point it feels kind of unnatural and podcasts are supposed to feel like a natural conversation is taking place. So there will be some odd moments or ums or dead space and sometimes that is okay. So you don't want to edit out everything or it feels a little stale. Tip 28 is a lot of us actually make like listical style videos and even this video is like 50 podcasting tips and if you have a concept for an episode that's like listical like five tips for creating better sounding podcast you can actually try to wrap those listicles in a narrative. So, like for that episode, I could create like five mistakes that almost made me quit podcasting. And that's a way more engaging title, and it's essentially the same list and same content, but now there's a story around that episode, and can make it feel more epic. So, ask yourself, how can I add like a narrative element to my podcast episodes, a story element to make them more engaging? Tip 29 is maybe my favorite one on this list. It's okay not to release an episode if it did not go well. whether you had a guest on or it was a solo episode yourself. If the video didn't go well, if the episode just isn't worth posting, it's okay. Don't post it. You can always try again. And the last content tip here, tip 30, is to study your best performing episodes because this is where you're going to really understand your audience. They're telling you here based on their viewing and listening behavior what they want more of. We often say here at Think Media, success leaves clues. Make part twos. So, if you have an episode that actually took off, that's an indicator to you that there's demand for a part two to be created and you can use the information and analytics there to make better episodes in the future. Now, let's talk about growth. Like, how do we actually get more listeners to our podcast? So, tip number 31 is to distribute your podcast on every platform. And what's great about Riverside is that they're not only like a recording and editing tool, but also a distribution platform. So what distribution is is you host your podcast with a platform like Riverside and then Riverside can direct your podcast to different listening platforms like Spotify and Apple Podcast and YouTube Music so you don't have to manually upload to all of these different locations. So get yourself a good hosting platform like Riverside to distribute your podcast so we can live in more places. Also, when you can be a guest on other people's podcasts, absolutely say yes because that's one of the fastest ways to grow your podcast is to just let other people know on already existing audiences of podcast listeners that you also, hey, I also have a podcast. Listen to me. Like, that's a great spot to start marketing your own podcast. Now, you can also just invite guests to be on your podcast. And these don't even have to be super well-known or popular guests or authors or celebrities. Someone even like Theo Vaughn has done some interesting podcast episodes with just like regular ordinary people that he like found on the street and just like brings into his studio for podcast interviews. And these episodes do really well because they are just interesting conversations and as you add guests into your podcast, it just creates for a more dynamic conversational experience. So you can try that out. Now you can also try to interview anyone who is on a book tour. So, if somebody just launched a new book and they want to get their book in front of more people, they will go on to different podcasts. Even if your podcast is super small, these authors want to get as many eyeballs as they can on the new release of their books. So, anybody who's just starting a book tour is a great person to interview. Now, while you're recording your podcast episodes, it can actually be helpful to mention other podcasts in your show to show up in the related shows section of Spotify and Apple Podcast because they really do take notice when shows are recommending different shows or are having keywords inside of the episode that actually make different audiences might be like related to each other. So, this is sort of a way you can hack the algorithm in a sense to show up in different related sections by mentioning other podcasts on your show. Tip 36 is to study related podcasts in Apple or Spotify for different topic ideas. So, anybody who's already a competitor in this space, you can look at their top performing episodes to come up with ideas for your own podcast. The next tip is to use what's called a burst strategy, which is to release multiple episodes in a short time frame to give a listener multiple videos to binge listen to at the beginning of maybe a season of your podcast. or maybe if you're just starting out at the very beginning, you could release like seven or 10 episodes right at the beginning to give people a bunch of content to listen to. This is the burst strategy. Tip 38 is to get reviews on your podcast. So, you can always ask your audience to leave a five-star rating wherever they listen. This can really help you show up higher in search results and even recommendations. Tip 39 is to send traffic to your website because you actually own your audience of your website. if you're building an email list or different ways you can contact your audience directly, but you don't own Spotify. You don't own your Spotify account or your YouTube account. Actually, Spotify and YouTube own those and they could actually delete them at any time if they want. So, anytime you can include calls to action for people to go sign up for your email list, so you can contact your listeners directly rather than always relying on Spotify or Apple Podcast or YouTube. And the final growth tip is to reemphasize the need for repurposing clips from your long form episodes. So again, tools like Riverside are a great starting point for this where you can just repurpose content for social media clips because again, how are people going to discover your podcast if they don't know how to listen to it? Social media is a great starting point because of the great algorithms inside of a platform like Instagram or Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts. They're able to pair eyeballs with the right content. So, this is a great starting point for you getting your content seen by more people. Okay, we're almost there. Our last 10 tips have to do with systems and audience. So, how do we stay consistent and build great community? Well, tip number 41 is this. You want to batch record multiple episodes at once if you're able to. So, if you can shoot like two to four episodes on a recording day, I think that's great. But any more than that can be a little bit taxing and timeconuming. So, what we'll do personally is we'll hop on a call. Me and Nate will get into a podcast studio inside of Riverside and we'll both come prepared with like one or two episodes each and we'll go ahead and record those over a two or three hour period. And now we have a great batch of content that we can release over the next few weeks to serve our podcast listeners. This saves us a ton of time without having to meet on multiple days. We can just consolidate that time frame into a few hours and record a ton of content. Tip 42 is to set a consistent release day. And this is really helpful for listeners who can just know when to expect that you're going to drop more episodes. So having maybe like one day a week that you post consistently, Mondays at 9:00 a.m. or when new episodes drop, that could be a good time frame. Or maybe you're somebody who posts every single day or multiple times a week. At the same time, though, can give more predictability to your audience. Tip 43 is to create a simple content calendar. This is going to help you stay on track and accountable. If you see on paper like, "Hey, I'm supposed to be posting four episodes next month on these exact days," it can help you reverse engineer the content back from what your schedule already is and just keep you on track. And if you use Riverside, they actually now have a content planner feature that has a built-in calendar where you can plan different sessions and release dates and social media posts right there inside of your Riverside dashboard. Tip 44 is to do recap or highlight episodes from past content that performed well. So sometimes you'll have like these surges in viewership where you all of a sudden have like a hundred new viewers or a thousand new listeners and what you want to do is actually maybe sometimes reintroduce them to content in your library that already perform well or maybe didn't get a chance to get listened to very often. And this is a loweffort way where you can publish a new episode by republishing content that's already existed in your past catalog. Tip 45 is do not apologize for taking breaks. It's okay to take breaks during your podcasting season. It's very tiring to record lots of podcast episodes. So, don't apologize. Like, if you need a break, just take a break, but then just return with value for your audience. Let them know, "Hey, I'll be back in three or four weeks. Just taking a little vacation." And let them know, "I'll be back on this exact day with some great episodes." Tip 46. Give yourself permission to pivot your podcast direction. Remember, your podcast does not have to stay the same forever. Some of the best shows find their identity like after 20 or 30 episodes or multiple seasons. they find a new niche and pivot their direction. So, this is totally fine to do. Give yourself permission to pivot if you want to. Tip 47 is to track your analytics like downloads and retention over time so you can start understanding what's working in your podcast. And you can actually do this inside of whatever hosting platform you already have. Something like Riverside, if you host with Riverside, gives you robust analytics about listeners, where they're coming from, what the average duration is about your episodes, and all these kinds of things. You can do this right there inside of your Riverside dashboard. Tip number 48 is a fun one is to bring a microphone whenever you're traveling because you never know when inspiration might spark if you're away from your studio space or your home office where you regularly record episodes. You can actually travel on the go and actually still record content. Especially with a software like Riverside, we actually do this all the time. We'll have team members on the go, but we can still record content because the dashboard, our studio is actually a remote studio. and wherever our laptop is, we can actually record podcast episodes. But you just want to make sure you bring a high quality microphone to capture that good audio. Tip 49 is to build an email list and community around your podcast. Again, we kind of mentioned this earlier, but email is one of the best ways to have a direct connection between you and your viewers. So, start building an email list as soon as you launch your podcast. And tip number 50 is you got to remember to have fun while you're podcasting. All 49 other tips are strategic and analytical and all these things. It can get overwhelming if you just focus on those things, but at the end of the day, remember podcasts are supposed to be fun little conversations you have with your audience or with guests. So, don't take yourself too seriously and remember to have fun. Now, if you're wanting to start a podcast and don't have a microphone yet, you can check out the best podcast microphones for beginners right here at every budget level. So, there's something for everyone. You can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video. and we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: What is the #1 thing holding you back from launching your podcast right now? 🤔 Let us know below! ⬇
🔴 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://creators.riverside.com/ThinkMedia23
  2. @Padmamajjivibesofficial-k5d [3 likes]: Very useful content thank you..
  3. @johnclay7644 [3 likes]: informative content
  4. @LaJotadera [2 likes]: Two years after starting my podcast, these recommendations are invaluable. Everything makes perfect sense and perfectly encapsulates the process a good podcast goes through to polish into a truly solid product. Congratulations on the content, thank you so much. It's very reassuring to see such a professional channel telling us we're on the right track.

I'd like to add an extra tip: Our podcast is about soccer, and what gave us such a strong narrative was using the hero's journey analogy (a Hollywood script and movie trope). Since our podcast aims to tell the story of a professional soccer player, taking this trope and adapting it to our own was a more professional starting point. While your podcast can't be about someone's life story, this type of narrative works across all dimensions, and going through a difficult situation is inherent to the human experience.

Best regards
  5. @Sunflower0926smile [1 likes]: Can I have a good Idea of Camera to use for beginners Podcast. Not expensive,  please?
  6. @saxplaysgames [1 likes]: Riverside is fantastic, and makes my production prices so much simpler even though I edit outside of the app!
  7. @TheJimmyCheese [1 likes]: What was the name of that company again?! 😅
Well presented. Cheers
  8. @lifeofaimee6259 [1 likes]: Thank you for this!
  9. @AlextheLue [1 likes]: As always, Kraig is the best teacher!
  10. @MartinBuckland [1 likes]: So many great tips as I ramp up into podcasting. Thanks
  11. @TheRockPilePodcast [1 likes]: I use Streamyard for live-streaming and Riverside for recording and editing. I haven’t had good success with live-streaming with Riverside
  12. @josemariass [1 likes]: I tested Riverside and is not good, lagging, also is not free at all..-bad performance…
  13. @OliBE27MH [1 likes]: USE ANYTHING BUT RIVERSIDE






also first
  14. @Cruizerstylin: If you’re a solo podcast. Not interviewing. Should you script?
  15. @MatthewDangyou: I would also like to add though if you do upload the video to Spotify for creators you can add a custom thumbnail. And you can add a custom square thumbnail to each episode so you do have a custom thumbnail and title even on Apple for audio only podcast. Which is what I do and each podcast episode of mine generates 3-10K views on average on YT. Great episode though guys! Been listening for years now👍🏻
  16. @Studio0681: Thanks mate
  17. @i______Ken000: This guys explains everything so clearly and I just love watching. NO BS, just straight to the point videos 📷
  18. @ChrisBrockYT: Great video! I’m having a hard time coming up with a podcast name. I mainly cover horror movies but do like to dabble in different genres occasionally so it’s hard to pinpoint what direction to go into for the podcast name.
  19. @TrueBlueMedia-007: Great advice I need it, Would love to have a 1:1 for advice 🙂
  20. @tfreethecreator: Bro this was an amazing video! Definitely getting Riverside 🙏🏾

- Stop Using ChatGPT to Write Scripts (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ever write scripts of AI. People come here to see the light behind your eyes, to see your unique perspective. Like, you don't want to automate that away with like script writing. So, you will ask kids to extract your tone, your voice, your cadence, and the big one, your vocabulary. Authenticity rules on this platform, right? And there's probably certain words that you use that others don't use. Again, you might not be aware of them. If you extract the vocabulary when you're turning your 3-minute voice note into a script, you're editing. You're not creating. It's a big difference. So, there have been some major changes and new opportunities when it comes to growing a YouTube channel or your social media following using AI. And today, we have an expert, Igor Pogany, the founder of the AI Advantage. And he's going to be breaking down the exact strategies and tools he's using right now when it comes to getting more views and subscribers on YouTube using AI. So, Igor, what's the biggest single best AI hack right now that you're enjoying or that YouTube creators and entrepreneurs could be using in their content? >> Okay. Let's get the value out of the way. So, look, there's so much you can do, but YouTube is particularly great when it comes to working with AI because, as you might know, AI really likes rich context when you work with it, right? You say, "Write me an essay about XYZ." It's going to be a random essay. If you say, "Write me an essay about XYZ." and then you give it the last three essays that you wrote, and all of a sudden, it's really going to be able to extract those pattern patterns and understand how you write and what preferences you have, right? Now, here's the beautiful thing. If you're on YouTube, every video has a transcript, right? And that transcript is rich, right? As YouTubers, we're used to making videos that, you know, sometimes are 5 to 20 minutes, but often are 20 to 30 minutes. If you're doing a podcast, even more than that. All of that is context, and all of that is very pattern-rich context. That's what we're looking for with AI. Just let it analyze yourself, right? Cuz it's it's so seasoned, it's so smart, it's so well-read. I don't care how many books you read. It read more, right? And it saw patterns across all of that. What what you're going to do now? Let's get practical. You take your latest transcripts. Three at least, five ideally. Okay? If you don't know, it's very simple. On YouTube, you kind of just go under the video, you expand the description, and there's a button in like 90% of the video that says show transcript. You can just copy-paste from there. That's the easiest, no-cost way. Sure, there's tools and other ways, but you just copy-paste three of these transcripts into ChatGPT. You say transcript one, paste. Transcript two, paste. Transcript three, paste, right? And then you tell it, "Extract the patterns, habits, and unexpected truths that I wouldn't even know myself as the creator of these videos." Those three keywords, use those in there. That's it. You gave it so much context. You gave it so many patterns. I guarantee you, if you do that, you're going to learn something about yourself, about your video creation style, that you might not have known. This helped me, it helped many others, and I'm sure it'll help you, too. When you did this, what was like one epiphany you had about your own content and that you were able to double down on? It told me, "Hey, Igor, you're not just presenting the news. You're trying to tell a story every time. You leave out the stories that don't fit together or are not that relevant to your audience, and then you will cluster certain topics that belong together. You weave it into a story." So, then it changed the way I think about it. Now, like in my preparation, I I categorize these things according to their length, according to the theme, and in my head I I weave them together in the preparation process, whereas that took so much more like cognitive energy during the shooting cuz like I was, you know, presenting, I was doing the tech stuff. Like, you know, this is as a YouTuber, like you always have to spin so many plates. That's a really great hack to use AI to grow your channel faster. What's a one of the biggest mistakes though you see creators making when using AI for their channel or maybe where AI is overrated or less helpful. Yeah, okay. Actually, this is an easy one. I see this all the time. They use it to create rather than to edit. What I see a lot of people do is they go in and you know, they give it a lot of context, but they say, you know, write me a script. That's like like in my mind, that's a I don't I don't ever write scripts with it. Mhm. Not to say I never create scripts with it, but I don't write scripts with it. Big difference. So, what you do want to do is maybe you want to hit the microphone button and you want to start speaking for 3 to 5 minutes and mind dump all of your thoughts regarding this video that you're creating into it and then tell it to turn that into a written script, right? Then it's like re-editing and and rearranging those ideas. It's using some of your writing. Or another one, in the first example, I told you to like use multiple transcripts to extract, you know, unexpected truths and patterns. Well, you can do the same thing the step of the transcripts, but you will ask it to extract your tone, your voice, your cadence. And the big one, your vocabulary. As YouTubers, you know, we usually have a unique way of expressing ourselves and that's There's a There's just authenticity rules on this platform, right? And there's probably certain words that you use that others don't use. Again, you might not be aware of them. If you extract the vocabulary, then if you have a list of that or that in a document, you can put it back in when you're turning your 3-minute voice note into a script, right? You add the little vocabulary document and all of a sudden, you're working with it, right? Maybe you're improving flow, maybe you're if you're doing like for scripts, it doesn't matter so much, but you can do things like adding punctuation or fixing the grammar. You're editing. You're not creating. That's a big difference. That was one of the most powerful AI hacks I've heard this year. And so, a lot of us want AI to write better for us, to write in our voice, but what you can do what you just told us previously, download a couple transcripts, three of them in this case, prompt by saying, "Hey, can you extract my tone, my voice, my cadence?" But then here's the super prompt of the year is what is my unique vocabulary? Can you put that in a list, save that, and then use that in the future because when everyone sounds like the same chat GPT script regurgitated, I think that's a trap a lot of people are falling into. We're even seeing, especially faceless channels, but if there's no interchangeability and all the scripts are just you know, like you said, authenticity is king. And so, I love how we can use AI, but not just depending on it. We become vanilla. We just sound like everybody if we fully lean on AI. So, you're giving us the exact prompts. You You talk about AI being a thought partner. Um Explain that a little bit when you're thinking about your YouTube channel growth strategy and some ideas that we can learn from. One pattern that became clear over time is that there's a progression and and it's always this the same thing, okay? It's always the same progression of where people come in, they create an account, and what's intuitive is to start using it as a Google. What's really intuitive for people is also to start drafting stuff, right? It's and that's that's that's the trap that I just talked about is like with an email draft, it's fine, right? Like you're kind of just moving information along, but with YouTube, like come on, like people come here to see the light behind your eyes, to see your unique perspective. Like you don't want to automate that away with like script writing. There is way more, right? There's There's way more potential and and I think the biggest potential of AI lies behind uh behind its ability to hyper-personalize things to you, right? So, in other words, it's giving you outputs that wouldn't make sense to any other person on this world but you, right? That's where you want to get. That's where we start entering this territory of a thought partner or what we also refer to as a clone because you kind of clone yourself. Like there's a second you and you're in the same level. And what I can tell you is like people who who kind of like reach that level and use it at this level, they couldn't imagine a world in which they don't have this anymore. They would they wouldn't give this up. Basically, what we teach is you develop these documents where you save certain characteristics and and facts about your identity and your goals and why those goals matter to you in a document and then you add that document to a project and you just keep using that and you work in there. That's your that's your baseline, right? And the difference between just just interacting with chat or maybe even having memories on where it randomly kind of pulls things together about you and really being conscious about that and and having this clone set up is like the difference of like being on a first date with a girl versus being with her for 6 months. Mhm. It's just it's just familiarity and all of a sudden you can open conversations that are deeper because there's there's context that is established. And all of a sudden she or like the clone or chat will respond in a way where that answer wouldn't make sense in any other context, but it makes sense to you. And then beyond level two comes this level that has been hyped so much recently, right? This this level of not AI just working alongside you like this as a thought partner or as an assistant, but an AI working for you while you sleep, right? Often this is in the public referred to as a personal agent. And really what that means is that all the stuff that you've been doing manually in chat now happens automatically and it connects to more applications, Mhm. So all of a sudden like if you think about it like if we're thinking YouTube terms, the difference there would be, you know, level one you're kind of like using it to answer questions and do research. Level two, all of a sudden you're maybe already like bringing in data and it knows you you analyze your style you you you analyze your transcripts. You know what your patterns are. You kind of have that saved and set up in your chat and you're working with it and maybe you like look at the past five podcasts you did and you you copy paste all the comment sections and you analyze all the comments and then it gives you really good insights. Well, level three is where you can say okay, go pull the past 50 podcasts I were on and analyze all the comment sections and then once it's done you say okay, get another 50 and it just happens overnight, right? And you don't have to sit there copy pasting. So so those are really the three levels, but it's important to understand that just like school, you don't want to skip levels because if you skip from level one to level three, then it's like you're giving a stranger the keys to your car. Like it's a it's a good car, but like he doesn't know where you want to go. Right? There's one way of putting it. Another one way of putting it is like you'll be going really fast, but in the wrong direction. Like it it really matters that you get that level two in between, that you get it dialed in, that you get it calibrated, that it knows your patterns, knows your habits, knows your identity, knows your goals. And then level three really works. That's mind-blowing. Really these three levels of using AI and for anybody that wants to grow their channel, grow an online business, make more money, impact more people, there's level one using it as Google drafting things. Level two, you clone you. Level three, you get it working for you while you sleep. But you actually are hosting a summit that's going to be going deeper into those levels. Can you tell us a little bit about this summit? I'll put a link to this in our show notes if anybody wants to register, it's free. But how will it take people a little bit deeper when it comes to you know, creating an advantage with AI? What we do over at the AI Advantage with the summit and everything around that is really we take people on that journey that guides them through these levels and gives them all the wins that took us thousands of hours to unlock with AI. We have guest speakers, myself, Dean and Tony all leading you through this journey of mastering AI and understanding how you can really like put put to work in a way where it's going to give you back time and where it's going to increase the leverage in your personal life and your business. April 21st through 25th, um free, the link is below and yeah, you can check it out there and more on the levels also on that summit. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm going to be taking notes. So, if anybody wants to check that out, we'll make sure there's a link in the show notes to the free AI Advantage Summit. My name is Sean Cannell, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel. This is the Think Media Podcast and we can't wait to connect with you in a future episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SlumberingHistoryChannel [6 likes]: In fact, AI use for script will eventually destroy your channel because people will realize AI wrote it as they get exposed to how AI writes stuff. 

When ChatGPT came onto the mass market first this wasn’t clear but now more & more people recognize AI writing.
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: How do you use AI in your video creation workflow? Let us know below ⬇
⏱ Stop wasting time and start leveraging AI. Register for the FREE 3-Day AI Advantage Summit here: https://www.LearnAIsummit.com
  3. @theDanielJLewis [1 likes]: I set my OpenClaw to update my tone-of-voice document based on the transcript every time I publish a new podcast episode.
  4. @Thecruisingnurse [1 likes]: This was a great video thanks. 😊
  5. @Monetivra [1 likes]: The 'Unexpected Truths' prompt at [02:38] is a game changer. I just ran it on 5 of our latest videos and it found patterns in my storytelling that I wasn't even consciously aware of. It's like having a high-level producer for free. Has anyone else tried analyzing their own transcripts yet? What's the weirdest thing AI noticed about your style?
  6. @SimplySaidExplained: I think the real problem isn’t using AI for scripts… it’s when everything becomes too polished.
The videos that hold attention usually have a moment where the viewer has to think or question something.
If AI removes that, retention drops fast.

Curious — do you think “over-explaining” is actually hurting retention now?
  7. @EngineeredSimple: Great Video
  8. @AutobotSimmer: Another example of people thinking assistant in the wrong way.  For this, it's way different than a human assistant writing a script.  You're better off doing it yourself. Use AI to help with organizing topics, points to talk about.
  9. @CeciliaCurit-k9k6y: Good Day idol okay thanks for you're sharing 💕
  10. @Cooking-v9m: Hello, I am working with chatgpt, but no channel has grown for two years. What is the reason?
  11. @TechmystrySolved: I want to use here to get more subscribers

- This NEW Streaming Camera is Insane! (YoloCam S7): Kind: captions Language: en This is a $700 camera that looks fantastic, but what's weird about it is there's no physical controls on the camera. There's no power button or SD card slot, and you actually can't even turn the camera on without a computer. And when I first saw that, I thought to myself, "That's weird. Like, who would want this camera?" But after using this for a few weeks, I actually think this might be one of the best dedicated workstation cameras I've ever used. So, this camera is the Yolo Cam S7, and what's weird about it is it's not like a traditional mirrorless camera, but also is not like a basic webcam either. Yolo Live, who makes this camera, is calling it a dedicated streaming camera, and it's really built with one main use case in mind, which is to have a dedicated workstation where you have a great camera shot that looks fantastic, but one where you don't have to mess around with physical camera controls, and a camera that will literally never overheat, ever. Both myself and Nate from the Thing Team wanted to get our hands on the Yolo Cam S7, so Yolo Live sent this out for review and testing. So, let's see what this thing can do. So, the thing about webcams are that most webcams are built around a really tiny sensor, and they're really small and portable, which is convenient. However, image quality often really suffers, and the Yolo Cam S7 totally flips that on its head, because it's a nice large design that's more in line with what a dedicated camera would be in terms of form factor. And because of that, the camera's sensor is actually a full-on micro 4/3 sensor, which is about four times the size of sensors that are traditionally found inside of webcams. And really, that's just going to translate to overall way better image quality, like you're seeing right here. Like, the shot has actual depth of field, and you can see my lights in the background actually have some bokeh, and it's a little bit blurry in the background. There's good background separation because of the larger sensor size in the Yolo Cam S7. Because of that larger sensor, too, you're also going to get better low-light performance. So, if you feel like your studio lighting is not fully dialed in, or you just kind of rely on overhead lighting in your house, you'll still be able to get good image quality because the sensor is so large. Now, most webcams are actually limited to 4K at 30 frames per second, but the Yolo Cam S7 can go up to 4K at 60 frames per second, which is really uncommon, especially for this price point of only $700. So, this is great for streamers or gamers who want to be able to stream at that consistent 60 frames per second frame rate. You can actually do that, and this camera can stream consistently at 60 FPS in 4K and will not overheat. And this camera can do all of that with autofocus, so you don't have to use manual focus lenses. You're able to move around in your frame a little bit and still get focus. Now, I've mentioned overheating a couple times, but what's interesting about the design of the Yolo Cam S7 is it's actually a fully aluminum design. So, that acts as a heat sink, which means it draws heat away from the internals and the sensor of this camera into the aluminum body. So, yeah, at times you'll actually feel the camera gets a little bit warm because it is taking all of that heat away from the internals and dissipates the heat into the actual body. So, there's not even a fan on this camera. You will never have to worry about your camera making any fan noise if it gets too hot. And Yolo Live says this camera will literally run for like 24 hours at a time, 7 days a week, even. Like, this camera is not going to overheat. That's never going to be an issue that you encounter. So, if you're a team, a content team, or a creator who likes to do insanely long live streams and just keep the camera rolling and rolling while you're live, this camera can absolutely handle anything you throw at it in terms of run times. Another uncommon thing that most cameras don't have at this price point is two dedicated types of outputs. You can actually output via HDMI or USB-C. So, the HDMI output is how you get 4K up to 60 frames per second. So, that's what I'm doing right now. I'm actually recording in 30 frames per second for this video, but I'm using the Elgato Cam Link 4K to capture that 4K signal from the Yolo Cam via that HDMI output. And then the USB-C output outputs a 1080p signal, which is great if you want to just plug the camera in really quickly to a Zoom call or OBS to capture a quick video recording. And all of this is controlled by the Yolo Live Compose software. So, this is how you control the camera and the shutter speed and the ISO and autofocus settings. Everything is controlled with the software, which I'll talk about a little bit later. I want to show you some quick image quality comparisons between some different cameras at different price points so you can kind of see how the YoloCam S7 stacks up against some different options. So, here's the first test between the YoloCam S7 and my internal webcam of my MacBook Pro. Obviously, this test is not very fair. They're very different cameras, but the MacBook looks absolutely awful. Now, here's a test between the YoloCam S7 and the iPhone 16 Pro. I'm using the main camera on the back of the phone right here to do this test and you can see how the image compares. Now, here's a test between the S7 and then the Sony ZV-E10. And these cameras are very similar in price between like $600 and $800 depending on when you purchase a Sony ZV-E10. This is how the images compare. Now, going up to the Sony FX30, which is $2,100 right now to get this level of image quality. This is their baseline cinema camera on the Sony side. Here's how it compares to the S7. And finally, finishing with the Sony FX3, which is a $4,000 cinema camera from Sony, which is also full frame. So, a much larger sensor than the YoloCam S7. Here's how those results compare. Overall, I think the S7 literally holds its own against all of these cameras in terms of image performance. If I use this camera versus any of the other ones on our list, you probably couldn't tell the difference a whole lot, at least in terms of overall image quality. There will be some subtle differences in color and autofocus performance between all of these different cameras, but I really think overall, the YoloCam looks fantastic. Now, this camera has been out for a few months, but it initially launched without a lens that shipped with the camera. It was just launched body only and you had to purchase a micro 4/3 lens of your choice to pair with the YoloCam. But, actually in the last few weeks, Yolo Live has launched their own micro 4/3 lens that can be paired with the S7. It's an 18mm f/1.4 lens that I'm actually using to record this video, and I stopped the lens down to f/1.8 for this video just to show a little bit more of the texture in the background. But, I'll show you some image samples with this lens completely wide open at its widest open aperture. And then, I'll show you also where I stopped down to like f/2.8 if you wanted some more depth of field in your scene, you could do that. There's a couple of image samples. Now, if you notice, 18mm on a micro 4/3 mount is going to be a little bit tighter. It's going to act more like a 36mm would on a full-frame camera. So, it is a little bit tighter than my typical shot that I have here at my workstation. Just something you want to be aware of. It could be good to back that camera up a little bit further if you want a wider field of view or purchase a lens that's closer to around 11mm. That would be a wider field of view on micro 4/3. If you want to grab this lens stand-alone, it will only cost $199, which is honestly really affordable for a prime lens that stops down to f/1.4. But, actually, if you want to purchase the full kit, so the YoloCam S7 plus the 18mm lens bundle, the whole bundle only costs $799. So, the lens effectively becomes a $100 lens if you get the whole kit. I do want to show you how you actually control this camera since there's no physical buttons. This is the software that comes with the camera. It's called Yolo Live Compose, and this is where you set things like your orientation. If you were recording vertically or horizontally, you can choose your frame rate up to 60 frames per second even in 4K resolution, which is absolutely wild, or you can bump the resolution down to 1080p or 720. Now, image settings are where you adjust things like sharpening and contrast and saturation. And I actually just left all of this standard for this video so you can see how it looks straight out of camera, but you could adjust these to your preferences. Right here are some of your focus controls. If you want to change your focusing type or even enable manual focus, as well as change your focusing speed. So, I'll show you some like autofocus testing right now. I can like come forward and it'll focus really quickly, which is actually impressive for a camera that's only 700 bucks. It has pretty good autofocus. You can also zoom in and out to change your composition, and I believe if you record in 1080p, you can zoom in up to four times and not lose any image quality, which is wild because of how large and good the sensor looks at the higher resolutions. Exposure is how you adjust your typical camera settings. You can leave it on auto or set it to manual like I did here. My aperture is at F1.8, my ISO for this video is at 160, and my shutter speed is 1/60 cuz I'm shooting at 30 frames per second. There's also different white balance controls and audio settings that you could adjust as well. So, if you wanted to build an entire setup like this around the Yolo Cam S7, how much would it cost? Well, if you grab the Yolo Cam S7 and the 18 mm lens combo, you'd be at $800 to start off. For audio, I'd look for something as simple as the Fifine AM8. This is only a 50 or $60 microphone to get started. It's very affordable, and you can pair that microphone with a mount such as this newer low-profile mount that's only about $70. For lighting right now, I'm using the Amaran Verge Max, which is a super thin light that lights up a really large surface area really softly. So, I love this light for streaming. It's about $220 right now on sale. And then, you just need your software, and you can record via the Yolo Live Compose software or OBS. I love using OBS and building custom scenes, and that's exactly what I'm doing right now for this video, and OBS is completely free, and you can just record it directly on your computer setup. So, all in, you can create a pro-level streaming setup for around $1,100. And for context, it's pretty hard nowadays to find a dedicated mirrorless camera that's under $1,000. So, the fact that you can build this entire kit for eleven hundred dollars and get a pro level streaming setup is pretty wild. So, who should actually purchase the Yolo Cam S7? Well, in our opinion, if you are a creator who creates content at a dedicated workstation in your home office or your YouTube studio and you record for long periods of times or you do any sorts of live streaming or coaching calls and image quality is your priority, this is a fantastic option to look at. This camera is never going to overheat on you if you're a streamer or a gamer and you want to stream for hours on end. And if you're a podcaster who records video podcasts at your workstation, this is also a great choice. It's also a great option if you already have one of Yolo Live's other products like their Yolo Box Extreme. They can pair together really well and you can actually control the S7 from the Yolo Box Extreme itself, which is a neat feature. But, you would skip this camera if you're a creator who needs to take your camera away from your studio space and go outside and start vlogging and capturing moments away from your workstation. This would not be the right camera for you. Now, if you want to check out the Yolo Cam S7, we'll link it down in the description below as well as all of the other gear I mentioned in today's video. And if seven hundred dollars feels out of reach right now, Yolo Live actually makes a tiny two hundred dollar webcam called the S3 that clips right onto your computer monitor and honestly still blows most webcams out of the water. I actually did a full review on this webcam right here you can check out. So, you can click or tap the screen to watch that video and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [1 likes]: UPDATE: YoloLiv has released a firmware optimization to support 4K 60FPS output on both HDMI and USB‑C, which will work perfectly with OBS and other softwares!
  2. @johndoe9922: the only pro of this camera is 4k60 output. dynamic range is inferior to two other cameras you have compared it to, it will cause desaturated colors in low light, it is already visible on face skintones.
 zve10 2 for higher price offers better dynamic range and also has decent recoloring option via slog that can be utilized while streaming
  3. @sidemountscubadiving: I want to use this S7 camera to replace my Sony ZV-1 that I only use on a fixed tripod at the end of a table (1.6 metres) away from a green screen, with 2 people sitting side by side next to the green screen. I am happy to record using a laptop and through OBS. Do you think this would be a good camera upgrade, I do not like Sony menu settings, fixing the focus and plugging and unplugging the camera. I would like to know what 4K settings you would advise me to use, I normally record in 4K 30 fps with the Sony camera. I saw at 08:20 you talk about setting manual exposure aperture, ISO and Shutter, what settings would you suggest would work best for me? I use an Elgato Key Light behind the main camera and the x2 Key Light Airs either side of the 2 people lighting the green screen.
  4. @sidemountscubadiving: Thanks for this review, I am just about to buy this camera. I contacted Josh at Yololiv he said the USB supports 4K transmission (not just 1080p) can you please confirm this? It would mean that what you say at minute 03:30 is incorrect and both the HDMI and USB outputs work with OBS at 4K, appreciate your help
  5. @ChloexHazard: Really bummed the bundle is sold out. The bundle is it's only saving grace. Hope they bring it back - can't justify the price otherwise.
  6. @TheMirrorintheMirror: Wish I could find a pancake AF lens for this
  7. @californiasoberpodcast: this camera doesn't make sense if it was cheaper maybe but at 700 you can buy better cameras than do the same thing and more
  8. @linden.HoneyBunOats: This is what I’m looking for! Thank you for this info
  9. @BadBhodie: I've been using a Panasonic for the GX8 for years as a dedicated webcam. This is too expensive for what you get.
  10. @luismanuelmendoza789: $499 take it or leave it
  11. @GamesPerJustin: How wide is the lens that comes with the bundle?  I'm currently using a Logitech webcam from 2021, and that lens can go up to a field of view of 90 degrees, which is perfect for me so I can show everything behind me.  Does the lens with the YoloCam compare, or would I have to get a different lens?
  12. @ronronbobon: I may need to try this. Thanks for the info.
  13. @nathanwood4385: I use my OSMO pocket 3 as my webcam. It just works.
  14. @MrBearitall: Hmm....this looks like the Caira camera....a lot like it.
  15. @x.guuh00ng.x0: $700 and no physical buttons is kinda wild 😅 looks clean though
  16. @JewelLeann: tech really going full spaceship mode now. lowkey tho I’ve been using the iContact Camera and the biggest flex is it keeps things simple but still gives that clean, pro look on calls. no overthinking settings, just plug in and you’re instantly camera ready with that eye level framing that doesn’t make you look down at your laptop anymore.
  17. @Papa_Sagi: Non sense. You can use canon and sony camera as streaming and cheaper than 700.
  18. @kaojaicam: Would be a shame if you need their software to get all the features, you using OBS-only or OBS in addition to their stuff?
  19. @pilotg3: Your video would make a great drinking game  take a shot every time you say 'dedicated'."
  20. @FILMANDGAMES: its not for me, I have a adapter for my cameras for the pc.

- How to Get Monetized on YouTube in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people think that getting monetized on YouTube takes years, but we've actually seen channels do it in as little as 30 days, and the difference is not luck, it's actually strategy. So, in this video, I'm breaking down exactly how to get monetized step-by-step in 2026. So, let's start with the basic requirements for enrolling in the YouTube Partner Program. Well, there's really two routes you can go with this. Route one is getting 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 public watch hours on your content in the last 12 months. this is the route that we recommend beginners strive for achieving because it's a lot more attainable than route two, which is getting 10 million shorts views in the last 90 days. That's usually a little bit too high of a barrier for most channels, so we recommend focusing on getting your first 1,000 subs and 4,000 public watch hours. Now, right away, a lot of mistakes we see beginners making at the beginning is they start posting random content, and their content doesn't feel cohesive, and they have no real strategy or direction for their channel. Also, we see creators try to chase a bunch of trends and try viral reaction formats that don't actually end up landing with anybody because competition is so high for those kinds of viral videos, or creators go all in on short strategy and have a hard time breaking through the algorithm, and their shorts will just kind of peter off after 24 hours and only do a couple hundred views. Now, if you want a super difficult path for getting monetized years down the road, then you could have tried that strategy out and see how it works. Instead, I actually recommend following these four simple steps that I'll outline in this video to set you up for success monetized as quickly as possible. So, step one to getting monetized quicker is to start producing intent-based videos, and sometimes we call these high-intent videos or search-based content. And really, these are just producing pieces of content that people are already searching for and have verifiable demand for. So, for us at Think Media, it could be a video like best cameras for YouTube, or if you're in a real estate niche, it could be how to buy your first home as a first-time home buyer or if you like give tours of Las Vegas. It could be best restaurants in the Las Vegas area. All of these kinds of videos have what we call high search intent where a viewer is coming to the platform to solve a specific question in their life and you can meet them with a specific answer to their specific question. One of the tactics we teach inside of our online course called Video Ranking Academy is the tactic called ASQ or answering specific questions and that's exactly what the strategy is that we're talking about. similar strategy to the ASQ method is what we call RSP which is reviewing specific products. So no matter what kind of niche your channel is in, you probably have specific products that you use on a daily basis or even software that you might use that you'd be able to do reviews on to meet buyers or viewers who have a high intent to learn more about that product. You can meet them with specific answers to the questions they might have. And really this kind of strategy, trying to reach people who are searching for content is the best way to start getting your first views, first subscribers, and building real momentum. And we actually literally believe in this method so much that we have an online course called Video Ranking Academy where we teach you how to rank videos in search results on YouTube and we have thousands of students who are adopting these same principles every single week. So if you want to get monetized quicker, start producing content that has really high search traffic with high viewer intent. Now the second thing I would do is add a layer of broad appeal videos into my content strategy. So after I already have ranked some videos and are ranking in search results, I do want to add some content that can reach a wider audience. So an example for us would be how to start a YouTube channel in 2026 because this literally applies to any single person on the YouTube platform who is wanting to create a channel, not just people interested in YouTube strategy or growth, but literally anyone at all. If you want a YouTube channel, you could watch this video. Another great example is from Dr. Mike. He makes a ton of great videos, but this one right here is specifically targeting broad appeal. This is doctor reacts to Family Guy medical scenes. So, you don't even know who this doctor is or what he's doing, but if you have any interest in Family Guy or just comedy television shows, then you would have a wide interest for this kind of content and you're kind of curious like what is actually the medical advice that Family Guy is giving and you could watch Doctor Mike's video to get that kind of reaction style format. So, when you make these sorts of broad appeal videos, you're really trying to increase your impressions by reaching more and more people. So, when you increase your impressions, you'll end up getting more clicks on your video and more clicks equal more views and we really need to increase our views and our watch time if we want to hit that thousand subscriber mark and 4,000 watch hours. And if you're not sure how to come up with these viral video ideas, a tool that I use all of the time and really wish I started using a lot sooner in my YouTube career is vidIQ. vidIQ is a software that you can actually add to your YouTube studio if you want to manage your channel a little bit better and have better analytics and insights, but it's also a great research tool for finding great video ideas. My favorite tool from vidIQ is their outlier tool and an outlier is essentially a video that performs significantly better than a channel's average performance. And by studying those patterns, you can actually completely revolutionize the kinds of videos that you're targeting and creating by studying what is actually working on the platform. So, we can see I just searched right here for best camera for YouTube and I can see all of these different videos that have outlier like this one right here is a 61x outlier on this person's channel or this one right here by PSS Creative Mind with 100,000 subscribers, this video is doing a 7.3x outlier. That means it's performing seven times better than this person typically would perform on any given video. You can use an outlier tool to verify interest before you just come up with with idea and think, "Hey, I think this is a really viral idea that's going to get a ton of views." You can verify ideas by looking for outliers that actually are getting real-time views. This is truly a tool I wish I would have started using from day one, and if you want to try out vidIQ for as little as $1, I'll link it down in the description below. So, step number three is you need to optimize your content for longer watch time. So, to get monetized, you don't just need views, you also need really long watch time. You've got to reach that 4,000 hours of watch time. So, producing longer videos will help you hit that watch time goal a lot quicker. So, I like to tell creators to target creating videos that are a minimum of 8 minutes in length, upwards of like 15 minutes, or even like 30-plus minutes if you think you can swing it. And why we say 8 minutes minimum is because YouTube really loves videos that are over 8 minutes in length because you can actually run multiple ad spots on videos that are longer than 8 minutes. This is especially important if you unlock monetization later and you have YouTube can then run mid-roll ads in the video, which is how YouTube makes money. They love serving ads on content, and the longer the content is, the more ads they can run. I know us as viewers and creators, it's kind of annoying to deal with ads, but that's just the reality of the YouTube platform and how YouTube makes money. And if you want to start making money from the YouTube Partner Program, you make money from ads being served on your videos. When your videos are only a couple minutes in length, it's going to take you much longer to get monetized, to rack up those watch time hours. So, just ask yourself, "How could I go deeper on this topic and explain it more thoroughly without though leading to a drop in retention?" You don't want to add just a bunch of meaningless filler. You do want to prioritize having a lot of value in your content, but if you can get it to that 8-to-15-minute target length, that's really going to speed up your path towards monetization. Now, step four is easy. It's just to double down on what's working as you're running these experiments. And we often say here at Think Media, success leaves clues, make part twos. If you have content that's performed really well and has been successful for you, you're going to start to notice those trends as you post more and more videos. Then you can always make a part two to a video that performed well, make a spin-off, or even a series of videos that relate to each other. It's way better than just a one-off piece of content. What's better than one video? A full series of five videos that relate to each other and somebody could binge in a longer viewing session. Those kinds of ideas are great for views and watch time. So, if you're somebody who really wants to grow on YouTube and leverage monetization, you're going to have to get good about learning how viewers are interacting with your content. What are your click-through rates? How many people are clicking on your video and at what percentage? Also looking at your retention graphs, where are viewers dropping off? Are your hooks, like your first 30 seconds of your video, is that retaining viewers or are people leaving early? These are all things you'll eventually want to study and understand so you can learn how to double down on what is actually working in your videos. So, those are really the four main steps that I would apply to my channel if I was trying to get monetized as quickly as possible. But, what about like timeline for this? How long is all of this going to take to reach monetization? Well, a fast timeline for a creator would be anything around 30 to 90 days. So, one to three months to reach monetization is actually super fast. But, a more normal rate would be about six to 12 months. And this is for creators who are really consistent with their uploads. You're uploading one piece of content per week. And then a slower pace would be anything between like one and two years. And if this is taking you multiple years to get monetized on YouTube, I think your strategy really needs some adjustments. And something you can do is actually visit this link right here, mycreatorquiz.com, where you can take a free two-minute assessment about what kind of creator you are, what stage of your YouTube journey you're in, and get some practical next steps from our team of how to approach your YouTube journey. So, I'll link mycreatorquiz down in the description below, which could really help you out. A key encouragement though to you creators out there who are struggling to reach monetization is that you truly are only one video away from reaching monetization. I made one random reaction video to an NF music video that actually took off, got tens of thousands of views, and that one video got me all of the watch time and subscribers needed to monetize my channel in about 48 hours. So, it's really just about consistency and waiting for that one video that really resonates with a lot of people so you can reach monetization. So, if I started today, like what is my 6-month plan? The first thing I'm doing on day one is I'm locking in my niche. I'm getting laser focused and sharp about who I am speaking to, what is my channel topic, and what kinds of videos am I going to make. Then, I'm making four videos per month, and I would target three of those being search-based or viewer intent type videos where I'm answering specific questions or reviewing specific products, and then one of those would be a more experimental broad appeal video trying to reach a wider population of listeners. After those four uploads, I would review the month's worth of content and start measuring analytics and seeing what's actually working, and then I would double down on what works, and then I would do this for 6 months straight. And at the end of 6 months, you have about 30 long-form videos that are all working for you, and I bet if you do this, you'll be so close to monetization, if not already there. And if you're serious about growing on YouTube this year and making money online, you've got to check out our free 2-minute assessment at mycreatorquiz.com. I'll link it right here in this end card, as well as another strategy video that you can check out right here on screen. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: What is you biggest take away from the strategy shared? Let us know below! ⬇
📝 Take the Free YouTube Growth Assessment here ➡ https://mycreatorquiz.com/
🔥 Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @SimonianvideoProductions [4 likes]: I’ve been a content creator for 4 years on YouTube And Haven’t Even Broken 2000 Watch Hours And I’ve Showed Up Every Day For 3 Years. I don’t Know for The Life Of Me How People Are Getting Monetized In 30 Days Or Even A Year. I Don’t Know How Long I Can Keep Up, I Like Making Videos But I HATE YouTubes Virtually Impossible Monetization Requirements. Good Luck To Everyone Out There But I’m Getting Close To Quitting Outright. All The Best Friends!
  3. @ConnectedHorizonsmedia [1 likes]: 1 month in and just shy of 100 subs! It seems to be a long road but im sticking at it! Celebrate the small wins🎉
  4. @MrWickCity [1 likes]: Why isn't my YouTube channel eligible yet to qualify for monetization? I have 1022 subscribers and over 4000 watch time hours.
  5. @MatchdayVaultFootballShirts [1 likes]: Good luck to everyone out there. We will all get monetised 💪
  6. @Sorpion743 [1 likes]: Just started my channel I love doing videos, smaller channels let’s get it
  7. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: if you have VidIQ installed you see how many subs each person who commented has. its pretty cool and CONGRATS! Some of you  are killing it.
  8. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: Promotion on youtube can gain you subs fast to get monetized.. ive heard. but i dont recommend. i wont try. i think growing organically will turn into long term success
  9. @SimplySaidExplained [1 likes]: The “double down” point is huge.
I’ve noticed even within the same niche, tiny changes in how a question is framed can completely change retention.
Same idea… different reaction. That seems to be the real game.
  10. @yadibjm4742 [1 likes]: Thank very much
  11. @mandeelaaBlack: Solution give build your channel
  12. @locomantv: I had 1000 subscribers, but the apply button is not even visible for me yet it’s not showing the update of my views and I definitely completed everything.
  13. @ronronbobon: Very helpful. I will keep plugging away. Good luck to us all👍❤️
  14. @zazibee_kids: Verry helpful, hope to start my journey soon!
  15. @spozamlaky: Yes!
Get monetized sux!
Im trying to get monetized since December 2025…
Always getting refused for YT incompetence!
There is no real person Tech Support, only AI!
I tried on X and as soon as they replied to my DM, and asked me for mor info which i immediately proceeded, they went silent !
YouTube turned to be a big mess full of AI garbage!

Sorry, but that’s my real story….🤷‍♂️🫡
  16. @MoneyMindsetDailyPh: Just started yesterday. We post tips, advices, and quotes mentioned by successful people from a collection of interviews. Hoping our channel gets monetized soon👌
  17. @RobFlaskaBlueprint: I just wanted to personally thank the Think Media team. I posted my first video after recording maybe 15 different versions over the last 10 years.  I finally hit publish and put myself out there and I couldn't be more thrilled. The Sean Cannell saying of "Just start, punch fear in the face is streaming through my veins and I am excited to start the journey once again. Thanks again and hope to meet you all one day! <3 Rob
  18. @FaizanCreation: If this video gets views then my video will also get views..
Only YouTuber can understand this..
  19. @DreadfulDonkey2: I never wanted to be monetized. I just wanted to make fucked up videos. Eventually YouTube got tired of it and removed my channel., I was growing 1000 shorts 2500 subs
  20. @devanshnigam4262: is it recommended for new youtube creators to unlock the advanced features in youtube

- DJI Pocket 4 just LEAKED…: Kind: captions Language: en The DJI Pocket 4 just leaked, and if this is real, it just might shape up to be one of the best cameras for creators. We're talking built-in storage, improved dynamic range, and even an improved digital zoom. This is based on a recent leak from the new camera. I'll have this linked in the description down below, but as we can see from these images of the packaging that there are some pretty interesting specs that we'll break down in this video. So, taking a look at the front of the box, what I find to be super interesting is it has a very similar design to the Pocket 3, but there are two new buttons underneath the screen. So, after you flip it out, it reveals these two buttons. The one on the left looks like a magnify button, so I'm assuming this is to enable digital zoom, that 2x crop. And the button on the right looks like it's labeled with C, so I assume this is custom, so you could program this to be any function on the camera, which is really cool to see. But now I want to turn our attention to the back of the box in this image, and let's go through this one by one. On the top here, we have 1-in sensor, which is the same sensor size as on the Pocket 3, so no real upgrade there, but it's probably an improved sensor. Next here, we have dynamic range, which says 14 stops, which is a big improvement over the 13 on the Pocket 3. With 14 stops of dynamic range, we should see more latitude in the highlights as well as the shadows, so we'll get a little bit more detail. And right next to that, we have 10-bit quality video, so we can do plenty of color grades. But one thing I find interesting is it just says D-Log. This is not the D-Log M that's in the Pocket 3, so I'm wondering if we get a more professional version of D-Log, so we can fully utilize that 14 stops of dynamic range. Next up, we have the 2x lossless zoom. This was an update that came to the Pocket 3 that allowed you to zoom into the frame, and it kind of did some digital enhancing in order to give you a 2x crop from this camera. I'll be curious if this is an improved version of what we already have in the Pocket 3, and if it's actually worth using. This next feature is something we all been waiting for, and that is internal storage of 107 GB. I've been a big fan of the internal storage on the Osmo Action 6 and 5 Pro. The Action 6 has around 50 GB of internal storage, so this will have double that at 107 GB, which should roughly translate to just under 3 hours of video, which is more than enough for most people. I'll also point out here that it has 800 MB per second transfer speed, so this should be really quick. Just plugging in a USB-C cable, and then dumping all that footage over to your computer. Now, interestingly enough, I have not seen a microSD card slot on the Osmo Pocket 4, which means you can't expand your storage to record for longer if that 107 GB is not enough for you. That is pretty interesting. I think that could be a deal-breaker for some, although I will say, you know, having 3 hours of video on your device is probably going to be more than enough for most people's needs. But yeah, I'm kind of I'm a little disappointed if we only have internal storage. Guess we just have to see. Right next to that, we have ActiveTrack 7.0, so I would assume this is improved tracking. One thing I don't really like about the tracking mode on the Pocket 3 is how stuttery it sometimes feels. Like it doesn't feel like a natural camera movement. It feels a little bit kind of chaotic. So, I wonder if this would actually smooth things out and would be a little bit more cinematic looking. Now, scrolling down, we have the contents of what comes included in the Creator Combo packaging. Right here, we can see the Osmo Pocket 4. Right next to that is the gimbal clamp. So, what's interesting is on the Pocket 3, we have this little kind of hard case to protect the gimbal. This looks a little bit smaller, maybe a little bit more form-fitting to protect the gimbal, and so it could be a little bit less bulky, which could be nice. Over that, we have a handle with the 1/4-20 tripod thread. We have a carrying bag, as well as a portable carrying pouch, so this pouch could be just for the Pocket 4, so it's a little bit more portable. And then we have a new accessory, a fill light. So, this could be really interesting when it comes to low-light vlogging, if you just need a little bit of extra light on you. This looks like it clips onto the back of the little gimbal motor, and then this light will help kind of fill out. Um really interesting. I don't think that's just for everything. It won't improve low lights entirely. Next, we get a wide-angle lens attachment, and I'm curious if this is the exact same one as what we get with the Pocket 3, or if it's an improved version. I'm also just curious to see if all the accessories are compatible from the Pocket 3 to the Pocket 4, because that could save a lot of people from upgrading and not having to rebuy all those different accessories. Moving on, we have a microphone and transmitter, and this looks like the DJI Mic 3 in terms of its form factor. We get a magnetic clip, a little charging cable for it, as well as a magnet and windscreens. We also get a mini tripod, as well as a wrist strap, which I don't think the Pocket 3 came with the wrist strap. I could be wrong, but there is definitely room for one already there, so that could be great if you are vlogging handheld, you accidentally drop it, having that wrist strap will definitely save the day. Now, the one accessory I don't see in this Creator Combo is the battery grip. This thing has been nice that you can just, you know, slot into your Pocket 3 and power it and keep it charged, and just adds to that extended battery life. I think it adds like an extra hour to recording, which is definitely a game-changer. And the fact that this accessory is not included in the Creator Combo leads me to believe like, will we have enough battery life on the Pocket 4 to last through a full shoot? Or maybe the Pocket 4 has improved battery life, and we actually don't really need to bring this along. Which, in that case, I'm all for. So, here's a quick glance at the key differences between the Pocket 3 and the Pocket 4. We have improved dynamic range, which is also going to help in low light. We have 107 GB of built-in storage, as well as improved transfer speeds, which I think is a great feature to have in case you forget an SD card, or that means you don't necessarily need to buy one, so that can save some money. But I'm curious, like does that actually mean that there is no microSD card slot in the camera? That could be a deal-breaker if you need a little bit more than 3 hours of recording time. When it comes to zoom, there is a 2x lossless mode. Again, I'm really curious to see if this is better than the Pocket 3, and how much better it is. Improved tracking from 6.0 to 7.0, which allows smoother tracking. Oh, and I almost missed this. When it comes to audio, instead of three channels on the Pocket 3, we have Osmo audio four channel. This makes me wonder if we can actually connect more than two microphones to the Osmo Pocket 4. I guess we have to wait and see. When it comes to price point and availability for the Osmo Pocket 4, it looks like rumors are saying April 20th, so that is just around the corner. The standard combo costs around $500, with the Creator Combo being $150 more. So, if these leaks are true, the Pocket 4 looks like an overall refinement of the already popular Pocket 3. It's not really reinventing the wheel, but I do think these are going to be some really useful features that are going to be helpful for some creators. With a potential announcement just around the corner, I'm really curious to see what actually comes to fruition on the Osmo Pocket 4, maybe some software-level features. All of that I'll be really excited to test once we can get our hands on an Osmo Pocket 4. And DJI, if you're watching, please send one out. I'd love to test it. But what do you think about the Osmo Pocket 4? Is it enough to make you upgrade from your Pocket 3? Let me know in the comments down below. And if you're trying to decide which camera you should get to start making content this year, then check out this video on screen where I break down some of the best options.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeTraveler2025 [31 likes]: Hmm... how should I put it, the Pocket 4 feels more like an upgrade of the Pocket 3. Releasing it as a standalone product doesn’t seem to have anything particularly exciting, and I’m more interested in a telephoto lens like the Luna.
  2. @SolsticeGow [12 likes]: I’m really interested in how ActiveTrack 7.0 feels in real use. I shoot by myself a lot, so smoother tracking would matter a lot
  3. @ThinkMediaTV [11 likes]: What is the #1 feature you are hoping to see on the new DJI Osmo Pocket 4? Are you going to upgrade? Let us know below 👇
👉 Until then, checkout the Pocket 3 here ➡  https://geni.us/np6vGZ
  4. @SabinaMaj-i8g [9 likes]: Think media pointing out there might be no sd card slot is a real bummer. Seeing it is still a single lens camera just makes it feel like a minor upgrade. Plus we cannot even get dji in the us right now anyway. I am definitely waiting for the white luna ultra to get that leica dual lens setup. hah
  5. @keflahare [9 likes]: I bought the pocket 3 a few days ago and just returned it to get the pocket 4 when it returns. I haven't used the 3 yet so I won't have anything to compare it to so I'm excited that I was able to have the opportunity to experience the newer version of what I see is an already amazing device.
  6. @Luuuminara [8 likes]: The 4-channel audio upgrade is being slept on in this conversation. Going from 3 to 4 channels is actually a bigger deal for interview-style shooting.
  7. @MapleGlowc [8 likes]: DJI😋 please release soon!
  8. @shadowwwlegend2937 [6 likes]: D log is a game changer. The mavic 3 classic has it and chefs kiss. I would get it just for that alone.
  9. @Sonechkohj [2 likes]: The wrist strap inclusion is a small thing but genuinely appreciated
  10. @JustinW-67: The fill light accessory is a nice touch ngl
  11. @Galen159-v1l: 14 stops of dynamic range on something this small is pretty wild
  12. @hey_itschad: Bro the pocket 4 has a micro SD card slot! Great video!
  13. @Rosayanisselli: Do a comparison video 😍 Action 6 vs Osmo Pocket 4 
Im between those two
  14. @dmitriymedvedev2469: looks like didn't send cause it's unavailable in US WHOA WHOA WHOA
  15. @ThinkMediaTV: DJI Pocket 4 is announced and DOES have a micro SD card slot. Thank goodness! Apologies for any heart attacks I may have caused.
  16. @mytube4eva11: same same but different
  17. @iemmihir: Still using my Osmo Pocket 1 😅
  18. @marquism1799: I feel like if you own a Osmo Pocket 3, the 4 really isn't THAT much of an upgrade, BUT the Pocket 4 Pro on the other hand, if the leaks on that are real then THAT is the true upgrade for current Pocket 3 owners.
  19. @fit_focus27: The Pocket 3 already meets all my needs, so now I’m just waiting for the Insta Luna with the telephoto lens. From the leaked pictures, it looks like Luna will have my favorite white color. I can't wait!
  20. @RyuBlaze24: Nobody is doing it like dji

- Can I edit a video on the MacBook Neo?: Kind: captions Language: en This is the MacBook Neo, and it's [music] Apple's cheapest laptop, and everyone's been raving about its performance, its value, [music] and the specs. But, this video is a little bit different. I don't really care about what the specs say. I [music] want to see if I can actually rely on this machine. So, that's why in this video, I'm going to be pushing this laptop to its [music] absolute limits as I try to edit a full YouTube video on it. From importing footage, cutting everything together, adding music, text, graphics, [music] and color grading, everything that I would do on my much more expensive setup. Which might be too much to ask from a computer that's basically a glorified iPhone, but I remain optimistic. I think [music] this computer should be able to handle it. Or maybe I reach a point where I get too frustrated and switch back to my normal setup. We'll have to see. You got to just press record. All right, so here is a plan for this video. We're actually going to edit two different videos, a short social media clip, and then later I'll open up a full YouTube video to see how well the MacBook Neo can handle it. Let's start simple and edit a vertical video and honestly, I feel a lot of people are going to use the MacBook Neo for shorter form content. So, let's give this a shot first. Let me go ahead and open up DaVinci Resolve, and here I have three different clips, two iPhone clips, and then some from my Sony camera of this overhead shot. So, let me go ahead and drag in this footage. And let's just play it back and see if it can actually handle that. And then I have a DJI Mavic Mini here for So, so far we're getting good playback, 24 frames per second, no problem there. Let me go ahead and overlay the finished result from my Sony camera and just start dragging, dropping that. So, we see the final look. So far, cutting the clips together is no problem at all, but I am curious to see what it would look like if we add some captions. So, I'm going to go up here to timeline, and let's add some captions and see how long that takes. Press create and give it a few seconds here. Boom, that was really quick. We have all of our captions on our video. I can actually go in here and adjust >> [music] >> the heights and position of where I want these captions, add in a drop shadow. It seems like there is a little bit delay between me applying these effects and then seeing them in real time, but you could totally add some captions to your video if you want to make some quick shorts. Now, let's go ahead and play it back and see how it holds up. This is the MacBook Neo and I'm filming a top down shot for There it is. We're still getting our full resolution playback, which is awesome. We're basically done with this short. I can go ahead and go to export, and then let's just see how long this takes. And there we go, the video finished exporting in 28 seconds. So, for basic edits, short form content, or social posts, this is completely usable. But, chances are you might want to do a little bit more with the MacBook Neo. So, let's take it up a notch and edit a full YouTube video. Now, the first step when I am editing a full video is to take my talking head A-roll and cut it down so I can remove all the bad takes and mistakes that I make in my video. And normally, this process is super tedious and takes just a lot of time just to go through and cut things down. But, if you want to speed up this part of the process, then I recommend this tool that I've been using on every video I make. It's called Gling. They're actually the sponsor of today's video. All you have to do is upload your footage of your talking head, and then it's going to automatically process and remove all those bad takes and silences. So, you get something like this. You can go through and you can see where it has cut out and made some cuts. And then if I want to fine-tune it, I can actually go in and remove certain lines if I don't like it, or I can bring it back. And boom. I like that I can edit my video like a Word document rather than having to re-listen to the same take over and over. And as you can see, it's basically giving me a rough cut of my video. Once it's done, I can export this video as an MP4 or even bring it into my editor of choice like DaVinci Resolve. All you got to do now is import that file that Gling gave me, and then it's going to automatically make a new timeline for me. Shows up right here. And as you can see, I got my full rough cut of my timeline. I can even go in and make some fine-tune adjustments if my pacing was off. So, I love that I have the full flexibility and control over my video, and I can just begin the fun parts like adding in B-roll. I use Gling on every video that I make, including this one on the MacBook Neo, and easily saves me hours each time. If you want to try Gling for yourself, I'll leave a link in the description down below so you can check it out. All right, so now that I have my rough cut in DaVinci Resolve, let me just scrub through and see how well it holds up. It's very responsive, holding up just fine. Let's go ahead and give it a play and see if they drop any frames. As you can see right up here, we're getting full 24 frames per second playing back, which is awesome. But, let's jump ahead and I'll open up the full finished product. This is with B-roll, text, graphics, music, animation. This is where things can really bog down a machine, and we can start seeing it lag a little bit more. So, let's I'm very curious to see if it will play back. Let's just start playing. This action works as smoothly as it does on the pocket So, we got some animations going on. sound just as good. Maybe it's a little stuttery on some of those animations. Here I have some text work and a bunch of video layers playing at once. Let's play that back. audio between these cameras, I think it would be interesting It's stuttering, definitely, but it's totally usable if you do want to edit. And keep in mind, my playback resolution, I believe it's on the full resolution. So, it's playing back 4K video. If I need a little bit more performance, I'm totally down to go to half quality. I'm not going to tell you which one And yeah, it's playing back smoothly now. So, that is totally working, playing back much smoother if you just drop that playback resolution. I'm just curious to see how far we can push it. So, I'm going to open up the Fusion panel, and let's try to do a magic mask. Now, this magic mask tool is definitely very processor intensive. So, I'm very curious to see just how well this holds up. So, let's go ahead and select this box, and let's track it back and forth. Okay, so it took just around a minute to fully cut out this clip. And by stacking this masked layer, I can actually just put some text underneath and it has this really cool cutout effect. Now, this is where it's really hard to play back. So, let's let's give it a try. Let's just play back and see what happens. Well, back I tested this really strange camera called the Okay, it is now stuttering a little bit, but that's still really impressive. All right, so I have the full finished video and it's just under 10 minutes. Let's go ahead and export this and see how long it takes to export out on the MacBook Neo. Okay, it just finished exporting. So, for this 10-minute video, it exported out in 12 minutes and 11 seconds, which is a little bit slower. For some context, my M4 Max Studio that I normally edit on does the same in about 2 minutes and 49 seconds. And the MacBook Pro with the M1 Max chip took about 3 minutes and 23 seconds. So, yeah, it's definitely slower, but it does get the job done. So, now having used the MacBook Neo for about a week, I want to share what stood out to me, what I liked, and what I disliked. Let's first talk about the pros. This doesn't feel like a budget device at all. It all feels like a normal MacBook. Build quality is solid. Everything feels premium. The trackpad does feel a little bit different. It physically clicks in instead of the haptic feedback you get on the other MacBooks. I didn't think this was better or worse. I just kind of got used to it over time, and the fact that all your gestures work as you would expect. The speakers are pretty decent as well. They get plenty loud, which is great. >> And if you're playing back videos, you could totally edit with that. They're not as full as on the MacBook Pro, but still totally usable in my opinion. Battery life is decent. They rate it around 16 hours for basic video playback. If you do anything more intensive than that, obviously it's going to chew through battery. In my experience, I was doing a mixture of scripting, research, playing music in the background, a little bit of light video editing, and I still had around 30% battery left by the end of the day. Now, on the flip side, there are a few things that slowed me down and some things I really disliked about the MacBook Neo. First off is the limited ports. You only have two USB-C ports, and only one is rated at the USB type three speeds. The other one is USB two. So, one's faster than the other. Storage is another issue. Even with the 512 GB model that I've been using, even after a few projects, you're going to need to use an external SSD to store your videos on. And if you are specifically video editing, it can get a little bit weird if you need to take footage off your camera with its SD card, you have to use this adapter, then plug that in. Then you almost have to transfer everything to the internal SSD, then you remove that and then plug in the SSD and transfer everything to that. So, it's a little bit more complicated than what I would like. Another downside when it comes to video editing is when you are transferring files from, let's say, your card over to your SSD, things just feel a little bit slower. While I don't think that's necessarily a deal breaker, you will need more patience when it comes to moving files around. Screen size is also something to consider. At 13 in, things can feel more cramped, especially when you are editing. And this is just a perfect example of this. It can be really hard sometimes to see exactly what you are working on, and you're zooming in, trying to make sure you can actually see your finished video. And while we're on the topic of the screen, brightness is something that can be limiting, especially if you use this outdoors. It could be really hard to see your screen because of the lack of brightness this is capable of. Also, you just get a giant glare on the screen. So, especially on darker backgrounds like editing in DaVinci Resolve, it could be really difficult to see. Overall, if you're willing to work within the limits, you can do about 80 or 90% of what you would do on a bigger machine, but in a much smaller, more portable form factor. And honestly, most of my content creation isn't just editing. It's the scripting, research, planning, and the MacBook Neo handles all of that really well. So, the fact I can do all that, plus being able to edit a video when I need to, is just icing on the cake. So, that brings us to the question, who is the MacBook Neo for? And I'm going to categorize this into three different groups of people. Number one, if you are a beginner creator, this means you are editing simple talking head videos, adding some music, text, or even captions. Maybe you're coming from a phone and looking for a proper machine to start editing your videos, the MacBook Neo is a great place to start. You'll just notice how simple and approachable the MacBook Neo feels, and it's fast enough for basic edits. It's super portable, and it gives you that full Mac experience without the higher price tag. So, for beginners, this gets a five out of five stars. Now, if you're growing as a creator, maybe you're uploading consistently, you're doing more B-roll, titles, and maybe adding some transitions, and you're really starting to level up your edits a bit, this is where things get a little bit more nuanced because it can definitely handle it, but you are going to start feeling its limitations. Playback isn't always going to be as smooth, and your export times are going to be slower. So, while it works, it is going to take a little bit of effort to make it work. And for that person, I'll give this four out of five stars. Now, if you're a little bit more like me, maybe an advanced editor, and you're doing a lot with heavy timelines, color grading your videos, using multiple layers, multiple timelines, this is where you are going to face some real limit cations as well. The 13-in screen is going to feel small when you are editing with it. Export times are slower, especially if you're doing a lot of revisions, that can be really annoying. I didn't limit the ports, you're definitely going to be needing to use dongles and external drives. All of that just adds friction to your process. But, as we've seen in this video, it can definitely handle those heavier edits if you need to. Now, would I want to rely on this every day for that level work? Probably not. So, for advanced editing, I'd say this is more like a two and a half out of five stars. But, the way I see it is this is an amazing if you are just getting started. It's capable enough to grow with you, but it's not built for high-end demanding editing workflows. And as long as you go in knowing that, you're going to be happy with the MacBook Neo. You know, the MacBook Neo almost reminds me of my first editing computer. I actually got started on my iPad, and it just was not very good. But, it wasn't until my parents actually invested in a MacBook Pro that I really felt like my editing skills, my content creation skills, really began to grow. And I think the same way that machine was able to be that tool for me, I think the MacBook Neo is going to be that tool for others. If you're a student, or you're just getting started wanting to make a YouTube channel, wanting to make better content, this is a great machine as we've proven today. You can edit videos on it, which is absolutely amazing. You can do a lot with it despite its size and price. What do you guys think about the MacBook Neo? Are you going to pick one up? Let me know in the comments down below. And if you are interested in learning how to edit a video in DaVinci Resolve, I actually have a full tutorial where I take you step by step the entire process. Check out the video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [9 likes]: Be honest: Are you planning on picking up a MacBook Neo, or are you saving up for a "Pro" model? 👇
✨ Check out Gling AI here and get one extra credit for video editing ➡ https://gling.ai/?via=think-media
👨🏻‍💻 Check out the MacBook Neo laptop here (Amazon link) ➡ https://geni.us/sBuXIJj
  2. @milkylattechoco [5 likes]: The blush one ❤
  3. @Rog-m8m [4 likes]: Why didn't you use Davinci Resolve Free version?  FCP costs 300 bucks, people buying a NEO wont be paying that kinda price to get started.  We want to see true Neo performance in rendering and exporting when using free software that isn't optimized for Apple.  Also please show Activity Monitor when doing basic 4k editing.  The NEO has a tiny cheap SSD and SWAP usage could do a lot more damage to it than the much higher quality SSDs found in more expensive Macbooks.
  4. @JustPaul70 [4 likes]: Do the thermal pad hack and you'll see a big improvement in the Neo's speed. It's all about stopping the Neo's CPU from thermal throttling.
  5. @m.hreels [1 likes]: I was hoping for a video like this! 💻🙏🏻
  6. @waterlife5708 [1 likes]: This is so reassuring because I ordered an MacBook Air.
  7. @juanpablomartinezc [1 likes]: This is one of the most complete MacBook Beo videos on video editing I've watched. And I watched a ton of them already. So, thank you. It really helped.
  8. @caloyvideos: I think it's good enough for 30 seconds 4K video Reels. With sound effects and auto caption and color grading and sound design.
  9. @dougsphoto: who cares as I can edit a video on my iPhone 7+  in 2026 the question you should ask or tell us will you sell all your other laptops and only use the Neo has Apple kill the sales of 90% of there laptops
  10. @prorover591: Is there any delete key ? If not how to delete a file
  11. @alannikander1987: I own a Mac mini.. that’s my in house workhorse.   But I’ve used my iPad for on the road editing… road trips and airplanes… but I was thinking a neo would be an upgrade from iPad without paying for a MacBook Air..
  12. @Mitch_Meister: What about an IPad Pro 2018? 😆. Or am I tripping to be stuck on a product from 7-8 years ago.
  13. @ridedirt73: What editing software are you using?
  14. @lifewithpeers: To think the A18 chip rivals an intel core i5 is actually impressive.
  15. @SoFrolushes: Im still going to get a new MacBook Pro. As I feel for travel my iPad is enough
  16. @DemBbb91342: top spec neo is 750 including taxes still expensive
  17. @chrisbenn: It only has 8 gb ram?!
  18. @alanfindlayviewfromtherock6200: These reviews are utterly pointless. The Neo is not meant to be pushed its limits. It's a budget laptop that is perfectly adequate for most tasks. There. Sorted.
  19. @phoenixr6811: So this sounds like the neo is good for short social media and film school video editing any larger projects sounds like we need to stick to pro and Mac!😉
  20. @thewhitbyphotographer: So it looks like a MacBook Air ? maybe even better ?

- I Tested 10 Cameras Under $100 (so you don't have to): Kind: captions Language: en I just bought a bunch of cameras that cost under $100 to try to figure out if there are super budget cameras that are actually worth it. And I'm using the first camera on that list right here. It's the EMEET C950. And I'm ranking this camera, as well as all of the rest of the cameras on this list, based on these five criteria right here, so we can try to figure out the best options. And the craziest thing about this little webcam is it only cost $18 and is a massive improvement over the internal webcam on my MacBook Pro. So, if you instantly want to improve the quality of your video calls or recordings or live streams, this is an awesome upgrade. I'll put all my rankings right here on screen. And this camera actually performed really well with 30 possible points given out of 50. You will see that versatility suffers a little bit because webcams have to be just dedicated in one location. So, this camera's not very versatile, but we have a bunch of different point-and-shoot and vlogging cameras and webcams to still test in this video. And you would think that as you start spending more money, the image quality and performance gets a lot better. But that's actually not always the case. So, the first dedicated camera on our list is this one from Rove Cart. It's a 5K ultra digital camera. And there's actually lots of different variations of this camera that say it shoots in 5K resolution. And it looks absolutely awful. And I can't actually even see my image because this camera has no flip screen. So, I have no idea what my composition looks like. And the lens is so unbelievably tight, I even had to put it on a little vlog stick to hopefully get enough reach. And like I have I still don't even know if I'm in the frame. And normally the composition has to be like this. And it's like so tight, I literally can't even see it. And the weirdest thing about these cameras are that there are hundreds of them on Amazon with so many of them having like hundreds of four and five-star reviews, which makes you think like the camera you're getting actually might be somewhat usable. Then you get it in and you're like, "Okay, why does this thing look like it was shot on a literal potato?" I won't even waste time going through all of the different rankings for this camera. The total score though was only eight out of 50 points in terms of convenience and image quality. Like this thing is just not a good camera. Now, this camera cost about $50, but what if we bump up our budget to about $60 or so? What can that get us off of Amazon? So, for about $10 more you can get this camera from the seller V Janger, but there's a bunch of different sellers that effectively sell this exact same camera. It's just a basic 4K camera that's usually under $100 from a bunch of different sellers. This one in particular I got for $60. And for paying about $10 more, I think you actually do get $10 worth more of image quality. But as you can tell, it still does not look very good. Now, the lens is a little bit wider though, so that's nice. I don't have to put this on a vlog stick in order to get correct composition. I'm just holding the camera out in front of me right now and the lens is a lot wider. And this camera has a flip screen, so I can see myself. I see my composition. I see that I'm properly framed up. The thing about these kinds of cameras though are that they certainly do not look better than just using the smartphone that you probably already have in your pocket to capture those everyday life moments. So, purchasing a dedicated camera to get to these kinds of results just doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. And I would just never recommend somebody actually purchase a camera like this. I'll put all my rankings right here on screen, so you can see what I ranked it for each criteria. But overall, this only finished with 12 out of 50 possible points. So, really not a camera I can recommend. Now, for this next camera, instead of grabbing another point-and-shoot style camera, what if we went for more of like a dedicated vlogging style camera? And that's where this camera from ZOM Farm comes in. It's called the ZOM Farm Body Cam. And it's actually a 4K capable camera. And reminds me a lot of the style of the DJI Pocket 3. But the camera's not on a gimbal and the image quality is really not that good. I will say though, it is a substantial increase in quality over those first couple of Amazon cameras that we showed you. So, I will actually rank it like five out of 10 in terms of image quality. I think it is passable if you want to start learning how to vlog and just capturing some everyday moments. It's really not the most versatile camera though. It's not really designed for YouTube style studio shots or even like using it as a webcam. It's really just for like walk and talk style vlogging and just capturing like some subtle b-roll if you want. I'll put the total rankings for this camera right here on screen. This camera scored 17 out of 50 possible points, which isn't that high of a ranking, but it is a lot better than those first couple Amazon cameras that we mentioned. And I think it's overall a decent camera for beginners if you're just wanting to learn how to start vlogging or for even younger kiddos if you don't want to purchase them like a $500 Pocket 3. This is only like $68 and they can start learning how to vlog and capturing those everyday moments. Now, for this next Amazon camera, we've officially entered dad mode. Did any other millennial kids wake up on Christmas morning and your dad had this little like camcorder and like recorded you waking up on Christmas morning or for birthdays and stuff? Well, this camera reminds me of those kinds of home videos. This is a digital camcorder from KAMEIR, but there's lots of different brands that sell a similar camcorder style. And this is only an $80 camcorder to get started. And to me, this kind of camera instantly transports you to like the late '90s, early 2000s when camera quality was not that great, but the image honestly is kind of nostalgic. And there's times where I'm actually hired to film events or music videos where the talent actually wants that kind of look that feels retro like a VHS tape or an old handy camera. And while the image quality of this camera is not that great, I'd only give it like maybe a three out of 10, it is kind of a fun vibe if you know what to expect. I wish I could give out bonus points for fun factor because this camera is honestly so fun to use. Now, the zoom on this camera is a little bit weird. It sort of like zooms in in notches. It's not smooth and I'd prefer it to be smooth, but honestly as you zoom in, you really don't lose much image quality at all, which is nice. A lot of these other cameras, if you start zooming in, the image really falls apart. Overall score for this little handy cam is 23 points out of 50, which isn't the greatest, but if you want a fun camera that has kind of a retro feel, I think it is actually kind of a fun option. Now, at this point we have an $18 webcam leading the pack in terms of image quality and performance. So, I went ahead and leaned into that a little bit and decided to pick up two additional webcams that cost under $100. Starting with this one right here, it's another 1080p webcam. This is called the OBSBOT Meet SE. This is a super tiny and cute little webcam that's only about an inch wide and inch tall. It's super portable and this one is actually USB-C. So, there's a little USB-C output that plugs directly into your computer and you can use this just like the first webcam to record talking head style videos at your dedicated workstation. In terms of image quality, I actually think this does look pretty good. Enough to give it one additional point over the C950 for a score of six out of 10. This camera is very easy to use, but again, that versatility is where this camera suffers. Webcams are just not very versatile. I can't take this away from the studio space at all and do some of those other things that I was doing with the really budget Amazon cameras. It's impossible to do those with the OBSBOT Meet SE because this camera has to be tethered to a computer to be able to record. Image quality like this though is what I wish some of these really budget Amazon cameras would be able to produce. The image is a lot sharper. It looks a lot better for colors as well straight out of camera. And I can do a little bit of pushing and pulling of my colors in post-production if I want to enhance the image even further. So, overall, this is a pretty cool camera if you're okay just recording in whatever home office space you already have. The overall score I'm giving for this camera is 27 points out of 50, which I feel like is fair. But I don't know, you let me know if you feel like this camera deserves to be scored higher. Now, this next webcam, we are spending a little bit more to touch right around that $100 mark at $99. is the OBSBOT Meet 4K. And effectively, everything we just talked about for the Meet SE, it's going to be very similar. You're going to get a similar size camera and design with a USB-C output, same software control and everything like that. The main adjustment is that this camera now can shoot in 4K resolution. So, that actually gives you four times the amount of pixels to work with in terms of sharpness and detail and the ability to scale your image up or down if you want to reframe in post-production. And I actually think the color straight out of camera on the Meet 4K are a little bit better than the Meet SE as well. So, overall, I'm going to give it another bump up in terms of image quality for a seven out of 10. But effectively, all of the other scores are going to stay about the same except for the overall value. I'm actually going to decrease this camera one point and reduce its value score to six out of 10. Only really because paying that additional $30 to get 4K, while for some people it might be worth it, I think for others, they really don't care about getting that 4K quality out of a little webcam. They're just going to do some video calls or stream with. So, overall value, I think it's actually less than maybe even the Meet SE because it is more affordable. In any case, I ranked these about the same score of 27 points out of 50. All right. So, obviously webcams are punching above their weight class. But what happens if we spend just a little bit more on a camera and go above our $100 budget to this camera right here that I got for $109. This is the AKASO Brave 7 LE. And this is more like a GoPro style action camera that can be used for some different purposes. Right away, you'll notice that the image quality of this action camera is actually halfway decent. And it's much better than that ZOM Farm action camera that we mentioned earlier in the video. It honestly reminds me of some of the older GoPro models that I used to have back in the day. But when those were launched, they were multiple hundreds of dollars to get started. And now you can grab this level of image quality and an action camera format for only about $100. If you're somebody who likes documenting outdoor activities like biking or running or hiking, this actually could be a good option because it's going to be more weather resistant than the rest of the cameras on this list, but also is a really tiny form factor that you can mount in a bunch of different ways. It also has really solid image stabilization if you want to be more active with the camera. I'll go ahead and put my overall rankings right here on screen. And this camera actually scored 32 points out of 50, which is a really solid score. And I actually think the AKASO Brave 7 and even some of the more affordable AKASO cameras are actually worth the money. They overall have really great build quality and pretty decent image results as well. Now, if you're really set on getting a dedicated mirrorless or DSLR style camera for around $100, it's honestly pretty hard to do, but there are a few cameras out there that you could look for. Starting with this series right here from Sony. This is their NEX camera series. Specifically, I'm filming on the Sony NEX-3N right now, and I purchased this camera for only $69 off of eBay. I bought other NEX cameras from Facebook Marketplace, even one I purchased for $100 and it came with the kit lens. I'm actually using that kit lens right now with the NEX-3N. So, for around $100 to $200, you might be able to find a used Sony NEX camera to get this level of image quality. Now, the video results on this camera are pretty decent, but where I think this really shines is the photo performance. So, if you're looking for a dedicated photography camera, this is like the first one on the list that actually excels with stills photography. Plus, it uses the Sony E-mount mirrorless lens system, so you can attach any Sony E-mount lens to this camera to dial in your creative look based on your lens choice. The hard thing about buying used cameras is you really never know the condition of the camera that you're purchasing if you have to order it online. And it's also really hard to predict what used camera prices will be 6 months from now because everything's always fluctuating in price. I'll put my rankings for this camera right here on screen and you can see that it actually ranks pretty high with a score of 33.0 out of 50. And I especially love the versatility of a camera like the NEX-3N because you can use it for both photo stuff like vlogging and capturing videos like this, but also for great stills photography. Now, another camera that's right around $150 is the Hollyland Lyra, and that's what I'm using right here in this shot. And you can tell that the image quality actually looks really good, and it's one of the best-looking images on our entire list today. So, if you can swing like an extra $50 to your budget, instead of buying a $100 camera that might not look so good, if you're okay recording in a dedicated studio space, the Lyra is a really solid option for only $150. You do get some dedicated software with the Lyra called the Holly Studio, and you can do a bunch of different things inside of that software. And this is the first camera on this list that I can confidently say, yes, like go out and get this camera. It's actually a great value, and it has the highest value score out of all of the cameras on our list today of a 10 out of 10 for value. Specifically, because there's one additional feature that I think is really cool. Hollyland has included a built-in audio receiver inside of the Lyra that pairs seamlessly with their Lark A1 microphone. So, if you have a Hollyland Lark A1 or you want to purchase an upgrade for this camera, it's only $10 to add a solo Lark A1 transmitter to this kit, and now you have a wireless microphone solution only for 10 bucks that pairs seamlessly with your Lyra webcam. Also, for this entire video, I'm using the Hollyland Lark Max 2 microphone as my audio source, and I think Hollyland just makes a lot of great consumer-friendly products. This video is not sponsored by Hollyland or anybody else, actually. They just make a lot of great products that we enjoy, and I think the Lyra is a great option. The overall value score I'm giving the Lyra though is 39.0 out of 50, which is the highest score on our list so far, but there are a couple other cameras I still want to talk about, including another really weird DJI Pocket 3-style knockoff camera that I find super fascinating. So, this is that next DJI Pocket 3 knockoff, but what's interesting about this camera is that the image quality is actually pretty usable, and this camera has a couple unique features that I haven't seen before. So, this is the SJCAM C400, and the camera itself is just this tiny little rectangle shape, but the camera also comes with this interesting battery handle {slash} monitor, and you can attach these together to create one cohesive unit that actually is pretty nice to grip. So, when you look at it, it's obviously copying the Pocket 3 design with that swivel screen that can go from vertical to horizontal, and you can actually change different orientations depending on how you want to film. Now, this camera can shoot in 4K video up to 30 frames per second, and also has some pretty solid image stabilization, even though this camera is not on a gimbal. It just uses software stabilization, unlike the Pocket 3, which has a physical gimbal. But, as I walk around right now, you can literally see like the image results are pretty smooth, and this is without a gimbal. Now, this camera is a little bit over budget for this video. I had to spend $171 to get this image quality, but when you consider the price of the Pocket 3, that's like four times more expensive than this camera. So, if you're okay sacrificing a little bit of image quality and the physical gimbal and tracking that the Pocket 3 has, this could be a good starter option for just getting into vlogging. Plus, you don't have to use the camera with the battery handle. If you want to have a more compact travel camera, you can use it just the camera itself. So, for the rankings for this camera, I'll put up on screen. It ended up actually getting sixes across the board for a total score of 30 out of 50 points, which is pretty impressive for a camera that's about four times less than the Pocket 3. Overall, this could be a pretty cool option for somebody who wants to get into vlogging with a dedicated camera, but doesn't want to fork out $500 for a Pocket 3. Now, back in the studio for this final camera, and I actually think this might be the best-looking camera on this entire list. But, yes, I had to go way over budget for this video, but I think it's worth talking about because if you're able to fork out nearly $200 for your dedicated studio camera, you could grab the Yolo Cam S3. And it's probably a camera you've never heard of, but one you absolutely should know about because the image quality is so fantastic. Like, I honestly don't have to say much about the image quality. You can just look at these different image samples and comparisons I did with cameras that are honestly like in the thousands of dollar ranges, and this camera only costs $199. And then as you compare it side by side with some of even the best-performing cameras on this list, I think the Yolo Cam S3 is obviously the best choice in terms of image quality. This camera's also really easy to use. Just plug it right into your computer, and you're ready to start recording. But, it also comes with a really robust software that you can customize the look and feel of this camera and all of the manual controls, however you would prefer. I gave this camera a four out of 10 for versatility, while I gave the Lyra a five out of 10 because I think that wireless microphone control just makes it more suitable for content creators who want really seamless workflows. The Yolo Cam S3 actually doesn't even have a built-in microphone, so you are required to use external microphones if you want to capture audio with the Yolo Cam S3. So, it's not quite as versatile as the Lyra, but I think the image quality and performance makes up the difference. So, the total score I gave the Yolo Cam S3 is 40 points out of 50, which is the highest score on our entire list. Now, if we rank all these cameras and see how everything finished up, you can see the rankings right here. And as you can tell, as you spend more money on a dedicated camera, you're going to be able to get a lot better image performance. So, if you're somebody who truly cannot spend more than $100, I'd encourage you to look at a webcam option if you're okay filming inside your house. Something like the Obspot Meet SE is only about 60 or 70 dollars could be a great starter option, or go all the way down to the eMeet C950 for 18 bucks. Honestly, the image looks pretty good. If you're able to spend between $100 and $200, this really will open you up to a lot more options like the Hollyland Lyra or the Yolo Cam S3 for a dedicated webcam, or even an action-style camera you can use outdoors like the Akaso Brave 7 or the SJCAM C400. These are kind of fun options that don't break the bank, but they are going to cost over $100. And if you want a dedicated mirrorless or DSLR style camera, you're going to have to go for the used camera markets. Something like the Sony NEX series or the Canon Rebel series like the T2i or T3i are really affordable between like one and $300 on Facebook Marketplace, and these are some quality starter options for dedicated cameras. Now, if you want to check out some budget gear under $100 that's actually worth it, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video, and I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [11 likes]: Which of these budget cameras surprised you the most? Let us know below👇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @mustangdbest220 [4 likes]: Forgot the cameras onboard mic quality sound tests
  3. @Ayrichu [2 likes]: If the point of a camera is to get started recording and filming videos, every single person already has access to the perfect beginner camera. It's your phone camera. It will completely crush these scameras out of the water even if you have a relatively cheap phone.
  4. @mortonfamily8609 [1 likes]: Oh BEE S bot like the software.
  5. @societl: if you have no choice but spending 100$ or less, get an old gopro for an action camera or an akaso, if you want a camera for photography get an old DSLR, for vlogging just buy a refurbished or used dji osmo pocket 1
  6. @cruikshank: I got really blessed. I purchased a brand new DJI Pocket 2 Creator bundle for $70. I love it, the quality is awesome. I’ve also been happy with used GoPro 7 Blacks around $75. Lately I’ve seen used GoPro 11 & 12’s for like $125. Just watch Marketplace all the time, bargains pop up.
  7. @d.jAubreyMonty: 3:55  fps is shit
  8. @flying-sandals: Is it possible to use the the OBSBOT MEET as external cam for Android?
  9. @jo100: Just Curious, I Know The Hollyland Lyra Camera Is For Your Laptop Or Computer And All, But Can You Use The Hollyland Lyra Camera As A Camera To Take Pictures And Videos?
  10. @rickphoenixloftsracingpige9697: Budget cameras with a mini hdmi to hdmi?
  11. @joshroselundmusic: Love the Light of the World hat!  Great video!!!
  12. @sebastianfrog: lol turns out the best 100 dollar camera is 200 dollars
  13. @_hanz73: I feel like getting and older cameras is a much better options than getting those shitty point and shot cameras!
  14. @DaveA-x8b6k: What camera did you record this video on if you don't mind me asking?
  15. @MaximusJohal: SJCAM use to be good but feels like its low quality images/videos
  16. @chaostime-bn9np: These are fairly high production value videos, made quite enthusiastically.  However, including handheld, standalone cameras and webcams in the same group, on top of disregarding a $100 limit, seems like 'apples and oranges'  to me.  I can kind of see where you're coming from, but other than showcasing a variety of 'cameras', I'm not sure how numerical scores made sense.  Thanks for the info though.
  17. @SamuelErnest: Nicee
  18. @wescoleman1360: 16:26 got me all confused with the $18 price showing
  19. @wescoleman1360: No chance the MacBook camera looks worse at 0:30…..
  20. @philscott7949: Half way though this video nothing appeared to be improving. Then I checked the YouTube settings. It had defaulted to 480p. Bumping up to HD made a huge difference! Lol.

- This camera is basically a DJI Pocket 3 now...: Kind: captions Language: en A while back, I tested this really strange camera called the Extra Muse. It looks almost identical to the DJI Pocket 3. Same design, same menus, even very similar image quality. But it was missing one feature that made the Pocket 3 so useful. You couldn't connect a wireless mic directly to the camera. Well, this all changes because this camera just got an update that adds exactly that. And if this actually works the way I think it does, this thing might basically be a Pocket 3 now. So that's why I want to test this and find out if that is actually true. So according to the latest update notes, the extra line of cameras now supports DJI's wireless microphones. That is a pretty big deal because before this, the only way to use a wireless mic with this camera was to plug in a receiver into the USBC port, which works, but it also means you got this extra thing hanging off the side of the camera, and that kind of defeats the whole purpose of using a tiny vlogging camera like this in the first place. As far as which microphones are compatible, it should be able to work with the DJI Mic 2, Mic Mini, and the Mic 3. And I actually have all three microphones with me, which we'll test out in this video. But I'm really curious about two things. First, does this actually work as smoothly as it does on the Pocket 3? And second, does it sound just as good? But first, we need to update our camera. In order to update your camera, you'll need to download the app. And then we're going to connect the extra muse to our phone and install the firmware from there. Now, as you can see right here, it says offers Bluetooth wireless microphone connectivity with no separate receiver needed. And if this is true, this could honestly make this camera a much more practical option. Okay, so now that the camera is updated, I have the mic mini here and I'm just want to see how well it pairs with the camera. So, let's first dive into the settings on the extra muse. right below here when we now see that it says wireless mic. So, I'm going to click on that and then we're going just to pair the DJI Mic Mini directly to this camera and see if it connects. So, I'm just going to hold down the connect button. And it looks like it's found the microphone. So, let's go ahead and press connect. And then we have a few different settings to control the microphone. Just like on the Pocket 3, we can choose between low cut filter, clipping control, as well as our monitor volume. Okay, so far it seems like it's working, but I want to go back to the menu and see if we can control the volume and switch a few settings in the main shooting mode. So, I'll go ahead and swipe over to the right. And here we go. We have our microphone as well as our audio levels right up here. So, I can adjust that on the go. Okay, so we still have the same level control as what you would expect on the Pocket 3. It's actually way easier than I thought it would be. But now I'm curious to see if the camera will remember the mic if I turn it off. So, let me go ahead and turn it off and turn it back on. And it's remembered the microphone, which is just awesome. Now, I want to press the connect button to trigger the recording and see if this works as well. And it does. It's just so cool. All right. Next, let me try the DJI Mic 3. I'm going to go back into the settings, click on wireless mic, and let's see if it connects. And it looks like it's connected as well. Again, I have the same transmitter settings, low cut, backup recording, all of that is right here. I can easily turn them on or off, which is super cool. Now, I will quickly test to see if I connect two wireless microphones to this camera. So, let me go and connect this other mic 3. And let's see. Yep, here we go. Two microphones connected. Pretty cool. So, there we have it. As you can see, we can connect multiple microphones to this camera. Basically, everything is identical as it is on the Pocket 3. The one thing I did notice that was slightly different is on the Pocket 3, it will kind of show you how to connect the microphone by clicking on this info button. Whereas on the Extra Muse, you kind of have to figure it out on your own. So far, things are looking really good with this update. All that is really left to do is a few different audio tests to see if it truly matches the audio quality as on the Pocket 3. So, let's go ahead and do a few different tests. Okay, so before we start comparing anything, I just want to show a bit of a baseline. This is the internal mic on the Extra Muse, and it honestly doesn't sound too bad. One limitation of the built-in mic, obviously, is as you get further away, it's going to be harder to pick up my audio and I have to project it a little bit more. So, that's where a wireless microphone can really come in handy. So, let's switch over to the DJI Mic Mini. And just like that, we connected the DJI Mic Mini to the extra Muse camera. So, now even if I step further back, my voice remains consistent. And that is such a big deal to have a feature like this on this kind of camera. Now, the DJI Mic Mini isn't the only microphone compatible with this camera. We can also connect the DJI Mic 2, which I have right now. This has the benefit of backup recording as well as that 3.5 mm input. So, super cool that we have this much capability with all the different DJI mics. And also, this is compatible with all the extra cameras. I think they all get this update, which is super cool to see. And now I switched over to the DJI Mic 3. And this should give you a pretty good sense of how each microphone sounds with this camera. It sounds pretty good, but how does it compare to something like the DJI Pocket 3? Let's test it out. So to compare the audio quality between these cameras, I think it would be interesting to do a blind comparison. So I have the DJI Mic Mini connected to the Pocket 3 and the Extra Muse. I'm not going to tell you which one is which. Instead, I'm just going to label them A and B. That way you guys can kind of piece together which one you think sounds better. And as we switch between the two cameras, I will mention that both of the settings are identical across both cameras when it comes to audio. So, if we can discern any differences, this is the test for that. A little bit of a walking and talking test with the cameras. It's a little bit windy out. There's some background noise, but we'll switch from camera A to camera B. Let me know if you guys can hear any sort of difference. And if you want to check out any of the gear that I mentioned in this video between the two cameras and all the microphones, I'll have that linked in the description down below. Okay, so now I want to see if there's any differences in the noise cancellation. So we'll do some test between these just to see if it's any different. Right now we have noise cancellation turned off on both microphones. Let's be quiet for a bit to hear the background noise. Now, noise cancellation is set to low. And again, same identical settings across both cameras. Let's take a listen. Now, set noise cancellation to high. So, let's be quiet and hear the differences. So, now that we've listened to a few scenarios, I'd love to know which one you think sounds better. Could you tell any difference? Which one you think is the Pocket 3? Which one you think is the Extra Muse? Go ahead and leave a comment down below before I reveal the answer. All right, so now that you've heard all the different tests, let's talk about the results. While I was listening back to these clips, I honestly was trying to hear if there's any real difference between them. And for the most part, they sounded very similar. Both sounded clear and picked up my voice really well. Overall, there was nothing that would make me say that one was dramatically better than the other. All right, so time for the reveal. But first, a quick drum roll. Camera A was the DJI Pocket 3 and camera B was the Extra Muse. So, if you guessed correctly, let me know in the comments down below. And if you couldn't really tell a difference, honestly, that was kind of my experience, too. But now that we know this camera can work with DJI microphones and deliver audio quality that's basically on par with the Pocket 3, that changes the conversation a little bit. And the question becomes, what does this actually mean when it comes to choosing between both of these cameras? Let's talk about that. First off, if you already own the Extra Muse or any of the extra line of cameras, this update is honestly a really nice improvement because before this, if you wanted to use a wireless mic, you had to plug a receiver into the bottom of this camera, which worked, but it made the whole setup a little bit more bulky. But now, you can just pick up something like the DJI Mic Mini for $25, clip it on, connect it to your camera, and you're good to go. And that makes this camera way more practical for things like vlogging or YouTube content and makes it just as capable as the Pocket 3. Now, the bigger question is, would I go out and buy the Extra Muse today instead of the DJI Pocket 3? Honestly, that's where things get a little bit tricky. In terms of pricing, typically you can find the Extra Muse for around $420, while the Pocket 3 typically sits closer to $520 for the camera only. So, generally speaking, the Extra Muse is still the cheaper option, but the situation can get a little bit weird depending on the availability of these cameras because sometimes the Pocket 3 can be harder to find or the price fluctuates quite a bit depending on where you buy it from. But, at the time of recording this video, you can actually pick up the Pocket 3 new from B&H for $440. Personally, if the prices are fairly close, I would still lean towards the Pocket 3, mostly because you're getting the official DJI product. longerterm supports, more firmware updates, and a more established ecosystem. But if the Extra Muse is significantly cheaper or it's the only camera you can actually get your hands on right now, this update definitely makes it a much more compelling option than it was before. If you want to check out the Extra Muse, the Pocket 3, or any of the microphones we tested, I'll have links to everything down below. And if you want to know the best vlogging camera depending on your needs and budget, check out this video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @simonsays_zzz [19 likes]: For anyone who already owns DJI mics, the Pocket 3 is still the safest choice. Everything feels more polished, and that matters when you just want to turn on the camera and start shooting
  2. @goodmanhammond8964 [11 likes]: The blind test was interesting, but similar audio quality alone wouldn’t make me switch. The Pocket 3 still has the advantage of being the product that others are trying to copy
  3. @ThinkMediaTV [10 likes]: If the Xtra Muse and the DJI Pocket 3 were the exact same price today, which one are you buying? 🤔👇
📸 Xtra Muse here ➡ https://geni.us/YUyVJ
📸 DJI Osmo Pocket 3 ➡ https://geni.us/zUHmy
  4. @Olafgolafpop1 [6 likes]: For those who have a trip to Europe in foreseeable future or have friends who do: Here you can get the Pocket 3 for under 400 USD.
  5. @thecloudtherapist [1 likes]: It's more expensive than the DJI Pocket 3, so what's the point?
  6. @axsomoutdooradventures [1 likes]: Audio was essentially the same but the Muse actually had better noise cancellation. IMO
  7. @GRO77: Was really hoping for a range test!
I saw a video that showed the range of his xtra camera with Dji mic was awful, I’m hoping that was just a fluke and isn’t reality.
  8. @JoshuaSalajan: $297.48 Is what I payed on Amazon for the Xtra Muse. I think that’s a pretty good deal considering you can’t buy the OP3 in the states anymore
  9. @heythere1968: i love how he recommends it with fear of it not being the dji label... lol its dji they had no choice but to bring it in with another. name to get around the american ban. they couldnt have the mic set up originally and now they add it. anyone acting like its not dji is clearly misleading you on purpose
  10. @EmoEmu: In my country the real Pocket3 is actually cheaper. Probably because there's only one Muse seller. ;)
  11. @adz-ql6kv: i do not see the excitement at all. it's just a pocket 3 with different branding and firmware/UI
  12. @TruckingTendencies: DJI might as well called it 'NOT Pocket 3' haha DJI was trying to keep it lowkey but influencers ruined it lol
  13. @MillerrFilms: I like how the Xtra Muse has that slightly wider look to it!
  14. @PizzaDisguise: They're not even trying to not copy this. How is this not a design patent abuse, and why do you want to support companies that are just piggybacking on the innovation of another company?
  15. @kennyadvocat: The extra has always been a clone of pocket 3. Nothing has been changed.
  16. @EShelby2127: Black Friday I bought the Xtra Muse, $429. Two Year Warranty 
Last week I bought a dji Pocket 3 on Woot (Amazon deal a day site), for $299. 90 Day Woot Warranty Sealed box new. Rumor is that a new model will be announced April 20th.
  17. @m1kel: does it work with the lark max2 or any other wireless mic?
  18. @felotanjili: pocket 3 all the way
  19. @richiethedirector: Oh my!
  20. @gulcansezer9044: Çok hoş bir ürüne benziyor ama

- How to Add Tags to Your YouTube Videos (2026 Update): Kind: captions Language: en To add tags to a YouTube video, click details, which is located here on a new video and here on a video you've already uploaded. If you scroll down, this is where you'll add descriptive words to help people find your video. And if you're a phone-only creator, you can add tags under attributes in the YouTube Studio app. There's no need to use the hashtag symbol in this box. Video tags are completely different than the hashtags you'd put in your description. You don't need to worry about capitalization here, and you can use spaces just like you normally would as you're typing out a longer keyword phrase. To make sure that what you're typing in this box actually counts as a tag, you're going to need to add a comma. So, after your word or your overall phrase that you typed in, simply add a comma, hit the space bar, and now you've officially created a tag. Quick pro tip, if you want to save some time, you can absolutely copy and paste a whole bunch of tags that you already had come up with or written into this box as long as there are commas. And at any time, you can totally clear out this box by hitting the X, or you can copy what's inside it by hitting the copy the icon. But, knowing how to type a tag is the easy part. It's knowing what to type that most creators mess up. So, don't just guess here. Use the three B's of tagging. The first B stands for bull's-eye. As you start adding in terms here, make sure that you're not keyword stuffing. Every keyword that you add to this box needs to be ruthlessly specific to the exact topic of your video. If the tag doesn't directly describe the video that the viewer is going to watch, don't put it in this box. 80% of your tags should be in this category. Exact, specific, long-tail keyword phrases. As an example for this video, a bull's-eye tag would be something like how to add tags to your YouTube video. It's dead on. There's no guesses. It's what the viewer expects. The second B stands for bucket. And this is where we get to zoom out a little bit from the bull's-eye tags and have things that can fill up a little bit more space. Think of these tags as the broader umbrella terms that this video you're uploading and editing the tags on actually maps to. So, for example, if a bull's eye tag for this video is something like how to add tags to your YouTube video, a bucket tag would be something more like YouTube tags or YouTube SEO. This category of tags should take up 10% of the space in this box. Don't just guess what to put in here. Make sure you're actually using what people are typing to find your topic. And our favorite tool for this at Think Media is VidIQ. Their keyword research tool shows you the actual search volume and competition, so you can literally just copy and paste the best ones into your YouTube studio. But it goes beyond tags. I love their Outliers tool. It allows you to identify breakout videos in your niche, so you can study what's working and then go create your own version. And right now, you can get access to their entire suite of YouTube growth tools for a full 30 days for just $1. Just go to vidiq.com/think to jump in and start optimizing your videos. Again, that's vidiq.com/think, and we've got that link in the description below for you. So, the third B stands for badge, and these tags are simply the unique identifiers for your channel. Anything that people could use to type in to get to you personally, specifically, would go in this category. So, quite literally, this is your channel name, your handle, your personal name, or your brand name, which can be helpful because hey, as your channel grows and people start searching terms or trying to find you specifically, they're actually looking for the topic, they're looking for you or your channel or your brand, this can be very helpful. Pro tip, because these badge tags most likely never change, you can actually set these as defaults. Simply go into your YouTube studio settings, click upload defaults, and you can put tags in there that you'll never have to type again. So, between all three categories of tags, you're probably going to max out that 500 character limit inside the tags box. And it can be a little confusing because you could be sure there's actually less than 500 characters in that box. There's a reason why. Every letter and space inside the tag counts as one character. So, space is more limited here than a lot of people think, which just means you don't want to waste it. And in fact, this bonus tip I've got for you actually allows you to save space while letting tags do what they do best. The tags box is actually the place to be grammatically incorrect. YouTube explicitly states that this is the best place to put commonly misspelled words. This is a whole other way to do tags by intentionally choosing misspellings, bad grammar, abbreviations related to your video and to your topic. But in doing so, you could actually capture some traffic from fast, sloppy, dare I say lazy typers. This affects all niches. I think we'd be surprised by how common it is for people to be looking for our content by simply misspelling things, mashing up words, using broken language, or common shorthand. Now, even with the perfect mix of these tags, there's still one harsh reality that you need to know about YouTube right now. Tags alone are not going to be the reason your videos get more views. YouTube's made this very clear. Tags play a minimal role when compared to your title, thumbnail, or even your video description. So, it's important to make sure that you are spending time on the right things. And if you want help knowing what to focus on to grow your channel faster, you can take our free creator quiz and in 2 minutes get a custom game plan for your channel. Go to mycreatorquiz.com to get your results today. And if you want help learning what to put in your description since YouTube weighs that heavier than tags, you can click or tap the video right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: What takes you the longest when uploading a new video – titles, thumbnails, or tags? Let us know below ⬇
👉Don't forget to grab your free personalized channel growth plan. Results in 2 minutes! FREE Creator Quiz here 👉 http://mycreatorquiz.com
🚀 Get access to vidIQ's entire suite of YouTube growth tools for 30 days for just $1 here: ➡ http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @funkymannie [4 likes]: Small YouTubers let's grow 

March 25 2026
  3. @Rashpallondon [2 likes]: Too fast for me!
  4. @antonusaca [2 likes]: Timestamps
00:04 - Adding tags to YouTube videos for better discoverability.
00:42 - Adding tags on YouTube is as simple as using commas.
01:25 - Tags should be specific and relevant to the video content.
02:10 - Optimize tags for YouTube videos effectively
02:51 - Access vidiq growth tools for $1 for 30 days.
03:35 - Set badge tags as defaults for efficiency.
04:14 - Utilize misspelled words and bad grammar in tags.
05:02 - Tags play a minimal role in video views
  5. @FaithSolomon-o3w [2 likes]: Thank you so much!! I'm an elderly and need info/instructions very thorough. When you said type phrase and comma and the space...made my day.
  6. @Frankokelo [1 likes]: Hello everyone. I’m currently using the Nikon D7000 for filming my videos.

I’ve been trying to use external microphones , but I keep getting a hissing sound like “ssss” in the background, and sometimes the audio volume becomes too loud or distorted.

For those of you who still film with the Nikon D7000:
	•	What external microphone are you using?
	•	Which one gives clean audio without the hiss noise?
	•	Is there a budget microphone that works well with this camera?
  7. @writeandwitness [1 likes]: Good stuff Nathan! Appreciate the simple but thorough breakdown of YouTube tags
  8. @traceyswildroam [1 likes]: Thank you for this information, I did not know about the comma, very useful thanks!
  9. @jeanettemasontv1416 [1 likes]: Hey think Media TV 😊🖐️
  10. @GoryeoBuilds: Nice
  11. @Sinthila: I've just posted my first video, but I have a problem. I'd be glad if you could help! The "Tags" option is completely missing from my "Details" tab. Is that just because it's my first video, or did YT completely remove tags from the platform now?
  12. @rickel1725: I like it. It was helpful. Thank you
  13. @ferdold_realm: Hi I am very very small channel and what should I do for tags on long videos
  14. @ferdold_realm: Hi I am very very small channel and what should I do for tags on long videos
  15. @W4TCH_tv: A comma?? For what?
  16. @Lizthatchristiangirl: This video deserves to go out to millions of creators out there 😢.
I've been doing the tagging very wrongly 😢
  17. @VirgiloRendon: @ thank you somuch!
  18. @Ciciwik: 😮
  19. @LeandraDoucet: Cladven presale is gaining momentum – early supporters, let's seize this opportunity together!
  20. @TalyaLeith: If you’re the type to wait until everyone’s tweeting about it, you’ll probably buy Cladven at 10x the price. I’d rather be in before the noise.

- Is the Sony ZV-E10 II Still Worth it?: Kind: captions Language: en If you're looking for a camera to start making videos, the Sony ZV-E10 Mark II has quickly become one of the most popular options for creators. And a big reason why is that it delivers video quality similar to Sony's more expensive cameras like the a6700 and FX30, but in a smaller, more affordable body. But now that this camera's been out for over a year, the question is, is the ZV-E10 Mark II still worth buying today? >> [music] >> Hey, what's up? Nate here with Think Media. Now, I've actually been using the ZV-E10 Mark II since shortly after it came out. While there are a lot of things this camera does really well, there's also a few compromises you should know about. And that's why I want to break down the strengths, the tradeoffs, and whether or not this camera is right for you. >> [snorts] >> Starting off with the overall design and build of the camera, one of the things you'll first notice when picking up the ZV-E10 Mark II is just how small and lightweight it is. It's easy to carry around or fit into a small camera bag, which makes it a nice option for creators who want something portable. Now, the body itself is plastic, but it feels solid and well put together, and the deeper grip makes it noticeably more comfortable to hold compared to the original ZV-E10. For creators filming themselves, this camera has a flip-out screen so you can easily see yourself while recording. It also supports vertical video, and the interface automatically rotates when you turn the camera, making it easier to frame content for social media. Pair that with Sony's reliable autofocus, you can trust that the camera will keep you in focus when you are in front of it. Battery life is also a big upgrade. The ZV-E10 Mark II uses the same battery found in Sony's higher-end cameras. You can expect around 2 hours of 4K video, which is a big improvement over the original. But with so much packed into this small body, it can generate quite a bit of heat, and since there is no built-in cooling fan, you might be wondering if this camera could overheat. But we'll come back to that later in the video. When it comes to video quality, this is where the ZV-E10 Mark II really stands out. One of the reasons is that it uses the same 26-megapixel APS-C sensor found in Sony's a6700 and FX30, which by the way is a dedicated cinema camera. And that's pretty impressive because it means you're getting identical image quality to a camera that is much more expensive. The camera records 4K video that's oversampled from 5.6K. What that basically means is your camera captures more detail than it needs and downscales it down to 4K. The result is your footage looks very sharp and detailed. Want to take a look at the frame rates the ZV-E10 Mark II can record 4K up to 60 frames per second, which is great if you want a little bit of slow motion. But, thanks to a recent firmware update, Sony gives us the ability to record 4K at 120 frames per second. This gives you much more dramatic slow motion. However, it does come at a significant 1.6x crop, which is what you see on the FX30. The ZV-E10 Mark II produces really nice colors straight out of the camera, which is great if you want something that looks good without much editing. There are several different picture profiles and creative looks in this camera depending on what you want. I recommend playing around with a few of these. One of my favorites is actually this FL profile that kind of gives you this more film-like look. But, if you really want to push the look that you can get out of this camera, then I definitely recommend recording in S-Log 3. Pair that with shooting 10-bit video and you have a really solid image that you can really push and color grade in your editing software. You can even import your own LUTs on this camera, which is just awesome. So, whether you want great colors right away or the ability to color grade later, the ZV-E10 Mark II gives you that flexibility. Sony's autofocus system is known for being fast and reliable. In my experience, this camera does a great job keeping your face locked in focus, even if you move around in frame. Compared to the original ZV-10, the autofocus here feels more responsive and confident, especially in low-light conditions. Another handy feature for creators is the product showcase mode. Normally, the camera prioritizes your face, but here, when you hold something up to the front of the camera, it will shift focus to the product instead. This is really useful if you're doing reviews, tutorials, or just showing gear off to the camera. Now, higher-end cameras like the a6700 do have a dedicated AI chip that allows for more advanced subject tracking, but for most creators filming themselves, the autofocus on the E10 Mark II is more than reliable enough for everyday use. Now, I want to do some more tests with this camera, but first, I want to share something that's generally made my YouTube workflow a lot faster. Because no matter which camera you're using, the faster you can get through the edit, the more likely you are to finish your video. And one of my favorite tools for speeding up the editing process is today's sponsor, Gling. Instead of manually cutting out mistakes in my videos, Gling automatically removes silences, filler words, and bad takes, giving you a clean rough cut in just one click. One feature I really like is you can actually edit your video like a word document. You can highlight a sentence, press delete, and it makes that cut for you. Then, when you're done, you can export straight into your editor like DaVinci Resolve, where all those cuts are already in place, and then you can fine-tune it in the edit. I use Gling on every video that I make, and it easily saves me hours in the editing process. If you want to try for free, click the link in the description down below to see how much time Gling AI can save you. So, let's talk about the audio quality on the ZV-10 Mark II. Right now, you are listening to me on the internal microphone on this camera, and interesting thing about this is it's multi-directional. You can choose if from facing the front, behind the camera, or all directions. Right now, I have mine set to auto, so the camera's doing its best job to figure out what's the best audio. So, you can definitely get some usable audio with the internal microphone on this camera, but if you want to improve the audio quality, we can simply plug in an external mic thanks to its microphone input. So, now you are listening to me with the Rode VideoMic Go 2, and I absolutely love this microphone. It sounds so much better than the internal microphone. There are several great options under $100 if you just want to improve the audio quality of your ZV-E10 Mark II. I'll have a few linked in the description down below if you want to check those out. Low-light performance on the ZV-E10 Mark II is actually pretty solid, especially if you're upgrading from a phone, but because it uses an APS-C sensor, it won't perform quite as well as more expensive full-frame cameras, but it still handles dim lighting very well for its size and price. But, the biggest factor when shooting low light, honestly, is not the camera. It's actually the lens. The kit lens that you might pick up with this camera does not let in a lot of light. The lowest you can go on that lens is F3.5. So, if you plan on filming in darker environments, switching to a fast lens like the Sigma 16mm F1.4 can make a huge difference. Now, getting into a couple downsides of this camera, one of the most important things to know about this camera is it does not have in-body image stabilization. So, if you're walking and moving the camera around, things can get a little bit shaky and almost nauseous for the viewer. But, of course, there are a few workarounds to get some stable-looking shots like I'm doing right now. Number one is you can turn on active stabilization. So, this is going to be a digital stabilization to help smooth out some of those shakes. Downside of this is it crops into your footage quite a bit. So, in order to compensate with that, you need a wider lens, especially if you're vlogging. So, right now I have the Sony 11mm lens. This is plenty wide, and then I've turned on the active stabilization. So, once it crops in, you still get a nice-looking shot that's plenty wide for your vlogging needs. Now, if you do want to vlog with this camera, one thing I would recommend picking up is having a tripod or a grip with this camera. The one I'm using right now is made by Ulanzi, and it just kind of gives you a little bit of a firmer grip on the camera, holds it out a bit so you can get more of your environment within the shot, definitely helps kind of remove some of those shakes that you might experience with the lack of stabilization in the camera. And if you get tired of holding the camera, you can just swing out these legs, put it down on a surface, and then talk to the camera like that, which is so cool. Because this camera packs a lot of power into a small body without a cooling fan, heat is something you definitely want to be aware of. For those who are filming talking head videos or podcasts indoors, overheating usually isn't a problem. When shooting standard 4K at 24 or 30 frames per second, the camera often records for around 2 hours, usually stopping only when the battery runs out. Where you can run into issues is in hot environments or direct sunlight. Also, higher frame rates like 4K 60 or 120 push the camera harder and can inspect around 10 to 20 minutes, especially if you're filming outdoors. But, if you plan to record long videos with this camera, you might want to pick up this small clip-on cooling fan made by Ulanzi. These simply mount to the back of the camera and help keep it cool during those longer takes. Now, quickly want to compare the ZV-10 Mark II to a few other cameras in this space because, depending on your budget and what kind of content you make, there might actually be another camera that suits you better. First is the original ZV-10, which is still a great option if you're trying to save some money. It's often quite a bit cheaper, especially if you're buying used, and you still get great autofocus, access to Sony's E-mount lenses, and solid 4K video. But, compared to the Mark II, you do give up a few things. You lose 10-bit color, the larger battery, 4K 60, and that newer menu system with those additional color profiles. Another camera you might consider is the Sony a6700, which is more of a hybrid camera designed for both photo and video. With it, you get a viewfinder and in-body image stabilization. So, if you shoot a mix of photo and video, the a6700 probably makes more sense. Then there is the FX30, which is Sony's entry-level cinema camera. The FX30 gives you things like a built-in cooling fan, dual card slots, a full-size HDMI port, and more professional video controls. You can also add XLR audio inputs with Sony's top handle. So, if you're building more of a professional video setup, the FX30 is a better tool, although it is bigger, heavier, and significantly more expensive. Now, if you're on a tighter budget, the Canon R50V is another camera worth looking at. [music] In a lot of ways, it's actually surprisingly competitive to the ZV-10 Mark II. You still get great color, 10-bit video, and strong autofocus, but at nearly half the price. There are a few downsides, though. You get a smaller battery, a significant crop when shooting 4K60, and the RF lens ecosystem is still more limited and expensive compared to Sony's E-mount. With all that in mind, let's talk about who this camera is really for. This camera is still one of the best creator cameras in the size and price range. It's perfect for YouTubers who do talking head content, have studio setups, or beginners who just want to start making content. But this camera may not be ideal if you truly need a professional camera that is not going to ever overheat on you or cut mid-take, or you shoot lots of handheld footage like vlogs, and you need strong stabilization. At the time of recording this video, the ZV-10 Mark II costs around $1,200 for the body only. For that price, it can be a little harder to justify when there are cameras with more features for not much more. But it's still a great camera overall, and if you can find it used or pick it up during a sale, I think it's absolutely worth considering. But what do you think? Let me know in the comments down below. And if you're curious how the ZV-E10 Mark II stacks up against the Canon R50V, which nearly costs half as much, check out this video on screen where I break down the differences.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: What camera are you currently using to film your YouTube videos? Let us know below ⬇
✨ Check out Gling AI here and get one extra credit for video editing ➡ https://gling.ai/?via=think-media
🔥 Get the ZV-E10II and Recommended Accessories here (Amazon link) ➡ https://geni.us/Zrzqo8E
  2. @WelderB1Family [4 likes]: Definitely still worth buying!!
  3. @tatan_mukherjee [1 likes]: Just would like to ask one thing. In some videos it says zv e10 mark ii oversamples from 6k and in someplaces it says it oversample from 5.6k..which one is actually true?
  4. @AHAHAHAHAH-v9g: Thank you for this informative video!
  5. @TrulyKam704: This was my first camera. I did everything from cinematic videos to music videos. I love this Camera. I have a FX30 now but the ZV is my B camera now. I learned a lot with the ZV10ii
  6. @Treborray: I absolutely love mine! The quality is so good in my opinion
  7. @profilm-v: Sony zvE-10 mark2 useful for short film purpose
  8. @travis3041: As someone who just bought the OG ZVE 10; yes absolutely. These things are gonna be timeless as they will ALWAYS be capable of catching eye-pleasing video. Learning to use them is a whole different story lol I have a long way to go.
  9. @maxkostyukovsky7944: You missed the fuji xm5
  10. @DarkwearGT: Old camera > budget camera
  11. @DarkwearGT: It was never worth it
  12. @wilkentpang: What tripod or mount are you using that could just rotate from horizontal to verticle like that?
  13. @Kingofcali5150: I was torn I went with the A7c Im in love with image stabilization. Unlimited recording in 4k no overheating
  14. @ELTExperiences: I got this camera a few months back and am really pleased with it. I use it for livestreaming, recording and photography (from time to time). 
However, when I bought it, the white model was the only available when I wanted to get the black model. Ascetics aside, it is a great camera and is a great step up for those that are getting more involved with videography. For me, I updated my camera from the Sony ZV-1.
  15. @panasonic4k60pvideo2: 私はZV‐E10 Ⅱ を使用しておりますが、5.6Kオーバーサンプリングが正解です。
6Kオーバーサンプリングは同じBIONZ XRエンジンを搭載している.FX30です😊
  16. @SaintifikanTV: Da best
  17. @muzzy2007: The R50 has deep issues connecting to silicon macs if you want to stream.
  18. @real-hcd: Did you (or anybody else reading this comment) try to film a recent RGB laser projector (like  the Valerion Pro/Max) with this ZV-E10 camera ? Does it look good ? 
I've tried my older Sony A65 DSLR, various iPhones (16 Pro, 17) and even a recent action cam (DJI Osmo Action 6), and all of them were completely unusable. There was an enormous red shift in the colors ... 

I know from other youtubers that use the Sony A7 mk IV is OK for filming RGB laser projector, but this is outside my budget ...
  19. @uchescorner1737: Do you have a video you talk about lenses for the mark 2?
  20. @codebasics: Great video, thanks. It helped me in making my purchase for my YouTube setup.

- This $250 YouTube Setup Looks Shockingly Good: Kind: captions Language: en If you want a dedicated YouTube filming setup, but you're on a budget, you're in luck because this kit that you see right here only costs $250 and includes a dedicated camera, tripod, two-point lighting system, and even a wireless audio solution. And when you put it all together, the results are honestly pretty impressive. Now, starting with the camera, we went with the Hollyland Lyra for this build. It's one of the most affordable cameras that you can purchase, and it technically is a webcam, but you can use it for all sorts of talking head kind of shots like this. Now, it's not one that you can like take out into the world and start vlogging with. It does need to be connected to your computer, but so long as you do talking head style videos at your workstation, this camera will work perfect. It does come with a mount that can clip on directly to your computer monitor, but you can also mount this to a tripod if you want to use it like a more traditional camera. This camera has a USB-C output, so you just plug a USB-C cable directly into your computer and now pull up your recording software of choice. I like OBS or QuickTime, or you can even use their Holly Studio app to record, which we'll talk about in just a minute. But just choose whatever software you prefer to do your recording. One of my favorite things about the Lyra is just the image quality straight out of the box. Looks really good. It looks so much better than whatever built-in webcam you already have, and I think it rivals a lot of smartphone cameras as well. I've even done some side-by-side testing with super expensive mirrorless cameras against the Lyra. Side-by-side, the Lyra holds up really well against some of these more expensive cameras. The Lyra can record in 4K resolution up to 30 frames per second, so that'll be great for flexibility and really sharp 4K images. The lens is also an f/1.8 aperture, so that means you're going to be able to get a little bit of background separation when you're recording with the Lyra, but also it's going to be better in lower light situations. If you don't have a lot of nice lighting in your studio, the Lyra's going to perform pretty well in lower light conditions. Now, this is the software that comes with the Lyra that you can use to adjust all of your camera settings. Things like your ISO and your white balance and contrast, even your shutter speed you can adjust right here. So, that's great. There's no physical controls on the Lyra to control settings, but you can do all of this with the Hollyland Studio app. And actually recently with a firmware update, they've adjusted a lot of additional settings that you can add, including things like filters where you could adjust some of your specific colors. Like if you wanted to adjust the blues or even the skin tones right here. I can change the color temperature of my skin tones. Give me a nice saturated tan. Look at this. It looks like I've been laying in the sun for weeks at a time with this nice tan. And then you can also like increase the exposure or darken the skin tones if it was maybe too bright on your scene. This is also where you can adjust your focal length if you wanted a tighter shot or a wider shot. Also, you can enable smart framing right here. So, I can adjust that and turn it on so that now wherever I move, the camera's going to use software to track me around if I move forward and back, left to right, it's going to try to re-compose the shot to keep me in the center of the frame, which is nice if you want to move around for kind of instructional purposes. They've also added some beauty features here that you can enable if you want to brighten up your skin tones a little bit or maybe do some smoothing of your skin. This is 100% intensity. Does my skin just look so smooth now? Has it kind of taken the edge off the gruff, the grit of the beard? Okay. So, you can use these beauty effects if you want as well as green screen they've now added to the software. If you want to like key out a green screen. Now, I I have a green jacket on so it's it's sensing that right now and it looks kind of wild, but you could actually set up a green screen or a blue screen and enable real-time keying of a green or blue screen while you're recording podcasts or interviews or live streams. Overall, the Lyra is one of my favorite beginner or even professional options for creators who want to record content at a dedicated workstation in their home office or YouTube studio. I think this is a fantastic entry point for only 150 bucks. Now, let's talk about audio really quickly because this is one of my favorite features of the Lyra. The Lyra actually has a built-in audio receiver that works with the Hollyland Lark A1 wireless microphone. And that's the audio that I'm using for this video. I've actually rigged it up inside of this little wireless mic candle. And this mic candle is only like a $15 accessory you can add to this kit. And it still is within the $250 price for this video. So, if you want like wireless handheld audio like this, you can even grab a windscreen. And this kit that I've included comes with some different windscreens. And we have like a custom Think Media one that I like to use here. But when you put a wireless mic closer to your mouth, that's typically when you're going to get the best sounding audio. And I think the audio sounds great for this video today. Now, of course, you can attach this directly to your shirt if you'd prefer to have that kind of style where the mic is clipped onto your shirt. If you want to add a solo Lark A1 transmitter to your kit, it only adds $10 to the overall cost to the Lyra setup. So, I think it's kind of a no-brainer. Might as well just pay that extra $10 to get a wireless audio solution. Now, the next thing we'll talk about is lighting. Lighting is one of the most important pieces to getting better video results because anytime you're using a camera, whether it's the Lyra or a smartphone or a professional mirrorless camera, the more light that you have in your scene to work with, the better your image results are always going to be. And what's great is you don't have to break the bank to still get some pretty good quality lights. So, today we're using this two-pack of LED lights from Nice Video. These are a bi-color light. They actually have like three or four different lighting options, a little bit warmer to a little bit cooler. And I put it like right in the middle, more of like daylight color temperature for today's video. And they also have different intensity levels that you can adjust up or down depending on how bright you want your scene to be. Now, the way I've positioned these lights today is one of the lights is about an arm's length away from me acting as my key light. I positioned it just at about a 45° angle away from my face. And it's about 50% power. If I turn up the brightness too much, it gets a little bit bright and spotty, which is not the most pleasing look. So, if you can keep the power down just a little bit and get that light as close to you as you can, that'll make the light a little bit softer. And the second light I placed just out of frame right here, and it's sort of acting as like a fill light on this side of my face, and sort of like a back light kicker, creating like an edge light right around my chin, and I think it just adds a nice touch. This lighting kit also comes with these two different light stands so you can mount the lights. So, that's great. You don't have to increase your cost for this setup and purchase additional light stands. They actually come with the kit. And the last accessory I added to this build is this smartphone tripod from SmallRig, and you can use it for both smartphones. If you decided not to use a Lyra, you could use a smartphone for this build, but you can also mount traditional cameras and webcams with this tripod because it comes with a tiltable 1/4 in mount. So, that'll work perfect with the Holy Land Lyra. So, that's this entire YouTube studio kit that only cost $250. It can be used for live streaming, podcasting, video calls, or talking head style YouTube videos just like this one. Now, if you want to check out some other super budget accessories that I use in all of my YouTube videos, you can click or tap the screen right here to watch that video, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: Did you expect a webcam to look that good? Let us know your thoughts on this YouTube setup ⬇
🔥 Check out the Hollyland Lyra here (Amazon) ➡ https://geni.us/YFMPn
  2. @Tiya_Collins [3 likes]: Nice video! For a budget setup this works, but if you want something that genuinely looks like a mirrorless camera, the Lyra still gives off webcam vibes. The YoloCam S3 was clearly built with that in mind — way closer to the real thing.
  3. @dizzydisciple [3 likes]: The Lyra looks great BUT I've read multiple times that it gets really hot. The company apparently says the operating temp is 50-60 degrees celsius. Definitely something to keep in mind for future use as electronics can break down.
  4. @kevinlkeys [1 likes]: I just added the Lyra to my shopping list 🛒
  5. @DanielPlunges [1 likes]: Great video, Thank you
  6. @splice.girls.productions [1 likes]: You guys always seem to focus on talking head/vlogging video set ups.  What about the faceless channel that wants to focus on the worktable or up close handwork of a traditional craft?  Lighting and rigging options would be helpful for this; and if there are optimal cameras/video gear for worktable shots, that would be good, too.
  7. @johnjacksondesign [1 likes]: I just purchased the webcam and lights. I think it will be the perfect set up for my YouTube journey. Thanks for this amazing content! I had no idea this camera existed until I stumbled upon this video. 

Only question I have is how did you put the think media logo on the mic cover?
  8. @NathanRichzots [1 likes]: Image quality wise, I can say YoloCam S3 is the best.
  9. @brainLightGmbH: I can't find any information on this topic: Can you adjust settings in the Hollyland Software, unplug the webcam and it remembers the settings (i.e. gets plugged in a different device that does not have the Hollyland software)? I want to build a foolproof streaming setup for a Bring-your-own-device-situation. The hollyland Lyra seems perfect with the integrated audio solution.
  10. @sundar9364: This or Obsbot Tiny 3? Which is the best?
  11. @japjaw1: Are you recording this video using the HollyStudio software? Or are you recording with something like OBS?  Aren't the AI and autoframing features only available from within the HollyStudio software?
  12. @GovernmentProcurement: Do you remind this camera and audio equipment for MS Teams / Zoom meetings?
  13. @slgadgetman: love it!😍
  14. @gregorkalchthaler1726: i tested this and the holly studio app is not that solid. pe it does not deliver the virtual camera signal to all browsers meaning a google meet could end up with a black screen etc.
  15. @CLSMoonknight739: It you get the wireless mic you dont need a mic on your desk for video recording nice
  16. @NatesFilmTutorials: Such a good kit for getting started!
  17. @teban-lopez: Is it true it gets super hot even when you're not recording?
  18. @fiendyt3677: Should i buy a good phone or this camera is better than phones? I do content and I have a really cheap phone that's holding me back
  19. @mycoGeeky: Did you run this audio through a de-esser?  The sibilance is pretty harsh.
  20. @robertzreviewz: I want to know how to deal with glasses and lighting

- How to Add an End Screen On YouTube Videos in 2026 (Get More Views): Kind: captions Language: en Let's walk through exactly how to add an end screen on your YouTube videos, plus the strategy that you need to know to actually get people to click on what you put there so that YouTube pushes your content to more people. I'm Nathan, one of the YouTube coaches here at Think Media, and I'm in YouTube Studio right now with a video that has finished uploading. First things first, where do we even add end screen stuff? We're going to go to the video elements category. It'll be the fourth option down, right here. Add an end screen. Couple things to note, if for some reason this option is grayed out, you can't select the button that says add, could be a couple reasons why. The biggest culprit is going to be you just need to wait for your video to finish uploading. If your video is less than 25 seconds, you won't be able to add an end screen, and depending on some of the details of your video, for example, if you set this video as made for kids, that takes away the ability to add an end screen. But assuming you can click on the add button, go ahead and do that, and you'll drop right inside the end screen editor. We've covered where to add end screens. Now we're going to cover the important step of what to even add. And if we get this wrong, this is where a lot of creators accidentally tank their click through rate. There are two ways that you can start putting things on the screen here. The first is going to be by selecting things individually. You can do that by clicking on the element button here, and you can start adding things one by one. You could drop a video, you could drop a playlist, you can add a subscribe button to your channel, you can feature another channel, maybe you partnered with them, you referenced them in your video, you can drop them right there, and you can also add a link. Now, this is an external link, which means that people who click it will leave YouTube and go to wherever you're pointing them to. It's also important to note that this is only available if you are inside the YouTube Partner Program at the full monetization level. Just meaning you got your 1,000 subscribers, your 4,000 hours of public watch time last 12 months. The other way to get elements on screen is way faster. Just click on one of the templates that YouTube made. Boom, everything appears here. You can still edit everything over here on the left-hand side as you select them. Two important areas you need to be aware of right now before we continue so you know how to move things around. Over here on the right-hand side where you see your video, this is the preview window. So, this is where you can actually move things around. You'll notice the border that's inside the video to make sure that you're not going to go above it or outside of it. This is where you can move your elements around. On the bottom, the timeline side of things, this is where you can adjust the duration. This is how long something stays up on screen or when it enters. When it comes to end screens, a maximum duration of 20 seconds is what YouTube gives you. So, 20 seconds for things to be on screen or that they could be. And the minimum is going to be 5 seconds. So, this is important to think through when you're recording your video and hopefully you're thinking through things when your video and you're like, "Yeah, I'm going to have an end screen." to be able to plot out how much time you want to leave depending on what you want to put here. To undo any action or kind of get out of this, if you want to do a all clear, you can simply discard changes and then come back inside to a blank slate. Or if you started moving things around move by move and you just want to go back a couple steps, you can click on the undo buttons here or redo to go back where you were. Quick pro tip, as you're moving things around in here, pay attention. If you ever see these red lines pop up over any of these elements, you got to move stuff around. That means you're overlapping and this is important because some elements can expand like a video and some elements have a hover card. That means as the viewer's mouse hovers over, there's more going on. So, a great example is the subscribe button here or a link. There's going to be this hover card outline. As you're designing things, go ahead and check that on so you can see the space that this thing requires. So, as you're organizing, just be aware of that. So, let's walk through this together. I'm going to go ahead and map some things out. I'm going to get to the point in my video where I know I'm wrapping things up, which for this particular video, even though it's a test, we'll just say is it about right here. I can click the play button to hear where things are. honors you and squad I hope this inspires you. Boom, we're right at the end here, okay? So, the first step is to find the point in your video where you want things to start showing up and then you want to make sure you drag those items to that starting place. So, I'm going to come over here to the timeline. I've got these arrows that pop up. Once I see those sideways arrows pop up, I can click, drag, and bring over to about the spot where it was. Same thing with each of these. So, now I know we're about here. To preview how things will show up, I'm just going to move the play head a little bit before all the elements and I'm going to click play. Hope this inspires you. Boom. Okay, so I actually like it a pretty good spot. Now, if I want to change the way things are laid out, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to come into the screen. We got the video here. I'll probably keep that there because it looks like I kind of like move off to the right side. So, I'm going to leave stuff over here. We'll keep our subscribe button over here on the right. Move our link down here as well. I'm going to make the video how big can I make the video? I'm going to kind of scrub over. Because I know I'm walking off, I'm going to go ahead and make that pretty big, but not too big to start crowding out space on the link. So, I'm going to show the hover card outline over here on the left so I can see I'm Okay, I'm like it's probably getting a little bit. Boom. Little bit of space. K, outline. It's going to appear over here. Not too bad because they'll hover over you know, hover over one uh of the others. That's why I'm not getting a red line over here. Okay, so let's see what that looks like. This inspires you. Boom. Now that we've got everything placed out, it's time to fill in those details. How do you do it? You click on the element and on the left-hand side for any of these things, if you can customize something, you'll see the options to do that. So, when it comes to a video, you have three choices. You can choose your most recent upload where YouTube automatically features just the latest video on your channel. You can also choose best for viewer and this is the default setting where YouTube will choose the video to put here based on who's watching it, which is kind of cool. And then the third one is choose specific video where you actually get to go in if I click this option and I could search for videos on my channel or I could actually choose something to put in here. This is actually my favorite thing to choose. Nine out of 10 times I'm not going to let YouTube choose for me. I'm going to choose the video because at least the way we teach YouTube here at Think Media is about being intentional. To just keep it real, most people are not going to get to this point. And if someone did get to this point at the very end of your video, last 20 seconds or so, they watched the whole thing or they watched most of it to get to this point. The head space that they're in is dialed in, right? If they watched most of your video, it was helpful, it was entertaining, you have the ability to direct their attention, at least present something for them to go click on next, thus increasing session time. And taking control over where to point people next, we've seen have a far higher conversion rate than just trying to put anything and everything that you can or goodness having multiple video options. If you think about it, we can only click on one thing at a time. So, even if you're maxing out your end screen and you're putting four different kinds of elements on there, thinking, "Oh, if I give a whole bunch of options, maybe it's something for everybody. At least they'll click on one of the things." Limiting choices on the screen will get you more views. But if you want to use YouTube to grow your business, there is one specific element that you absolutely must have on every end screen. If you're fully monetized in the YouTube Partner Program, you can add links right on your end screen. This is a game changer. To add those details for the link, so it's actually clickable on this page, click on the link element. On the left-hand side, you will paste your URL, your dot com, your whatever link right here in this first section. Now, this apply button is grayed out. In order for the link to work, which means YouTube process that it's going to like a correct website, you want this apply button to highlight, so you can click on it. So, if I put here my creator quiz.com, after your link is all set up, you can then add a custom message, and this is where you can put text that'll show up when people hover over this element on your end screen. So, I'll put something like free quiz, just you know, letting people know exactly what it is. And this is not worth overthinking, but it's also not worth underthinking, because you don't have a lot of space here. So, how can you make it very clear about what this thing is? After this, you can choose the style of call to action, which will be the button that'll pop up on the card as people hover over this link on your end screen, and you can choose just the word, the the verb, really, that's most appropriate for what this thing is. So, learn more is always a safe one, and you can even add an image. So, no, it won't just show up like this blue box over here. If you click right here, it'll pull images from the site. So, I'm just going to go ahead and pick one of these, but if you didn't have any images that are able to be pulled from your site, you can also add an image yourself, right down here. You can select a file, but that's good for right now. So, now if I back up a little bit, let's take a look at what this looks like. Boom! And if I hover over, I can see all that text that I just put in. And by the way, I actually really encourage you to go to my creator quiz.com, so you can take the free quiz, and in 2 minutes get a YouTube growth plan for your channel based on where you're actually at right now. Cuz here's what we realized, there's five stages of YouTube, and you're in one right now, and a lot of us could be moving so much quicker if you actually were taking in the strategies, and doing the tactics, and understanding the advice that's appropriate for your level and your stage, so you can go from where you're at to that next step. Check it out, mycreatorquiz.com to get your results. So, adding links to the end screens of your YouTube videos is a pretty strategic move, but what if there was a way that you could turn your old videos into a view generating machine? If you've been posting videos on YouTube consistently, and let's say you got 10 to 20 videos at least that are already out, and you can tell, all right, some of my some of these videos did better than other ones. What are your higher performing videos? You need to go to your analytics, and then check out your real-time views. Inside your real-time views, you can check and see, okay, of the videos that I've posted, which ones are getting views around the clock? This is huge because you can get into this section and just pick a few of these videos, your high-performing videos, click on the analytics for that particular video, head over to details, scroll over on the right side and down a little bit to the end screen section, and yep, you can do this on any video that you've posted before. Now, what's happened? Well, the videos that are doing well and bringing views around the clock, and hear me, even if that's just like five or 10 views or something like every 48 hours, that's fine, that's great. You might as well use that as an opportunity to adjust the end screens in those videos that are doing well to make people aware of a video that isn't doing as well as you want it to, or that you think should be getting a little bit more awareness and a little bit more love. Video by video, updating end screens, getting strategic about which videos are pointing where can absolutely feed your overall view count. But, the absolute best way to get the highest click-through rate from these screens actually isn't to rely on YouTube's gray boxes. If you really want to control where your viewers' eyes go and what they click on, you can take this to the next level by designing a custom outro card. If you want to learn how to create your own end screen like this, go ahead and click on that video. It's free, it's simple, and I'll meet you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: Do you usually pick the end screen video yourself, or let YouTube choose? Don't forget to grab your free personalized channel growth plan. Results in 2 minutes! FREE Creator Quiz here 👉 http://mycreatorquiz.com
  2. @MiraNemer-o1o [1 likes]: Tyyy
  3. @markeishabrown4764 [1 likes]: More videos like this please, very helpful!!
  4. @betterbirders [1 likes]: You can put an external link in your endscreen with the first part of YPP, I have 1000+ subs and not quite the 4000 watch hours (I need 140 more!!) but I can put a link to my free ebook in the endscreen. When I had 500 subs, I did not have 3000 watch hours, so i don't know if you need to have 1000 subs first.
  5. @RichardPSarno [1 likes]: Small youtuber lets mark attendance. No faking❤❤❤
  6. @RichardPSarno [1 likes]: New youtuber gather here❤❤❤
  7. @VietQuachHa [1 likes]: Today’s market uncertainty is exactly why the world needs the stability of the Cladven settlement layer.
  8. @lynaisfly [1 likes]: Tfs. Very helpful
  9. @UncleRenYT [1 likes]: i always forget this, thanks 😅
  10. @SJM_Ridez [1 likes]: So helpful because I’m trying to grow my channel right now!
  11. @Larafortess_life: 1 where i find the test video thing 0:23
  12. @lia_4ever: Yes because I need it cuz I barley have 2 sub
  13. @TuulaMaaria: I never let YouTube choose the videos because it tends to suggest shorts, which means less income!
  14. @Crescitaly_com: Trends come and go, but strategy is forever. At Crescitaly, we help you build what lasts. 💡
  15. @mrtrek2117: Over 3 million subs and only 4K views. Something not quite right.
  16. @crescitaly: Trends come and go, but strategy is forever. At Crescitaly, we help you build what lasts. 💡
  17. @everydayintroverttarot: FYI my channel is in the first partner program tier I( don't have 4k watch hours yet) AND I can use the link feature in end screens.
  18. @ToriksLV: Is this for beginners or advanced youtubers?
  19. @TheOutsiderJess: I thought I had to make my own end screen to do end screens when i first started.
  20. @RichardPSarno: Lets grow😊😊😊

- Affordable Gear that Instantly Improves Your Videos (Under $100): Kind: captions Language: en Thanks to SmallRig for sponsoring this video. If I started making videos this year, I would not rush out and grab thousands of dollars worth of video equipment because, honestly, some of the best stuff that makes the biggest difference cost under $100. So, today I'm breaking down some of my favorite budget upgrades that improve your content quality starting with this little webcam right here that only costs $18. This is the eMeet C950. It's a 1080p webcam that is probably better than whatever built-in webcam your computer already has, and it's only $18 to get started. Yeah, this camera is not 4K resolution, but most laptops and computers come shipped with like a 720p or a 1080p camera already. That's not very good. So, if you want to just instantly improve your video quality for a really affordable price, if you do coaching calls or Zoom calls, or maybe you're a creator and you're a live streamer, or you just create content at a workstation like this, you can get this level of image quality without breaking the bank. And if you're able to spend just a little bit more on a webcam, you can check out this one right here from OBSBOT. This is their OBSBOT Meet SE. This is also a 1080p webcam, and for most people 1080p is going to be plenty of resolution, and I think the image quality is a substantial increase in performance here over the first one we showed you. And price point for this is about $60 to $70 for this image quality. So, it's an instant improvement over your built-in webcam, and the software that comes with the Meet SE is really robust. So, you can adjust a ton of different settings from all of your manual camera settings to color and autofocus, and it really feels more like a professional webcam without that professional price tag. And also, this thing is just so tiny and cute. It's only like an inch wide by inch tall, so it's really portable and easy to carry with you on the go. I think either one of these cameras are a great option for beginners who are wanting to increase their video quality without overspending. Now, what if you want a dedicated camera that you can use and travel with maybe to take photos or even learn video production. Well, this series of cameras right here is called the NEX series from Sony and this was Sony's first wave of mirrorless cameras that was released over 10 years ago. Now, I'm particularly shooting on the Sony NEX-3N and I got this camera off eBay for $69. It's crazy that you can get this image quality for so cheap. Now, they actually vary now wildly in price all the way up to like two or three hundred dollars for different NEX models. Now, the best place by far to look for these now is going to be on Facebook Marketplace. So, if you're in the United States, just scout locally who might be in your city selling an NEX camera. The beauty about the NEX series, too, are they are a mirrorless camera and they work with any Sony E-mount lens that has ever existed. So, you can pair this with way nicer lenses to get even better results and they're an outstanding photography camera if you want to start taking pictures or even use this as like a dedicated thumbnail camera for creating YouTube thumbnails. So many different ways you can use a camera like this to get great results. Now, if I glance over here, this is the Sony FX3 with the 24-105. So, this is like a $5,000 setup versus like a one to $200 setup from their NEX line. Pretty wild when you look at the differences in image quality. Yeah, the FX3 looks a lot better, but it's pretty solid over here for only $100. Effectively, all of these NEX cameras use the same 1080p sensors. So, you're going to get very similar video and photo performance out of all of these. There's subtle feature differences between models, but overall, if you can find an affordable NEX series camera, this could be a great starting point to start learning photo and video. Now, another piece of gear that's going to make your life a lot easier is just making sure you have a good SD card. A really common pain point I see beginners have is they're super confused about why file transfer times take so long or sometimes clips malfunction and they like don't record and you don't know what happened. I often see that beginners do not purchase good enough SD cards to keep up with these cameras that shoot in 4K resolution and higher frame rates. So, this is a pack that's still really affordable. It's the Lexar 128 GB SD cards, but they're rated for V60. This is really important. You want a V60 or a V90 card so that you can record at higher frame rates and resolutions, and they're just more reliable for data transfers. So, if you're not using a quality SD card, pick up one just like this, and it'll save you a ton of headache. Now, another easy way to improve your videos is with lighting. And obviously, right now I've turned off all of my studio lights. I just have my house lights on behind me, which aren't hitting me at all, and this lighting looks awful. But, if we add something as simple as this little light right here, this is the SmallRig RM40C. This is a tiny little 40-W RGB light that you can use to add a splash of color to your scene, or you can actually use it as a key light. So, I'll turn it up to only 10% output right here. This is 10% output. And if I put it on myself, this is way too bright. But, my favorite way to use these smaller pointy light sources are to bounce them. So, this is the light bounced off of my ceiling and my walls, and it's producing this really nice soft lighting look because it's turning my walls into a larger light source than this light would actually be. And it's at 10 This is 10% output is this bright. It also comes with a couple accessories like this grid right here that just snaps right on via magnets, and now the light is more focused and positioned, and it doesn't spill as much on my scene. I can light just myself, which is nice to have that. And then it also comes with a nice little diffuser which I can add, which is really going to soften up that light and make it not as potent of a light source. And when you add this, you'll have to crank up the intensity just a little bit. I'd say around 70% is a good range. And now I can use that to light myself, and it's going to be a lot softer, or you can bounce that to get even softer light. And then of course, you can always switch it to the RGB mode to add a splash of color to your background. You know me, I always like like a blue or pink or purple in the background to add a little vibrancy to the shot, and you can see this tiny little light covers the entirety of my studio. So, for light that's very tiny and portable and does full RGB, this is a great starter option. You do want to be aware there is some fan noise, though, if you turn it up to its highest volume. It did gets a little bit loud. You can hear it right here. So, make sure you keep it far enough away from yourself so you don't hear that fan. Now, for this next light, I just adjusted a couple things in my studio, and you can see this little texture over here that looks like the sun is coming through some blinds in my studio and hitting the backdrop. But, that is not the case here. It's actually being produced by this really tiny little flashlight style light from SmallRig. This is their RF 10C. You can see this tiny little dot in the corner. This is where I've mounted the light on my shelves over there, and it's bouncing straight over. And I'll kind of tilt the camera so you can see a little bit more what it's doing. It's creating like this window blind effect in the corner of my studio space, which is really cool. Now, this light literally looks like a flashlight, and it does have a white color that you can start with, but there's also a few colors you can cycle through if you want to add a little color to your scene. And the light comes with these sort of like textured inserts that all have a different shape and texture, and you can adjust the texture based on any one of like the 20 or 30 texture packs that they have for the light to get a creative look. Now, another affordable lighting tool we don't talk about too often on the channel is what's called a lantern. We a lot of times talk about softboxes, which are meant to light one person in a really pleasing way, but lanterns are meant to light larger spaces for multiple people, and they're really helpful for lighting really big spaces. If your interior house lighting is just not appealing, you can pop up a lantern, and now you have this wonderful orb you can add to any sort of Bowens mount light. So, any light that has a Bowens mount adapter, the lantern can just snap right onto. And now your light source is going to be massive and large and can light up a whole room. So, for this shot right now, I'm using all three of those lights. We have the RM40C as the key light, so that's bouncing on my ceiling, lighting myself. Then I have the RF 10C, which is that little flashlight, lighting this background, adding a little sun texture coming through some fake blinds. And to make that make sense, I had to add this light over here using the lantern, which will add a really nice room fill, but also motivate my little effects light over there to make it seem like light is actually coming through the window on this side of the room. And this is sort of the important thing to remember about lighting. Lighting is not just like setting up one or two lights pointing at yourself and thinking your image is going to look way better. Typically, we like to layer lights that complement each other and do different things to enhance our overall image quality without needing to spend more money on a better camera or lens. Lighting can do a lot of the heavy lifting for you, even if you're using affordable lighting accessories like these ones from SmallRig. And if you ever feel like your colors are off or like your skin tones are like too yellow or too blue, it could be that your white balance is off, and you can grab a tool like this. So, this is from Andycine, and this is called a gray card, and we use to make sure our colors are proper when recording video. Now, some cameras allow you to snap a photo of this or dial in a perfect setting so you balance off of the white card itself, or you can just like hit record on your camera, and then make sure that you put this in your frame wherever your key light source is hitting. So, typically like right in front of your face or right next to your face is a good spot. And then in your editing software, you can use an eyedropper tool to select the gray card as the white balance. And this is 18% middle gray. It's a very specific color, and then on the other side is pure white, but sometimes this is too bright. So, honestly, the better way to do it is to use the gray card side, but sometimes you could use the white side as well. These are only like 11 or 12 dollars, and it's a really budget way to make sure your colors are correct. Now, shifting gears to a couple affordable audio solutions. First, for anybody who does live streaming or coaching calls or podcasting at a desk workstation, you should look at grabbing yourself an audio interface. These really help you just improve your audio quality and workflows by being able to use different types of microphones and headphones with different audio setups. This one is the Vocaster 2 and it's by far the best budget audio interface I found. It typically hovers right around $100 to get started and you can plug in two XLR style microphones as well as have two headphone outputs if you want to listen to your podcast while you're recording with a guest. There's all sorts of other ports and functionality on here, but what's nice is you can run all of your equipment into this audio interface and then it has a USB-C output as well as a camera output via 3.5. So, you can run this right into your computer or your camera to start recording high-quality podcast audio and have manual physical control over all of your microphones. When you start getting really serious about podcasting or live streaming, a tool like this is an absolute game-changer. Now, the audio that you've been hearing throughout this video is actually this new microphone from SmallRig. It's their S70 lavalier microphone system and it comes in this tiny little carrying case. And it comes with two microphones as well as a dedicated camera receiver and a smartphone receiver. So, this works with cameras or smartphones and this kit only costs $90. What I like about these microphones are that since it's a little lavalier style system that clips right onto your collar, all of the logos and LED lights are hidden on the inside of your shirt and then the microphone just rests right on the outside and it's really understated and simple. And they also have a bunch of silicone covers that are different colors so you can match whatever outfit you're wearing you or your guest is wearing for interview work. I know I've talked about hundreds of microphones before, but it's just nice to know what is available and what is new to the market and this S70 is a really solid option for only about $90 for this full kit. Now, if you're looking for a basic tripod to start recording videos, I'd definitely look at this right here. This is the SmallRig just smartphone tripod and it's a really budget-friendly tripod. It's only like $26 for a nice starter tripod and this works with smartphones in both vertical and horizontal orientation, but it also comes with a nice little quarter-inch tiltable mount that you could use in theory with, I guess, even smaller point-and-shoot style cameras or mirrorless cameras, so long as they're not too heavy and you're not rigging them out fully. This could be used for both cameras and smartphones, but it really is designed for you smartphone creators who are just starting to make content on your phone. Now, another unique tripod I actually use all the time is this tiny little tripod right here. This is the SmallRig VT20, and this thing works its way into my production workflow multiple times per month for shooting content on my desktop workstation. Sometimes I don't like to have to set up a full-on tripod on the floor that takes up a bunch of space. And if I'm doing product b-roll on my desk, sometimes it's way easier to set up this little tripod on top of the desk and save myself a bunch of floor space. The legs are also adjustable, so they just twist just like this and then they extend about a foot or so. So, this is perfect for desks that aren't sit-stand desks and you can't adjust the height. You can get a little bit of variance out of this tripod because these legs do extend. It's actually surprisingly heavy-duty as well, despite the tiny little size. I actually rigged up a full-on mirrorless camera with the Elgato Prompter mounted to the front of the lens, and this thing held up perfectly fine. So, if you wanted to use this as like a tabletop talking head station, you can do that as well. Price for this is only about $50, and I didn't know how much I would use it when I first got it, but I have used this thing a ton, so definitely something worth checking out. And if you're a creator who wants to get really smooth or cinematic-looking shots, you could consider purchasing a gimbal like this. This one in particular is the DJI Mobile 7P, and this is our favorite gimbal for smartphone creators. It's packed with a bunch of features, including it has a little collapsible tripod right here at the bottom, so you can mount this on a tabletop desk if you need to. It also has an AI tracker that mounts to the bottom of the gimbal, so you can track yourself for different types of shots. If you're somebody who likes to move around and have your gimbal actually follow you without having to operate it, you can do that with this gimbal. And gimbals are kind of a specialty tool. Not everybody is going to need a gimbal, but if you're somebody who really does not like the handheld shaky look that you get if you're trying to vlog or take video clips, a gimbal is one of the best ways to smooth out those sort of jittery shots and make your videos look more cinematic. Now, some other accessories I cannot live without is first and foremost these. These are called a dummy battery and what this does is supply your camera with power via an adapter that plugs into the wall. So, instead of relying on batteries that you always have to swap out and die after a couple hours, you can run your camera off of con- tinuous wall power using one of these dummy batteries and these are super affordable. This one from SmallRig is about $36 and not only will it save you from having to swap batteries all the time, it also helps with cameras that are prone to overheating by moving a lot of the heat that's generated by these batteries from the internals of the camera and moving those to the external power source. That's is really helpful if your camera overheats a lot, getting a dummy battery can really help out. I permanently use a dummy battery with my FX30 over here for all of my streaming needs and it's so nice to never have to worry about battery life. Now, another battery I use all the time are these NPF style batteries. This one is the SmallRig 970 NPF style battery and what these are used for are multiple use cases. There is actually a USB output so you can power USB devices like you can charge a smartphone with this or other USB-C accessories, but also the connectors on the base of this are NPF style. So, NPF is used often for powering monitors if you have different types of video production monitors or even video production lights can often be powered by NPF style batteries. So, a battery like this is only about $60 and it can power a variety of video production devices and it can charge your phone, which is a huge bonus. The last power accessory I'll talk about are these little battery chargers from SmallRig. These are their NPF W50 dual battery chargers and it actually comes with the batteries as well for only $50. But, what's cool about SmallRig is they make these accessories for like any camera style or brand so you can get different chargers, adapters, and batteries for whatever camera you currently use. These ones I like though because our best-selling camera here at Think Media has been the original Sony ZV-E10 forever, and it's still one of our most popular cameras, and these are the batteries that power that camera. And these ones are to me as good as the original Sony batteries, but they're a lot more affordable. These charge via USB-C, and there's a nice little button on the front that you can use to check the battery indicator to see what life you have left on those batteries. In the world of cameras, you kind of just have to purchase extra batteries, and these are a nice affordable option that work really well. Now, there are a few rigging accessories I wanted to mention for those times that you need to actually build out your camera or your smartphone a little bit more depending on different circumstances, but the first one is this little accessory plate from SmallRig. This is a 20-piece hex and screw kit, so it's got different like Allen wrench keys as well as like a screwdriver to tighten tripod plates and a bunch of extra tripod screws. If you've ever lost a tripod plate, that it can be super frustrating, so this comes with a bunch of those screws. And then there's a bunch of threads to add additional screws and accessories if you'd like. This is actually one of my most used accessories, and if I ever go to an event like a wedding or a concert that I'm filming or one of our Think Media events, we always bring one of these because we use them in so many circumstances. Now, SmallRig also makes camera cages, and these are really helpful if you ever want to rig out your camera with additional accessories that aren't easily adapted to the camera body. So, things like lights or different kinds of microphones or different side or top handles so you can hold the camera in a different manner. We often add cages to our cameras so we can also add V-mount batteries to power our camera through a V-mount if we're on like an NAB show floor doing interviews, things like that. Cages come in handy a ton when you adopt more professional video production workflows, so just something to think about. If you have a camera, SmallRig probably has a dedicated case that works with that camera, but I'll link this one for the Sony a7 series in the description down below. And they actually have these for smartphone creators as well. So, if you need to rig out your smartphone, especially if you're somebody who wants to record like on an iPhone in ProRes, you can mount an SSD to like the rear of this smartphone cage, and now we'll be recording to SSDs instead of the internal memory of that iPhone, and even just add different accessories like microphones and lights directly to these cages to use your smartphone in a more professional capacity. So, we'll link this one down in the description below. It's only about 60 bucks to get started. And this last little accessory I'll talk about are these little articulating magic arms with these crab clamps. And what these are used for is mounting all kinds of accessories. I often use them to mount to my tripod, and then I'll mount my smartphone for like a BTS angle, or maybe my notes will be listed on the smartphone, and I'll just mount that in different positions. I'll also mount these to C-stands to do overhead lighting rigs or top-down rigs, and just add accessories to my C-stand this way. And this is just one example of these different kinds of accessories SmallRig offers for very specific use cases. I have an entire bin of rigging parts that I use from SmallRig and have for the last 10 years being a video production professional, but this magic arm is one of my most used accessories, and it's only about $20. Now, I did mention a couple tripods in this video, but if you want to check out my favorite tripods for every budget level, you can click or tap the screen right here to check out that video, and we'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OBSBOT [7 likes]: ‘A professional web camera without that professional price tag’ 👏Thanks for featuring OBSBOT Meet SE, Think Media. Thrilled to hear you love the robust software and the tiny design.
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: What are you thoughts about the gear shared in this video? Let us know below ⬇
🔥The SmallRig U.S. Spring Sale runs from March 18th to 31st (PST), offering savings with up to 40% off! It’s the perfect time to upgrade your SmallRig gear at unbeatable prices.
   👉 Shop Now on B&H: https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/browse/smallrig-store/ci/48496?origSearch=smallrig&sts=ma
   👉 Visit the Official Site: https://www.smallrig.com/campaigns/promotion
  3. @fransescuuuhhh [3 likes]: The 1:33 autofocus is fantastic. I love this little thing.
  4. @Kylefunk21 [1 likes]: Man I just found think media after toying with the idea of starting a channel. I’ve seen a few different videos with this guy and I just shot my first video today. Thanks fellas, you guys are tight af 🤘🏼
  5. @LCsureshotfoto [1 likes]: I'm a big fan of SmallRig products for both video and photo work!
  6. @RichardPSarno [1 likes]: New youtuber lets mark attendance. No faking❤❤❤
  7. @aboodbf2609 [1 likes]: Amazing content as always. Keep shining and sharing your creativity—may success and abundance always flow your way
  8. @Kingsc84 [1 likes]: "Affordable gear for under 100 dollars" continues to show items at or above 100 dollars.
  9. @mauriciolee7349 [1 likes]: Thank Think Media for showing the clip that you used a lantern to light a large room and the SmallRig dummy battery for a camera.
  10. @DakChats: 1:53
  11. @serenityjewel: 😂 The color from the FEX did not, in fact, look better.
  12. @CaptainSpetsnaz: The Athey creek hat 👀
  13. @d3weyTube: Really like the content and i like SmallRig kit too…  but this was not a balanced video. It was grossly promotional. 
If you are going to do bits like this just call it what it is. “Reasons we love working with SmallRig” and don’t mask it as a guide. The lantern especially guys… $100 that is rendered useless without a $200+ light.
Plenty of sub $100 kit from Smallrig competitors that should have been in this and if they stand up to their brand they will have no fear in being in the same feature as a sponsor with a balanced measure of competition.
Made me rethink the sub button for now.
  14. @CLSMoonknight739: Im still using my old logitech 920c webcam
  15. @fransescuuuhhh: the Meet SE looks like a nice budget webcam option in this lineup.
  16. @RichardPSarno: Lets grow😊😊😊
  17. @RichardPSarno: New creator gather here😊😊😊
  18. @johnjalex540: Looks like the earlier NEX cameras do not support 3.5mm audio input. :(
  19. @AliColak: If only the Lexar’s didn’t go up by 100%

Went from $49 a two pack to $140 for the one you showed
  20. @TiresRussia: Thanks for the great review 🔥 The prices are great 👌

- The DJI Mic Mini Just Got Better!: Kind: captions Language: en I own a lot of wireless mics. I got cheap ones, expensive ones, and ones that are still in the box. But out of all of them, I keep grabbing this one. This is the DJI Mic Mini. I've been using it since it first came out, and honestly, I still think it's the best wireless microphone you can buy for the money. It's small, easy to use, and it works with both smartphones and cameras. So, in this video, I want to show you some creative ways to use this mic, a few accessories worth picking up, and three reasons why you should consider this microphone. You got to just press record. >> Hey, what's up? Nate here with Think Media. Now, before we dive in, I quickly want to explain the different kits that are available for the Mic Mini. First, you can just pick up a single transmitter, which is perfect if you already own a DJI Osmo camera and just want a super clean direct connection. You can also pick up a single transmitter with a receiver, which is great if you are a solo creator using your phone or camera. Or you can pick up the two transmitter kit with this new smaller mobile receiver, which we'll talk about more later on in the video. And then there is the full kit with two transmitters, a receiver, and a charging case. And at the time of recording this video, the full kit is $79, which is an absolute bargain. And that's the one we'll primarily look at today. When you first get the DJI Mic Mini, everything comes packed in this nice carrying pouch. Inside that is a charging case which holds both the transmitters and receiver and that keeps everything topped off with charge. You also get a USBC adapter for connecting to your phone or even a computer. Two wind masks for each transmitter, a black and a gray one. The gray is a little bit better if you are dealing with heavier wind. You also get a 3.5 mm cable for connecting to your camera and a USBC cable to charge the case. What I like about this is that DJI really thought this through. You can actually store the wind muffs and the 3.5 mm cable inside the charging case lid. So, if you want to travel lighter, you don't even need to bring the carrying pouch, which is awesome. You can just grab the case and go. Now, the first reason is probably the biggest reason why I keep using the DJI Mic Mini, and that is its simplicity. When you take it out of the case, it turns on and automatically connects to the receiver. You can then clip the microphone onto your shirt, hit record, and that is basically it. Now, you'll need to set your camera's audio levels beforehand, but once it's dialed in, I rarely have to think about it, and it just simply works. I also appreciate the physical gain dial on the receiver. If something is too loud, I can simply reach over and turn it down, which is great because I'm not buried in some menu trying to fix my audio levels. This mic also has several features to help protect your audio. It has a built-in limiter, so if things get loud, it will help control that. You can also turn on the safety track feature, so if your main audio track clips, you have a backup recorded at a lower volume that you could switch to in your editing software. Battery life is also really impressive. You get 11 hours per transmitter and 10 hours on the receiver. That is more than enough to get you through the day. And once you're done, you can simply drop it back in its case and it quickly recharges. Reason number two is the audio quality. What good is a microphone if it doesn't sound good? And the mic mini sounds pretty good. If you're curious to hear how it sounds, well, I'm actually been using the mic mini and this little reporter handle this entire time for this video. So, you can really get some great results with a simple wireless microphone like this. Honestly, the DJI Mic Mini is more than enough for normal YouTube situations. And I think it even sounds just as good as some of the more expensive wireless systems like the DJI Mic 3. Now, are there wireless microphones out there that technically sound better? Yes, of course. But for a small wireless mic at this price point, it sounds clean, it sounds clear, and most importantly, it's consistent. And speaking of consistency, when it comes to the range of this microphone, it's kind of crazy with how small it is. Even at longer distances up to a thousand feet, it still stays connected and sounds rock solid. Okay, so I have the mic mini clipped to my shirt. I'm gonna do a little bit of a distance test just to see how far we can go. This thing can go up to 1,000 ft and still connect to the camera, which is insane. Again, that's more line of sight, so anytime the microphone can actually be within sight of the receiver, so if you turn around, you know, you could risk your audio cutting out. But then if I turn back, I've never had an issue with the transmission connection between microphone and receiver. So again, I'm like, I don't know, 100 feet now. This is pretty crazy. I would not really ever need to be this far away from the camera. But it's good to know that you can kind of maximize this range if you just want to have good connection or if you're between walls going in and outdoors. This is a great little microphone. Again, super reliable connection. What more can you ask for? Now, I've noticed that if you clip the mic mini to your shirt and depending on where it's placed and depending on your voice, it can sound a bit muffled at times, but usually I can fix that with a little bit of EQ in my editing software, and that will just brighten it up slightly, and it sounds much better. Now, a pro tip for you if you want to get better audio quality from the mic mini is actually to hold it out in front of you. In this position, it actually sounds much better for some reason. So, you could actually just hold the microphone if you want to get a little bit better audio. Maybe you're doing some voiceovers or you don't mind holding the microphone like this. And if it's a little bit hard to hold, you can actually grab something like this reporter handle and by using the magnets on the back of the mic mini, simply attach it to this, slide on the little foam cover, and boom, now you got a legit handheld microphone. And the crazy thing is, I actually think it sounds better because you're holding it in a better position. I think this is perfect if you do more onthe-go interviews. You can just kind of hold the microphone as you talk to it, hold it for your guest, or even grab two and you have a super simple little podcast setup. If you're interested in checking out this or any of the gear mentioned in this video, I'll leave links in the description down below. Now, the third reason, and perhaps my favorite reason why I continue to still use this microphone is because of its compatibility. It works with basically everything. You can use it with your smartphone, your mirrorless camera, your computer for Zoom calls or live streams, and even connect it directly to your DJI Osmo cameras. That means you don't need to invest in a completely different system for each camera. You can simply buy this kit and you're good to go. And that's why out of all the microphones I own, I grab this when I quickly want to film a YouTube video or I'm traveling doing behind-the-scenes content and don't want to over complicate things. Okay, so let me show you a few creative ways I've been using the mic mini Mini in my workflow and a couple accessories that are worth picking up. Number one I already mentioned is this reporter handle. Honestly, it's such a cool little setup that kind of changes the way you use your wireless microphone. Now, another cool trick that Kyle on the Think Media team has actually done for podcast setups, and this is kind of sneaky. You can take any wireless microphone that has magnets and attach it directly to a podcast microphone like the Sure SM7B. Now, why would you want to do this? Well, it serves as a backup audio recording. So, in case something goes wrong with your main mic, you could always switch to the backup wireless microphone and still have usable audio. I just think this is a really creative way to get backup recording without complicating things too much. And I think it gets even better when you fully understand the different recording modes on the Mic Mini. There are three different options, mono, stereo, and mono with a safety track. The mono option records everything to one audio track. So, it's very simple. You don't have to do any post-p production. If you're only using one microphone doing talking head style YouTube videos like this, mono is perfect. Stereo records each microphone to its own channel. So, if you're using two transmitters, one on you and one on another person, stereo allows you to record these microphones separately. And this will split up into the left and right channel. So, if I talk into this microphone, you should be hearing me from the left side. And if I talk into this one, you hear me on the right side. So, you will need to do a little bit of editing work, but this gives you much more control. So, I can mute myself if something touches this and you're not hearing that being picked up in the actual recording. So, I definitely recommend recording in stereo if you are recording with two microphones, unless you don't plan on correcting it in post. In that case, just stick with mono. And third is mono with a safety track. This mode records two versions of your voice at the same time, one at a normal volume and one at a slightly lower volume as a backup. This is useful if maybe things get a little bit louder on your main audio track. You could always switch to the backup audio track in your editing software and have good audio. Now, one complaint I made on my original video is that the Mic Min's receiver is fairly chunky when you are using it paired with a smartphone. [music] Well, DJI must have been listening because they released this new, smaller mobile receiver that plugs directly into your phone. It's way more streamlined, way less bulky, and still sounds great. All right, so this is an audio test with the DJI Mic Mini connected to the new mobile receiver, and that's going into my iPhone. Definitely a much sleeker design, but you still have control over your microphone. You can turn on the noise cancellation from off, low to high. You can connect your microphone. You can even charge your phone through the USBC if you want to do that. So, definitely worth getting this, especially if you primarily shoot with your phone. Definitely a nice little upgrade. And if you have a Sony camera, they also sell this hot shoe adapter. So, no more 3.5 mm cable hanging off the side. You just slide it on and you're good to go. Now, I know some of you are already writing in the comments, "What about the lack of backup recording on the DJI Mic Mini?" And that is fair. When I am doing higher production work where there is no room for error, I definitely want to have backup recording. But when it comes to filming YouTube content, I rarely use the backup recording feature. A because I either forget about it or two, I just don't want to deal with the hassle of transferring the files to my computer. And typically, I can always just kind of redo the take. So, I personally don't ever find myself using it for YouTube, but ask yourself, is backup recording a feature you actually use, or do you like knowing it's there? Because those are two different things. Another thing to consider is the DJI Mic Mini does not have a 3.5 mm microphone input. I would love the ability to plug in a lavalier and have a really discreet, small setup for more professional interview setups. When it comes to YouTube content, I what I've noticed is people don't necessarily mind seeing the microphone in shot. It kind of adds to the creator charm. Now, I don't necessarily like mounting a wireless microphone to my shirt. I found ways to hide it, though, like using a reporter handle or just even clipping it just off a frame on my shirt. And that seems to be working for me. The speed and ease of use matters much more. And the mic mini delivers on that. And I usually get a comment asking about, can you connect the DJ Mic Mini directly to your smartphone and just record that way? And technically, you can connect over Bluetooth, but it does not sound good. I've tested a few times and it just does not sound nearly as good as when the receiver is plugged in. So, I still recommend doing that. Or if you are primarily shooting on your phone, definitely pick up that mobile receiver for a more streamlined setup. So, let's answer the question. Who is the DJI Mic Mini for? If you're just starting out and want a simple plug-and-play solution and don't want have to mess with a bunch of audio settings or you want one mic that works with everything, the Mic Mini is a fantastic option. Now, this might not be for you if you absolutely need backup recording. Maybe you're doing higherend production and you need advanced monitoring and prolevel audio controls, but for 90% of creators, this is more than enough. But what are your thoughts on the DJI Mic Mini? Let me know in the comments down below. And if you want to see how this microphone compares to other wireless microphone systems, then check out this video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [8 likes]: What are your thoughts on the DJI Mic Mini? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Check out the DJI Mic Mini here ➡ https://geni.us/yUPUIv
  2. @freedtoservewithjanette2458: Would you be kind enough to give out some of those you don’t need. Thank you
  3. @Joverowa: I want a mic for my Insta 360 X5. Not a vlogger, .... just want better sound. You talk that you can connect the MIC directly to your camera. But at the end of the video you say that the sound via Bluettoth is not that good... So that option drops, no??? It is good to seet the mobile reciever. So all I need is that? A mobile receiver and one MIC? If yes, I regret that the USB C port on a Insta X5 is turned 90 degrees....  So in short: I'm searching for a good mic that doesn't cost me a leg and that I can use with the X5 without having a bulky receiver. Will this mic do ?
  4. @sachathomasvideophoto1199: I have an older camera ( go pro hero 8 black) and I'm curious if the iPhone RX might work with the go pro. I understand the chips usually are proprietary chips specifically for iphone. I'm not sure I want to risk causing a failure. I'm curious if you have tried it.
  5. @joeyrodriguez7125: Does that "MIC RX" piece record audio internally only? Or can it also transmit directly to my Osmo 360? I'm looking for a way to get sound from a mixer stereo output wirelessly into my Osmo 360, and avoid synching a separate audio file
  6. @Core_ts: Bro your answered all my questions for getting mics! This is so helpful and imma get me one! Thanks think media!
  7. @WhatThePheel: Huge channels still click baiting in 2026?
  8. @anthonyroberts9232: Nice, very affordable price on the go.
  9. @MarkMatthewsNJ: I have several too.. the Lark m2s is my goto for iPhone mic.  perfect and I love not having to deal with the magnet.  for my Nano i have a mini that I just keep synched to it.  Then for pocket 3 I have 2 DJI mics.  doh
  10. @queenloudwine: I just wanted something to cancel noise while I’m in a restaurant but when you were outside I can still hear the wind in the background
  11. @shiaominglee: when reviewing a mic wouldnt it be better if the audio came from the mic being reviewed instead of doing just a section for the audio test?
  12. @mikesunboxing: Is it me or does it sound really compressed and lacks bass and clarity?
  13. @g.s.3389: just waiting for the delivery today from Amazon....
  14. @laptopduciuc7211: With the usbc audio transmitter is there a usbc to lightning that can use audio
  15. @Daniel_Plainview: Thank  You JD Vance
  16. @Now-Review-This: Too airy and sibilant! That's the DJI way of tuning. I measured the frequency response on their mic2's before and after firmware update and it's easy to see why they sound like this. They love to do bad things to the mid treble region. The video is on my channel if any care to see. But I totally agree with you on this form factor, DJI absolutely wins in the tiny looks department. Now if they could only fix their horrible frequency response problem, they'd be king for a day. Cheers 🍻
  17. @Flo_B119: for me its not working so far very well. i tried using it with a motorcycle and its way too sensitive. -24db would be awesome. Mic is clipping really bad above 90-100kmh, even if its wrapped in a thick blanket in a backpack.
  18. @cloudcata8300: Blows my mind how good these sound and how cheap the entire kit is. Paid 100$ for the entire kit with two mics. No idea why the mic 3 is nearly 4 times more expensive. The added features don't seem to be worth that massive jump, sound quality, I actually thing the mini sounds better.
  19. @marcsmedema3396: Dear DJI: WHY, WHY, WHY do your print your LOGO 'DJI" that BIG on the mics....??? If I shoot an interview I don't want LOGO's (read advertising) in my picture. Suggestion; NO LOGO or small (on the back)...
  20. @bikelifecam9746: In the link provided the cost is $210

- How to Upload a YouTube Video in 2026 (Do This Right): Kind: captions Language: en To upload a YouTube video, click create, pick your file, and you're done. I have only it were that easy. Because after you've uploaded your video, YouTube gives you 68 different things you can click on or change. And if you rush it right here, this is where videos often quietly die. I'm Nathan Eswine, one of the YouTube coaches here at Think Media, and this is a process that I walk creators through every week. So, in this video, I'm going to give you our publish checklist, the highest return steps in the right order. Let's start with step one. Details. This is our first tab, and there's a reason that this is first. Pay attention to what shows up. YouTube lets you put in your title, description, and thumbnail. If you are getting to this point, you've uploaded the video, and then you're starting to think about your title, your thumbnails, even your description for the first time, we've got to flip that workflow. To be strategic and get the most out of this section, a lot of this thought should be happening before we even get to this page. When we get to the title, we want to make sure that we're thinking through and how how this best matches our topic. And I love this. YouTube like is so open with you. A catchy title can help you hook viewers. When you create video titles, it's a good idea to include keywords your audience is likely to use when looking for videos like yours. So, what's the cheat code here? Well, it's to think about, "Hey, how congruent is the title to my topic? How can I hook the kinds of viewers that I'm trying to reach? When I create a video title, what are some of the keywords? What are some of the language that people use or could use to find me?" And this requires awareness, right? This requires you knowing who you're trying to reach. Titles, descriptions, thumbnails become so much easier when you know who you're after. That's what you're trying to nail down here. But, the title is the main sum up of your video, and that means a lot. That's a lot of data that you're actually communicating to YouTube. And so, it's fascinating to think about, "Wow, a lot of work should really go into this section." Because not only are you trying to present your video in a way that's clickable to the people you're trying to reach, but also in a way that communicates to YouTube what this video is about so that YouTube can start to work on your behalf. But, we can't talk about titles without talking about thumbnails. I'm going to scroll down a little bit here. When it comes to your thumbnails, you want to make sure that you're thinking about a complementary image that goes with your title. If the title is kind of the great sum up of your video, the thumbnail is a great sum up of your video in a visual way. And they both should go together in a way that are going to stand out and draw a viewer's attention as YouTube says right here. Let's talk about the description. This is your other big heavy hitter. Again, YouTube talks to you. Writing descriptions with what? Keywords can help viewers find your videos more easily through search. Search traffic is not dead. This is a big deal. You can give an overview of your video and place keywords in the beginning of the description. Interesting. So, YouTube's kind of saying that what you put in the top of your description is actually heavier weighted. So, think about this. This is an opportunity here. When you're uploading a YouTube video and you're like, "Okay, publishing a video, what can I put in the description to further communicate congruency between my video and between my title and my thumbnail? But, this opening section right here. Whatever you're going to put here, let that opening sentence or that first bit of text that you put here, it could potentially be title leftovers. What stuff that didn't make it into the final cut that still has some keywords in it, that still has a little bit of intrigue in it, that could help be the glue so that on this first line in your description, you can help aid the efforts of YouTube knowing what to do with your video. Because especially in search, if people do search for your kind of content, the description is available there, too. So, it's an important place to think through, "Okay, there's two things we want to do here." The first thing is help with congruency, help communicate to YouTube and to people more about what this video is. The second part that you would do here would be what we would call the call to action. And I can tell you what, as a coach, I can identify what game you are trying to play on YouTube by looking at your description. Because this is a prime place to put any calls to actions you might have. Because you made a YouTube video, if there's something you're trying to tell people about, this is the place to put that. And so, what what would that look like? Well, here's like a brief example. The first line is going to be reinforcing what this particular video, the one you're watching, is about, right? Don't hit publish until you run this upload sequence. The second thing though is going to shift into call to action territory. And we want it to be just a couple sentences because we want it to appear above the fold. So, it's a hybrid approach. Want a personalized game plan for your channel? Take the free 2-minute creator quiz and get your next steps here. And I got to say, if so far, if you're like, "Wow, I have not even thought about this level of detail when it comes to my description." And like, I would really encourage you to actually go here. Go to mycreatorquiz.com. It's completely free. There's five stages of YouTube that we found here at Think Media, and you're in one of them right now. A lot of times, when we can't get to that next level of growth, it's because we're intaking strategies from people that are in different stages. And so, it's important to know where you're at so that you can get to your next step. And so, when you head there, mycreatorquiz.com, it's completely free. In just a couple minutes, you'll know exactly what stage you're in. And you're not just going to know what stage you're in, we're actually going to give you tangible next steps. There's even a checklist in there, so you know like, "Okay, these are the next few things I need to do to get to my next stage." Again, that's mycreatorquiz.com. And funny enough, link is in the description down below. Speaking of down below, we're going to scroll on down to playlists now. This is an important section that I don't just want to gloss past. You think about playlists for you as a creator, which can be totally helpful, by the way. But, something that YouTube really cares about is session time, which means, "Hey, when someone lands on the platform in general, how long does that person stay on the platform?" When you start to create playlists for your audience, man, it can be so powerful, because you can have a natural flow of going from this video to the next video. When you're always asking yourself, like, "Hey, where's the next best place to point people?" That's a powerful place to be in, because you can increase session time. And if session time increases, this is how you start to appear on people's home pages, because people are spending a lot of time with you. Moving down from playlist, there's several different sections here that are going to be creator dependent, so I won't spend too much time here, because you're going to know, "Hey, if you need to toggle buttons related to your audience and age, related to paid promotions, if you're accepting anything, or a video supported by brands, if you're already a part of this." Altered content is important to think about, but especially because of the landscape right now with YouTube, you are required to tell us is what YouTube's saying, if your content is altered or synthetic and seems real. Sounds, visuals made with AI or the help of other tools, if any of that is involved in your content creation process, check yes. Collaborations, again, you're going to know if that's appropriate for the video that you're uploading, but I want to talk about this automatic stuff. Automatic chapters, I don't think are worth turning on. I think you're better off coming up with your own chapters and key moments, so to speak. Chapters have the ability to be searched and to be suggested, by the way. Then, if you can think through, "Okay, what's like a almost like thinking through chapters as mini YouTube titles, where you're really mapping out an easy viewing experience for your audience." When it comes to like places and concepts, just personally, I'm like, "Yeah, I'm just going to go ahead and leave these checked." Okay, tags. Oh, boy, let's talk about tags. YouTube tells you straight up, tags don't matter nearly as much as they used to, but they can be useful, particularly if things in your content or your video or your topic could be commonly misspelled. Otherwise, I mean they play a minimal role. Here's our thought though on tags Think Media. Just because they play a minimal role, doesn't mean that we shouldn't care about it. Tags are a great opportunity to further reinforce what this video is about, and you can think about tags in several different ways. What is like the big umbrella of your niche, and what's appropriate there? But after that, the key is just like with your description, don't just be keyword stuffing. Like just everything and anything you could possibly think about, you're better off thinking about what this actual video is. Can you publish a video and it still find the right people without them? Absolutely. But if you have the time, in the spirit of leaving no stone left unturned, put thought into your tags. The category I do think is worth changing. That's again another toggle that takes like .2 seconds. Is it the biggest needle mover? No. But is it something else that can contribute to a video? Yeah, absolutely. So I'm going to choose that. So that's details. Wow. And if you made it through details and you spend your time here, that's just about 50% of all the stuff you need to decide to engage with and how you want to engage with it. When you move on to monetization, if you don't have a channel that's monetized, you just simply won't see these options here that I'm about to go through. But when you go to monetization, I mean these are pretty straightforward unless you have the kind of content, right? Okay, I'm going to turn it on, and you have the kind of content where you need to get inside of here, like trying to like select every little thing inside of each category of rating. Well, yeah, that could take a little bit of time, but this is pretty straightforward. It's just related to your videos and the kind of content that you make. But after you've done this, video elements. This is actually an important screen. I think a lot of creators are sleeping on some tools that YouTube gives you right here. But I mainly want to talk about and draw your attention to end screens. It's the same headspace that we were in when we're talking about playlists, increasing session time. One of the most powerful call to actions you can do on platform with YouTube at the end of a video is something that we call the transition. And having an end screen is a perfect way to do that. I really think you're going to have a higher conversion, a higher chance of people clicking on the stuff you put on your end screen if there's less of it and you're more direct about it. When we get to visibility, this matters a lot, too. Ideally, get this video, get this process going at least a day before your video typically goes out. If you're just like showing up to the uh publishing tool here, it would actually be better for you to miss your upload time and give yourself the ability to thoughtfully work through all these steps we've been going through and then publish than just trying to rush through. But, it also gives you this opportunity. If you're going to do a pinned comment, so there's no way to like automatically have a pinned comment just drop unless you go through it this way. Video's unlisted, you can go in there, add your comment, pin it. And why would you do that? To ask for engagement. Why would you do that? To put your link there again, too. Or maybe a best of like both worlds, you got both going on. But, unless you would have to wait till that video is live and then for you to hop on and then put the pinned comment on, the only way to kind of do it beforehand is like this. Keeping the video unlisted, adding the pinned comment, then scheduling the video. And when it comes to scheduling your video, two important points to make very, very clear. If you are just starting, just post your videos. You don't need to get gripped up. Your your your uh publish time should be determined by your actual life and your actual week. Like, you got like a full-time job, if you got responsibilities, you're probably busy, then you just need to know, "Oh, okay, it looks like Wednesdays are like my best day because that's just when I actually have time." Great, congratulations, Wednesday are your day. It's actually more determined by you and less by your audience. And especially if you're just starting, you don't even really have the data to know when would be an ideal time to post. If you do have the data and you do have ideal times to post, then I think it's strategic to think through, "Okay, when is the best time to post a video?" Okay, we have successfully walked through each of these tabs. But, if there was one more, it would probably say something like launch plan. And what I mean is, after the video has gone live, what are you doing then? Because, I understand, you could be watching this and be like, "Nathan, I'm getting like 14 views on my video." I understood. Like loud and clear. I've been there myself. But, when even if you have one comment, it's worth being available for the kinds of engagement you could be getting after video goes out. Now, are you being able to check in to respond to engagement is one thing. The second thing, which is probably a little bit more advanced, you have to have a a pivot plan, right? Where after the video goes out and you start to see that this video is underperforming, you want to be available to make changes. Of course, you got to filter this through your season, through your YouTube journey right now, but I want to make sure you're aware and at least be thinking of this next tab, the seventh tab, so to speak. If you do these in this order, even if it feels a little bit new, but you give thought to each of these sections, over time this will become your publishing ritual. Again, if you want to know exactly what stage of YouTube you're in, you can head to And if you want help strategizing your next steps, or tap the screen right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MyKeecheen [9 likes]: As a new creator, videos like this make the whole process feel less confusing. There’s honestly a lot to figure out when you’re just starting.
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [8 likes]: What's your biggest roadblock when it comes to getting videos out? Don't forget to grab your free personalized channel growth plan. Results in 2 minutes! FREE Creator Quiz here 👉 http://mycreatorquiz.com
  3. @BangladeshAI-ai [8 likes]: What’s interesting is that the upload screen looks simple, but each setting quietly shapes how YouTube understands the video. Title, description, chapters, tags, even category — they’re not just fields to fill, they’re signals that help the system place the content with the right audience.
  4. @NatashainvestsUSA [3 likes]: I did everything what you said but still only 4 subs
  5. @CadeInvests [2 likes]: Appreciate the video. Always important to make sure you get the small things right in your video settings. You guys have helped me reach over 500 subscribers!
  6. @HikLal [2 likes]: I am new in YouTube,and don't have knowledge about you channel, how to progress the channel? How to select content, tops, for viewers
  7. @AllisaJacobs [1 likes]: New channel here, thank you so much! Seems like having links at top of description is not helpful - yikes!
  8. @3Days3Noches [1 likes]: My goal is 100k this year. I need this coaching
  9. @oetvgo [1 likes]: ❤❤
  10. @HerculesTheGreatPC [1 likes]: Wow super helpful video. And im not a bot lolll😂😂😂
I’m at about 13k and just starting to upload long form videos. Mostly do shorts. But this is great. 👍 Thank you so much woof woof!!🐶 💜🙏🫶
  11. @GaryMichaels1980 [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏
  12. @HumbleHampton: I started back posting long form videos but quickly realized that shorts were ruining the overall purpose of my channel.
  13. @Gernerlmations2556: shared
  14. @Susana_Travels: I don’t see a menu on the left with details where do I find them?
  15. @Gumtoony: it's been 24 hours i still got no views how can i fix this
  16. @Gumtoony: it's been 24 hours i still got no views how can i fix this
  17. @RebelC18: I'm happy with my results it is just that I can't even get 100 subscribers man it's so annoying
  18. @SheilaBernaldo: This is very informative , I like the way you explained   this , I am one of your subscriber thank you think media.
  19. @CrazivakisToonmixstudios: Does EVERYONE think this is helpful??? Like LEGITIMATELY HELPFUL!!! Not judging I’m just asking because I’m trying to grow my channel
  20. @BIBLICALPURPOSE: Great information ..very clean crisp 
God bless you guys!! 💙