- How to Deal with HATE Comments on Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en What is up everyone. Welcome back to my channel, the number one place for new coaches, content creators and entrepreneurs. Now I have a question for you guys. Have you ever been petrified to get a hate comment or have you actually gotten a hate, comment yourself? Well, I'm here to tell you that I've been there. I myself have had an experience dealing with hate comments ranging from people calling me an impostor or a fraudster to derogatory comments to comments from people who straight up just don't like me or like my content. That's why as someone who's been a content creator for about a year now, I've had a good experience dealing with these hate comments that I really want to share with you. So if you want to learn how exactly I handle my hate comments, thank, keep on watching. Now, first things first, I absolutely acknowledge the fact that hey, comments suck. They sting and as much as people are going to tell you to brush it off and move on, you are 100% entitled to feeling the pain that is associated with receiving a hate comment. However, even though dealing with the pain of receiving a hate comment is inevitable and it's always going to be there, how you train your mind and yourself to react to these hate comments is what matters at the end of the day. Let me give you an example for me. When I was starting my journey on Youtube or in my business in general, a year ago, I was posting a lot of videos documenting my journey about how I was leaving the nine to five. I was giving advice on how other people could leave their nine to five and I was also talking about me starting my business and inevitably I've received hate comments from people calling me an impostor, calling me a fraudster and some people thinking that I was an internet MLM and all of that. And even outside of the Internet I also had loved ones talk behind my back regarding my path and my decision of starting my business and being a content creator. And especially after leaving my nine to five without a backup plan, it seemed like a crazy idea and a lot of people questioned whether or not I was an expert enough or if I was good enough to be teaching what I was teaching on Youtube. And at that point I really had two options. I either treat these hate comments as truth and use that as an excuse to give up all the progress that I've made so far and stop all the activities that I was doing in order to build my business and reach my goals, or I could've taken option two and that is simply see those hate comments and move on. Staying in my own lane, putting my head down and getting to work and actually using these hate comments as fuel to keep me going. And later on in this video I'm going to talk more about the specific mindset shifts and the specific ways to deal with these hate comments. But for now, just know that I chose option two and now a year later I have a youtube channel that has almost 100,000 subscribers. I have a multiple six figure business and I have a huge tribe of people who believe in me, who trust me, who see me as an expert and believe that I have the results that they want for themselves. That's why if you are someone who is petrified to ever receiving hate or you have received hate yourself, I want you to know that anyone who has the level of success that you desire for yourself are there for a reason because they themselves have received the same amount of hate, but they reacted to it a lot differently. They reacted to it in a positive way and they didn't let it impede their progress and that's why they're at the top. So with that pep talk out of the way, let's just dive into the first tip that I have when dealing with hate comments. And that is what you generally will notice is the people who leave hate comments aren't really doing much themselves. And what I mean by that is with my experience of dealing with hey comments time and time again when I visit their profile, either on youtube or on Instagram or whatever social media platform it is, they generally aren't content creators themselves or they don't even have a business yet. They have the most to say about how I create my content and how I run my business, which is very ironic and what you'll eventually notice as well is the people who have the time to even leave hate comments on your business, on your content, and all of that goes to show that they simply have a lot of time on their hands. And one of my favorite sayings is that losers focus on winners and winners focus on winning. And the reason why I love this quote is really think about it. If you are a true winner and you really want to move forward with your goals, focus on your vision, you really don't have time to damp in someone else's success or critique someone else's projects because you are simply so focused on your own. That's why over time you really have to coach yourself and tell yourself that the people who have the most to say about something generally are the ones that are taking the least amount of action in their own lives. This leads me to another quote that I want to mention that truly changed my mindset around dealing with hate comments, not just online but offline as well. And this comes from Angie Lee. And what she says is that the person who shows up deserves to be there. And I really wanted to share this quote with you because it is so true. Generally, it's always the people who aren't showing up in their own lives that have the most to say. But if you are someone who is showing up, going after your goals, going after your dream, you best believe that you deserve to be there. And I really want to tie this back into my own life and into my own journey in hopes that it will inspire you. So in the beginning stages of my journey, some of you guys might know that I quit my job without a backup plan. I really had no idea what the heck I was doing. However, once I started to do content creation and I started to declare myself as a coach, a lot of people had a lot to say. People who were in the nine to fives or people who are in the traditional path still had a lot of critiques. For me. They didn't really understand my business model. They didn't think that I was expert enough. They had all these things to say. However, fast forward a year later, I'm the one with the six figure business. I'm the one with a thriving youtube channel versus all the people who had so many things to say, who had so much time to focus on my stuff. They're still where they were a year ago, and I'm not saying this to, you know, be on my high horse or throw shade at other people, but what I'm really trying to do is illustrate the fact that when you are focused on yourself, instead of focusing on other people's journey, you're going to be able to 10 x the amount of progress that you can make. That's why for me, when people have the time to leave me a hate comment, I feel bad for them because I know that if they had spent that time building their own businesses, building their own path to their own personal version of success, they would quickly be able to get there, but nope, they decide to spend their days leaving. Hey, comments on action takers, people who are actually doing the damn thing. On top of that of what you're going to notice is you're never going to see people like Gary V, Tony Robbins, Marie Forleo, all these big entrepreneurs leave hate on other entrepreneurs or other content creators. It just doesn't happen because people who are actually successful in their lives do not have time to drag other people down and time and time again. What you're always going to notice is that the people who have the most to say the keyboard warriors, the trolls, when you visit their profiles or you do a little creeping on them, they haven't even taken the first step in doing what they're critiquing you about. That's why even though their comments may sting and it may hurt, just know that basically they're pretty much invalid considering the fact that it's coming from someone who hasn't even showed up for themselves. That's why over time, what I've learned is that I never take advice from people who do not have the results that I'm looking for or who have zero experience in doing the things that I am doing. Now at this point in the video, you've learned a lot regarding the mindset shifts you may need to make when dealing with haters in general. Now, the second portion of the video, I really want to go over some practical tips that you can do in order to deal with these hate comments that either come through your youtube comment session, your dms, or anywhere else. Now when you come across a hey comment, you have the following three options. The first is reply to it, the second one is ignore it and the third is deleted. Now, let's first talk about when to actually reply to hate comments because if I'm going to be a mind reader here, some of you guys might be wondering, well, some hate comments, what if they're actually valid? What if it's actually constructive criticism? How do I tell the difference between hate versus feedback? Now let me explain the difference. For me, when something is a hate comment, it's generally something that's attacking you as a person. It is not objective and the way that it's delivered is straight up rude versus when it's actual constructive feedback. Generally it's delivered in a very loving way or at least a very objective way and it has nothing to do with your character. For instance, on my channel, I get a lot of feedback on my videos, particularly how fast the videos are. Let's say. Now on one hand I get good constructive criticism from people who have said that my videos are a little bit too fast and how they say it is, hey Vanessa, your videos are just a little bit too fast for me to understand. Next time, can you please consider slowing it down and in this case I will either leave the comment in the comment section just to see if everyone else agrees with this person or I also replied to this person, whether it's acknowledging them and telling them that I'm going to try my best to slow down my speech or telling them how they can adjust their youtube settings so that they can enjoy the video at their personal preference. In terms of the pace. Now, when someone is leaving feedback on your page, I personally think that as a content creator and as a business owner, it's really important to acknowledge them and to reply to these comments if you have capacity to, and the reason for this is because as a owner, as a content creator, you really need to train yourself to not take things personally. And if it's feedback and it's constructive on your content or on your customer service or own any process that you have within your business, it's really important that you listen and you take this feedback and you implement it. If you agree with it. For example, I truly believe that my content and my videos have gotten better and better. Thanks to the feedback that you guys leave in the comment section below. However, if this feedback is delivered to me in a very rude way, I then either delete it or block the person depending on how savage that comment is. Let me give you an example. Giving me constructive and objective feedback on my audio, let's say is one thing, but feeling the need to call me a bitch, a stupid person, an annoying person or whatever else is another, because that no longer has anything to do with the audio. You are now attacking me as a person and that has nothing to do with the content that's being presented and that's when I classify it as a hey comment and that's where I will actually delete the comment or block the person. Now, some of you guys might be wondering, why would you delete it? Why would you block them? You're giving them exactly what they want. You know you're losing by doing this. They're winning, you know, don't you want to reply to their comment? Put them in their place and argue, well, trust me, my friend, I've gone that route. In the beginning of my journey, I used to reply to all of my hate comments so that I could prove my point so that I could publicly defend myself. But what I realized over time is that it never works that way. And the reason why I say this is because what I noticed is that the people who take the time to leave a very rude hate comment, their intention from the get go was to hurt you. It was never to have a one on one friendly conversation or debate. They are not looking for their opinion to be changed and no matter how friendly you are with them, no matter how much you try to reason with them, no matter what type of points that you make, whether they're valid or invalid, you're never going to change their opinion because at the end of the day, they're number one. Intention was never to have that conversation and it was simply there to hurt you. That's why as someone who's gone that route of playing whack-a-mole with hate comments, I'm here to tell you that it's not a good use of your time to engage in these conversations in the first place with people who are dead set in stone with their opinion. And the reason why I choose to delete these comments and even block people like this is because I need to protect my energy. And as a content creator and as a business owner, your energy is the most important thing that you have. You need to be able to protect it. And if someone is spewing negativity your way, simply delete it. Block them. This is your page. It's your business. You are the owner of your content. And if you don't want to see those things, then you don't have to see those things. You don't have to put yourself through that. Now, of course, if it is a comment that is complaining about your products or your services or true feedback on your customer service or anything related to your business, do not block this person. Do not delete the comment. You're much better off replying it in a cordial way or directing this person to move the conversation privately because from a PR standpoint, you don't want to be that business owner that's just blocking people who give you feedback, so definitely don't go that route. But what I'm trying to say is that if it is hate, comment, true hate comments that is attacking you as a person that is making you feel like crap that is making your audience members feel like crap, it is your duty to be in control and remove that type of negativity from your space, not just for you but for your community as well. That being said, I do have a bonus tip for you. If you're at the level where you have a team or you have an intern or someone to help you monitor your comment section, make sure your team is removing these comment sections before they even get to you. In my case, I don't even see 80% of the hate that I get, whether it's coming through emails or coming through my youtube comment section because my team is really good at removing them. The moment that they catch them. And therefore my energy as a business owner and as a content creator is truly protected. Now, speaking of protecting your energy so that you can show up for your audience and create consistent content, make sure you hit the notification bell because in the next video, I'm actually gonna take you behind the scenes on how I batch create my videos. Specifically, I've challenged myself to batch create 24 videos, Aka three months worth of content in just two weeks only. So make sure you hit the notification bell because in the next video I'm going to show you step by step how I'm going to plan for In the meantime, while you wait for that video, I post a lot of videos on business and social media, so make sure you check out these two videos that I have right here. As always, I appreciate you. I hope you guys have a great day, a great week, and a great life, and I'll see you in the next one. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CJTAMBER [1 likes]: Thank you so much vanessa, seems like when my vids started getting more views on tiktok and youtube the comments and the frequency of hate increased.
  2. @ReTruExpat [1 likes]: Hello Vanessa!  This is NOT a hate comment.... It's a frustration comment.  One thing that I've found being a 63-year-old retired American man living in the Philippines is that it's especially difficult to grow my YouTube channel.  I do work hard... JUST AS HARD as young Philippine women (half my age) and my content is just as good and informative as theirs.  I think you can see where I'm going with this.... Their channels are growing like crazy and compared to mine- I look at my channel, and it's like watching paint dry.  I'm planning to meet with a freelancer who helps with SEO Optimization, keywords, titles & thumbnails.  But I can't help but think that if I were younger, female and better looking- then maybe I'd be more successful.  I've been at this for over three years now with two separate YouTube channels... I'M JUST NOT GOING TO GIVE UP.
  3. @littlehouselife [1 likes]: This is such a wise perspective, helpful for creators of any age. Thanks!
  4. @sunflowerskies-: I just block the trolls. 🧌  🍎  🕳️ Not worthy of my time. Sometimes I troll the troll and call them a troll depends on my mood personally that’s me. I hate how people think they are just allowed to say whatever they want. I don’t allow this at all.*
  5. @InfiniteButthole: People have told me they wish I got cancer for buying clothing from Shein. And they have told me to kill myself for calling myself Goth. Lmao This world is crazy.
  6. @AnnainAotearoa: I have had some people call ME AI! pinches self I think I'm real?
  7. @Alucardsleftfang: I had a couple posts blow up on tiktok and normally I can brush off hate comments bc they're most likely just kids/teens but every now and then I get one that pmo and feel easily rage baited 💀
  8. @MichelleRoads: This was super helpful, thank you!
  9. @Daryna-writer: Awesome video! So true ❤️❤️❤️ thank you
  10. @PreciousPayne-s4t: I messaged my ex boyfriend Jonathan Rivera on messenger  i called him a crockroach then i blocked him
  11. @brennaz_brain: Sometimes hate comments are so confusing and poorly written I can’t tell if they’re hate comments… but they still bother me lol
  12. @english.pronunciationforadults: Thank you for this video! ❤️ As a Spanish native speaker who's been teaching English as a second language for a long time now and studying every single day, when it comes to post I know what I'm doing (I'm not saying that I don't make mistakes...I do! In Spanish and English - I'm human 🤷‍♀️). Although I'm not comfortable at all when it comes to recording myself, and I'm terrified of negative comments I'm still showing up every day. And today I had my very first rude comment...no positive feedback at all. I immediately delete the comment, but it really hurt because it was mean like I was a fraude and I was teaching nonsense. I carefully check everything I post, and this person wasn't right. Maybe I don't sound "convincing" yet because every time I record myself I feel ridiculous...but that doesn't mean that I don't know what I'm saying...
Anyway...thank you again for this video, 🤗 I really needed to hear this today (and to read all these comments...what a beautiful community!✨️)
  13. @HalifaxComputersRepair: i block them all the time ....trolls are nothing more then garbage !
  14. @Selflovewithalyssia: Thanks Vanessa, this video is so empowering and nice to hear today. 💫 ☀️
  15. @krowkovtuber: i reply to their hate comments with humor and sarcasm to turn them into publicly clowned losers 👁️👄👁️ is that a viable route or should i just block those people?
  16. @funnyflower113: thank you so much for this 🩷 needed this today
  17. @themultilingualfamilyhub: I so needed to watch this video - thank you Vanessa for sharing these valuable insights!!
  18. @Ridiculous78-j4f: I just started a gaming channel for my own, editing stuffs and posting it. I must say my works are still amateurs since I'm still learning. The hateful comments I'm getting one or two just made me thinking on how they able to take the initiative and comment such a negative thought whereas they can just scroll it down if they don't like  it thoo.😂Anyone who takes such time to leave hateful comments on someone's video is absolutely pathetic. I need to learn ignoring them somehow even though it hurts me when its like they disgracing my hard work.
  19. @plant_promoting_doctor: Thank you. This is really useful. People keep asking me when I will make money when I’ve only started my channel a few months ago. I also had a comment on my cooking channel with my mum saying that great idea but they’re sorry to say that they found it difficult to watch as I was extremely patronising to my mum and usually mums know best. My mum replied saying that was our banter and she’s not offended and they replied back saying if we really wanted our channel to grow then to work on that as it’s uncomfortable for people to watch the video. I checked on that person and they have no posts at all of their own.
  20. @pianovocal: Also if a Troll is being rude, report them to youtube.   Youtube will hopefully get rid of the trolls.  Make youtube more friendly place.

- How to deal with HATE on social media & how it can help you.: Kind: captions Language: en hey folks welcome back to the channel it's johnny keeley here and in this one we're going to be talking about negative comments on social media specifically the positive impact of negative comments on your posts and also a positive way to look at negative comments i think this is quite an important subject because taking on negative comments can be quite a contributor to burnout and also can contribute to quite a lot of the problems around mental health and social media another reason i wanted to talk about this is because negative comments can be a barrier for people who want to get started on social media maybe creating that youtube channel or that instagram account and anything that stops people creating is something that i think needs to be dealt with so number one the first positive thing to come out of negative comments is it counts as engagement of course it does this is a simple one and this is an obvious one if someone leaves a negative comment on your post it obviously counts as engagement if you respond to them that also counts as engagement these platforms do not really care whether the comments are positive or negative in actuality a controversial post that brings quite a lot of differing opinions and with it quite a lot of negative comments can actually be a real driving force and can really bring a lot of engagement to you if you just think about facebook those posts that pop up with just hundreds and hundreds of comments i guarantee for the most part they are people having arguments now that's not necessarily a good thing for the creator to get involved with those arguments but the point i'm trying to make is that just because they're negative comments doesn't mean they don't count as engagement and they're not helping your account whether you should respond to them is something we're going to go into later but for the most part just want to make it clear that when someone leaves a negative comment on your post that's a slight boost of your engagement number two another positive thing that can come out of negative comments is it can rally some of your followers to actually defend you if someone starts attacking you on social media some of your loyal followers may jump in and defend you and this creates more of a closeness between you and your followers it also lets your other followers know that you have a loyal following if you just think about all this famous singers out there who almost have a constant argument happening on twitter you know they have people attacking them they have a loyal fan base who are defending them you know it boosts the profile of the person that is being talked about and that actually creates quite a good vibe around your profile and shows that you have a community around what you do number three another really positive thing that can come out of someone deciding to leave a negative comment is it gives you a chance to show that you are a professional and that you can rise above and react with positivity uh or maybe you react with something very clever now i think we all react in different ways you know no one's perfect sometimes i will dig in sometimes i will be incredibly sarcastic and sometimes i just won't respond at all but the ideal for me and this is only me speaking for myself is for me to respond in a way that makes that person think twice about the negative comment they left or makes them rethink their opinion altogether i'll give some examples at the end of the video on how i personally choose to respond to negative comments but the point that i'm trying to make is that by someone leaving a negative comment they have actually given you the opportunity to respond and show that you can rise above it and that you are a professional i think this one really speaks to personal brands and businesses companies things like that often this can make or break a company and some companies whole um personality is based around the way that they react to negative comments on social media now number four we're getting into some of the ones which are more about a positive way to look at negative comments now if someone has decided to spend time on your post typing out a negative comment you know time is the only thing that none of us will get back and they've decided to spend their time trying to cut you down or make you feel less than you are now they have seen you as someone worth cutting down and someone worth cutting down or worth bringing down is obviously someone who is either successful or on their way to success not everyone's going to agree but if someone has taken the time to tell you that you're wrong to try and say something negative about you to try and make you feel bad you know you should be flattered by that because they have decided that you're worth cutting down you don't necessarily need to respond to it but you know this is something that comes with a success this is something that comes from being put in front of people who you don't know and that kind of leads us on to the next one which is number five people outside your normal circle are starting to see your content a way to explain this would be imagine you have your group of friends um they are very unlikely to leave negative comments on your post then let's branch it out a bit okay so these are the people who followed you from the beginning they are also unlikely to leave negative nasty comments and as you branch further and further out and your content starts being put in front of people who have never seen it before and don't know you they might be compelled to leave negative comments now that only happens when lots and lots of people are starting to see your content so what you can start to say inside is okay i'm starting to get more negative comments that means that more and more people are seeing my content more people further afield my reach is growing and again that is only a good thing the point of these is to let you know that negative comments kind of are inevitable there are people out there which will want to bring you down and cut you down and we're going to go into now some of the ways that i personally think about and respond to these now i tend to react to negative comments in probably one of four different ways the first is react positively the second is to react sarcastically the third is to react actually negatively and try and you know bounce it back in their face and four is to just not respond at all which in most cases is the most powerful response of all of those so let me give you a few examples of negative comments and how i would respond to them and why the first would be a reasonably critical but slightly constructive comment something like this was the least helpful video i've ever seen okay now the positive response to that would be hey sorry i didn't help you this time maybe next time something like that you know completely diffuses the situation sarcastic comments something i'm probably more likely to leave would be yeah i highly doubt that the point being have i really just created the least that person has ever seen it's possible but it's highly unlikely the negative would be to just dig into them which again don't do that now the fourth the fourth would be to just not respond at all and down vote that applies to youtube comments little different on instagram comments but you know you can still report people and things like that but that's not really reportable offense is it someone just saying that they thought your video was unhelpful but let's go on to another type of comment which is something along the lines of i hate the way you look okay there's only one way to respond to an attack on your personality or your appearance and that is just to completely ignore it delete the comment if you want to report the person if you want to give whatever signal you feel you need to give to the platform that lets that platform know that this person does not belong in the platforms community and particularly your community i would not give any of those kind of comments the time of day because if you do you will start to soak it up and there will be like seeds and they will grow and the more that you listen to people's comments on your appearance or your personality you will start to think that it's true and it's not it's just that this person has decided to attack you for all the reasons we've just talked about the less time that you can spend looking at negative comments and the more time you spend responding to positive comments is going to swing the balance in your favor your confidence will grow you will forget all about the negativity and as much as it might be satisfying to respond to someone attacking your personality or your appearance the best thing to do is just move on and forget them remove the comment down vote block whatever it is move on and think about all the positive things that people are saying about what you do now just before we finish i want to drop an analogy on you that a friend of mine sort of talked about with me if you imagine the world as a bath or in this case imagine the platform that you're on youtube instagram whatever it is as a bath now that water in the bath is full of all the things that are happening if you imagine the two taps normally it's a hot tap and a cold tap and in this case it is a positive tap and a negative tap now we want to turn the water in the bath positive we want to make it a positive place to be there's only one way of doing that and that is to turn on the positive tap eventually that water will turn positive there will be more positivity in there than negativity so it will start to be a more positive place to be and that is an analogy to describe the way that i think we should be acting on social media if that resonated with you then i think you'll probably enjoy some of my other videos i'll throw a couple up on the screen right now that i think will help you and as i say if you enjoyed hit the like button hit the subscribe button and if you do i will see you in the next video thanks very much you

  Top Comments:
  1. @skankhunt392 [5 likes]: 1. Block them 
If you block someone it ends there the person cant @ you cant write negative comments they will cease to exist
  2. @alisonlivingston [3 likes]: lol a tik tok post of mine with 2M views and 12k MEAN comments and counting…the subject matter: grammar!
  3. @ChrisSingo [2 likes]: Just got some hate but then they subscribe I don't why people like this bro 😢
  4. @Jonathansmith4841 [1 likes]: Am facing this issue right now and it hurts me so much.
  5. @PreciousPayne-s4t [1 likes]: People keeps calling me hurtful mean names but u know what i do not care what people think of me
  6. @juuprince [1 likes]: Think about this, people only want to cut the grass when it starts to grow uncontrollably. Don’t let anyone mow your grass. Don’t let anyone destroy your garden. Keep watering and planting your seeds
  7. @seidenschnabelfederflugel5441 [1 likes]: Yeah i woke up to a sh1t storm on threads this morning. Nice way to wake up to. Its brutal ngl. But i'm going through it and they only fuel me. So they should get ready. 👽 Thankyou for your video. Its nice to know, that i'm not alone. ❤
  8. @NGOOBFT [1 likes]: Hold on...if it is an option not to respond at all and it may even be the best option - why am I reading comments and getting bummed out by h8trs?? I don't have to. Thank you Jonny!
  9. @AngelofPestilence-es1jn [1 likes]: im a female autistic rap artist. I have polarizing rap. I am true to Hip hop, hip hop is meant to be controversial. In some ways the greatest moment was getting multiple hate comments so badly wanting to bring me down. WOW. that means I have been true to hip hop. they were so bothered they are trying to attack me in anyway they can. and this is very helpful, because it makes all the negative comments very predicable. you will be able to know the only small minded things they can come up with. hysterical part is they could argue with the actual lyrics. so they tried so hard to get me to "turn off my account." truly flattering. I think the only disappointing part here, is that like minded individuals SHARING do not say anything positive. the negative comments dont bother me, it's the lack of positive comments. I just got started so I thought the quick hate could be something very promising about my rap. even the greatest rap artists of all time get constant hate. @Johnny Keeley, what are your thoughts on this?
  10. @gregorio_in_Olanda: Great, great arguments. Thanks man. 😊
  11. @leonmaciak8622: thank you!
  12. @PreciousPayne-s4t: I like your video
  13. @swanWV16: We have always laughed at ours and even written them a song:  https://youtu.be/r1OXo3lOZGc
  14. @NGOOBFT: I love your perspective Jonny Keeley!! Thanks for this video.
  15. @Misterevo3: Genuine question; I'm not trying to be facetious, but I'm coming from a place of genuine curiosity. How do you deal with contributing to the milieu of the white male default? Every time I want to post or just have fun, I'm worried about the backlash I'd face in my posts in the context of adding to a predominantly white male christian patriarchal society.
  16. @MutePenguin1155: Thanks buddy, this helped a ton x.
One question, if i received a hate comment and choose to delete it, would then the social media platform see it as loosing engagement and not show the video to others as much?
  17. @bigmo7068: Very helpful to my situation. Thank you
  18. @JJ_its_ok: This is a brilliant video. Thank you
  19. @Darkkingztw: ❤
  20. @Danademedina1: The best video I’ve seen on this issue. Thank you ❤

- How I Handle Hate. The Psychology Of Being Unbothered (Episode 81): Kind: captions Language: en hi friends this week I'm going to teach you how to handle hate because you guys ask me all the time how do I not care about other people's opinions of me and how do I not let other people's judgments like hurt me because I've mastered being unbothered I genuinely do not care couldn't care less what other people think of me so I'm gonna kind of teach you how I do it by doing it so I'm gonna react to some hate comments and I'm gonna break some things down psychologically and also read some people back because I'm the type sometimes I clap back sometimes they don't but I figured the best way to teach you guys how I don't let hate impact me is by reading it and like going through it live with you so I've compiled a little list of like the top hate comments that I get and a few that I've been seeing recently that are real funny but I do have a few points I want to make before we jump into the hate comments and the first one is about trusting your own judgment people talking about you or speaking negatively is going to hit you and impact you a lot less once you begin to trust your own judgment so just because someone says something about you they don't like something about you they critique you or they're just talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it doesn't mean that they're right at all why do you give them so much power and Trust so much in their judgment of you do you really not think you're self-aware enough to know so the biggest thing that helped me is do not immediately assume other people have better judgment than you use your own judgment to evaluate what they're saying because a lot of people just be talking out of their ass and usually you can tell just click on their page do they have some kind of God [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in their bio some kind of like Bible verse or do they have a busted ass face look at their profile picture stock them a little bit see and evaluate the person that is trying to attack you or speak something over you and like share their opinion that no one asked for like typically when people are like commenting on you or being rude or giving you hate just evaluate them who is speaking and are you of caliber to even speak to me and are you of caliber for me to even trust your judgment it's like these people that comment on my body we're gonna get into it any little Fitness bro that tries to comment on my body or tell me I don't look that good or give me workout advice I just look at them if you don't look better than me I'm not taking your advice it clearly does not work evaluate and assess who is speaking don't just immediately believe what they're saying and like in childhood this is something that you need to break from being a little kid and it's being able to trust the Judgment of your elders and the people who are a little bit older than you because you'll subconsciously start to look to the Judgment of others of your peers and like people your own age when you shouldn't you can't trust people's judgment from my experience from like a long time ago I learned you can't trust no one that's why it's tattooed on my hand I will never trust anyone that includes someone's judgment unless I respect you and there's weight to be held in your words they go off my they go off me what's it called like water off a duck's back the second point I want to hit on is learn how to hold space for two opinions at once so you have a certain opinion of yourself and what you like and what you do and how you look other people are allowed to have other opinions and them both stand both can be right they're an opinion they belong and they are correct to who holds them you might think you look good some Joe Shmoe might think you look bad to him you look bad to you you look good are you gonna choose to throw your opinion and your view and your judgment away because someone doesn't agree don't immediately make someone's opinion hold more weight than yours who the hell are they so that's the biggest thing is just learn to understand that two opinions can exist at the same time without discounting one another just because you think you look good it doesn't discount that he thinks you look bad or if he thinks you look bad it doesn't discount that you think you look good they both can stay there they both can exist which one are you going to choose to listen to and pay attention to which one are you gonna make matter are you gonna make some rando's opinion of you matter or not are you going to make your opinion of you matter more and the people who love you take into account their opinion too don't just don't it away and picking up their opinion oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them now the last little point before we jump into the hate comments is when someone says something or comments on you or sends you hate or like talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can't control if it makes you feel something or not because when I'm going through my Tick Tock account and I see people dogging the hell out of me it makes my chest feel tight and I get a little aggravated sometimes I do have an emotional reaction sometimes a lot of times I'm like whatever but when I do have the little emotional reaction you don't have to do anything about it you can feel something you can feel triggered I don't like to use that word because people so blow it out of proportion but you can feel like an emotional reaction to something and not have to do anything about it it's okay hundreds of people comment on my videos all the time you're gay you're disgusting all this and that like gay gay gay gay that's the most popular comment on my page is these little straight boys just commenting gay why like they mean it to be a hate comment so that's why I see it as a hate comment but sometimes like reading it over and over and over again like I get agitated because I wish you were in front of me because you wouldn't speak but we are on the internet so people do get away with a lot of Sly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but when you do get a little emotionally charged or have an emotional reaction to someone hating on you it's normal and you don't you're allowed to be aggravated you're allowed to be pissed off you're allowed for your feelings to be hurt but what I usually do when I notice something pisses me off a little bit I'm like whatever but if I can't write something off and it kind of like sticks in my mind I'll assess it so I'll ask myself why did this comment in particular bother me is there an insecurity that I haven't dealt with yet around what they just said is it like triggering something I haven't like worked through or become aware of like am I already insecure about something and that's why it's hitting like I'll self-reflect and then I look at their hate comment and I say okay Leo they said this it pissed you off whatever what am I going to do about it am I going to stop doing what I'm doing am I going to stop posting on social media no am I gonna change something that I'm doing because one person out of my three million followers on Tick Tock didn't like it no he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then I'm like okay great let's move forward forget the comment make it productive make it a self-awareness exercise to see why things bother you so bad and then keep your ass on your way keep moving babe you're gonna be just fine just because you feel something doesn't mean you have to act on it and doesn't mean you have to do anything about it you're okay all right now let's read some of these hate comments the first one that I see and it's a whole group of people that I'm gonna attack back right now these Little Gym Bros and the fitness Community these people love to run their little rat mouths and I say rat because they're the size of one they're like five foot seven there are guys that come on my page all the time every single day multiple times a day all of my social media platforms and talk about me not looking that good and me not being in that good of shape a lot of them say you aren't buff you aren't big and all this and that they just run their little mouth so usually what I would do is click on their page and look at them if I looked better than them I would immediately dismiss every single thing that they're saying who are you to speak like I said in the beginning who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you I don't know who made you think you were somebody but by looking at you you don't look like anybody you don't look like me so clearly you're just pissy am I saying I'm the best looking person in the best shape on social media hell no I'm far from it there's plenty of people who look better than me but I realize what I look like and I do look [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good we can't discount that but the other day I had a little realization around these Little Gym Bros and why they get so mad when I post Fitness content because I posted as like a joke and I post like little mic'd ups and I post like certain things here and there and it's obvious that Fitness is a big part of my life and I put a lot of energy and effort and work into my body and anyone in the fitness space puts in the same level of work they know how hard it is so the realization that kind of struck me is a lot of Fitness people are known for their body they're known for the effort and work they put into their Fitness and their goals with that and the way that they look you're known for your body you come across someone like me I look better than most of them so you see someone who's putting in the exact same amount of work as you has better results than you and the thing that you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] known for and I don't even make that my personality all these people's brands are is being a fitness influencer they're known for their body I have the exact results that your full life has revolved around and none of my social media is revolved around my body and my fitness I do the same amount as you in the gym with my diet with training everything is the same mine's a little better because I look better than most of them like I said but they understand the level of work I'm putting in here we match then I I'm not known for just my body like they are I'm known for my podcast I'm known for my personality I'm known for everything under the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sun that is not Fitness I do Fitness sure but that's not all I have and that's not what I'm known for I don't show myself shirtless on social media I can get attention other ways these people have to show their body to get attention or no one will watch them they're not interesting so me putting in the same amount of effort as them and still looking better they're already pissed I'm doing better on social media they're pissed again then I'm not even known for my results and what I put my effort into that's the same as them they're only recognized for that I'm recognized for everything else so I match their work ethic and they know what it takes to be in the gym and look the way that I do and I'm 10 steps ahead because I'm working on 10 times more than they are I have so many more Avenues and so many other things I do that's not even Fitness related that I'm known for so first thing is there in 10 limited by my work ethic because I'm doing exactly what they're doing 10 times more then they're intimidated that my personality is what's gotten me where I am they're over here as dull as a damn donut not even a glazed one nothing even shiny on them they're just boring like a little piece of dough so understanding their perspective and why they're feeling the way that they do people don't attack other people unprovoked they feel provoked am I doing anything to actively provoke them and talk about them or do anything to them no my presence me posting and being who I am and showing the results that I have feels like an attack to them so they're not actually attacking me unprovoked they're attacking me because I'm a mirror reflection of all their insecurities and everything they can't be or achieve I'd be pissed off too but a lot of people get triggered when they feel jealous because jealousy it's powerlessness and that's where anger comes up because when you're jealous you feel like you can't get something that you see that you want that someone else has so they're dealing with feeling powerless and insecure and rage and hate and anger is Gonna Come From that powerlessness so it makes sense why people attack me back to the first point do I trust their judgment no you're just a triggered little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I will never respect someone who can't manage their emotions enough to not unprovoked attack someone because like I said I didn't actually attack them they just feel attacked and that's your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] issue to deal with not mine so whenever someone hates on me I always my brain just does it now I look into why they would be doing it what are you actually commenting about you're not commenting about my body if I look better than you because I don't look good you feel attacked by seeing me and you know how bad it hurts for someone to try and discount the amount of effort you put in the gym you know that I know the same level of work so that's your first thing that you think you can discount and discredit on me is like the work you're doing isn't good you don't look that good you look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when they trying to do they're trying to like slash me where they think it will hurt me so I don't question how I look for one second I have a mirror I have plenty of them I know what I look like and I look at your page and I know what you look like like I said read into who's saying it and look at why they'd be saying it and then also look at what is the point they're actually fighting because they're not fighting that I don't look good okay we all have eyes and this instantly dissolves any chance of me like second guessing my body or what I look like because that's not what they're commenting on that's not why they're commenting that's not the point of why they commented so I throw it out of my head I don't worry about it alright next hate comment that I see all the time is your advice isn't good and you shouldn't be given advice and like all this crap people critique the advice I give all the time and you want to know how I truly do not give a flying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I'm My Own testimony of the advice that I give I have lived my life and figured out and applied what works I'm My Own living testimony of what works and doesn't work I share the things that I've found that work I know how the things that I share and the perspectives that I share and the advice that I share has changed my life and how it's completely flipped the way that I feel and improves my relationship with myself so I have a resource of backing the proof of what I'm saying and I get to feel it so I feel how transformative the advice I give is so whether it's good or not is not in question people saying that they don't like my advice you don't have to and it doesn't mean that it's bad it's just not for you and that's fine but I promise you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyone who watches my podcast and does not like my advice or doesn't like my delivery because I yell too much shut up you whiny little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh my God God people too sensitive these days and I can't stand it toughen up dandelion but people that are looking for advice or any kind of self-help work you think my advice isn't good and so you try and go apply everything else all these little people online are sharing you're gonna try it you're gonna apply it you're gonna realize it didn't work and where are you gonna go right back to me because I got the real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I know that and I can speak with conviction about that because like I said I know how what I share has transformed me you'll be back and that's how I do not let people critiquing the advice that I give sway me or even make me question the advice that I give it's not about you and I'm very selective with the advice that I share have I shared absolutely everything I know no I can't there's not enough time in the world for me to get everything out of my brain into a podcast like that's why I keep doing them I'm never gonna run out of topics I know a lot there's a lot up here so I got a big ass head but anytime I speak I make sure I'm gonna stand on what I've said so I think it through like I make sure the advice that I give and the podcast that I make are good advice that I will stand on I don't look back and regret any of my podcasts do I regret certain ways I've said things or how harsh I've been is there better words I could have used sure but the message was good the advice was good you can cry if you want I'm the number one podcast in education plenty more people agree that my advice is good but these couple little shits that say it's bad okay go think it's bad go watch Jay Shetty like I said when you realize it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advice you'll be back all right the next comment is one that used to get to me a lot but now I genuinely just don't care and it's about my hairline people always always always comment about my hairline like I can't see it girl I know I see it I live with it people literally pointed out like it's something that I haven't been aware of like for a long time it's like saying oh my God your skin is white oh my God thank you so much for telling me uh I haven't been in this body my whole life I never knew my skin was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] white people literally act like they're telling you something you don't already know but like like I said dive into it why are you commenting that why are you saying that because it's not they're trying to let you know they're critiquing you and they're looking for something to pinpoint either to discredit you or they're just so used to nitpicking and critiquing themselves that's just a pattern they've learned and that's how they interact in life you can tell a lot by how someone interacts in life and with other people by how they act toward themselves and it's a reflection it's a mirror so if someone is always treating other people bad they treat themselves the same way if someone is always critiquing someone and making a little judgment and a little like critique every chance they get that's exactly how they are to themselves they're in their own personal hell I know the cause of it they just don't know yet but now you're probably thinking okay Leo how do you not let it impact you and the hairline thing did impact me for a while but now I'm like okay I've tried everything on the market to change my hair make it grow back I've considered getting a hair transplant and just keep buzzing my head because I like the short hair look but am I really going to get a hair transplant just to like keep its shape I don't know maybe my point is I've tried everything on the market to fix it and to make it better it's not gotten better like hair loss is just something that sometimes is untreatable and I'm like okay so accepting the reality that I cannot change it am I gonna let that stop me am I gonna let my hairline stop me from showing up online and making videos and doing what I want to do am I going to walk around embarrassed over something I can't control no literally who cares the least interesting thing about me is my body so even if I look mad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and mangled that's not the point if you are gonna judge something and the message coming out of someone's mouth just because the way they look get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off my page right now I don't want no one like you near here please but I'm not gonna let my hairline hold me back from sharing what I have to share or feeling comfortable like embrace it okay I can't change it what am I gonna do freak out what am I gonna do be insecure and just like be so mad about it and like tell myself it's ugly every chance I get a nitpick myself that's unfair and when you have a good relationship with yourself you cannot continue to beat yourself up over something that you cannot change without that just being abuse that is abuse to continually make fun of yourself every time I got in the mirror if I was like making fun of myself for my hairline for what what's that gonna do I've tried to change it it doesn't change like I literally tried everything you could think of it's not going to change so now what I'm gonna drop the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm gonna drop the attacking myself I'm gonna drop caring about it it is what it is now what are we gonna continue moving forward or are we not you're gonna let a little hairline stop you weak ass I really just think objectively about it like okay and what like I have so many other things that are great why am I just gonna cry about the hairline like who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's really not that bad it's kind of like the same realization I have around like my freckles and my spots like so what I can't change it so instead of looking for more ways to reject it in yourself look for ways to accept it and how could it be okay how could it be okay for my hairline to be receding at 25. it was a start over sitting at 21. but the amount of stress that I went through is what caused that and what I was going through in my life is what caused it my hair to fall out so something bad happening to me I lose my hair over it and then I'm going to continue to nitpick myself and beat myself up and attack myself for as long as I live because of the result of that very unfair don't do that to yourself but now I genuinely do not care what other people think about my hairline like what you think I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I ever get a hair transplant I can afford to get one now I'll get one when I decide to get one no one's opinion is gonna force me to do something I don't want to do if I get a hair transplant it's because I wanted it and I'ma wait till I'm ready and if I'm not ready right now I'm not getting it so that's how I let that not impact me but do I wish it was different yeah but do I attack myself for it no all right now let's jump into the next comment that I get all the time and it's the gay thing like I talked about in the beginning people are always trying to Discount me and discredit me because I'm gay people talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on that constantly and I think it's so funny because I've really taken time to dive in and like look in the psychology behind why someone is so mad about someone being gay like I've learned some things and I'm going to share a couple but the biggest thing I've learned about people commenting that I'm gay and like calling me I don't know if I can say this on YouTube because they'd be demonetizing me every five minutes but like people be commenting like non-stop like multiple times a day every single day I always got something about me being gay and how I'm a disgrace the albanians love to come from here a disgrace you're disgusting you're not really Albanian kill yourself all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like girl you wish but the biggest thing I've come to realize about that is people that try to criticize me and use being gay as a way to discredit me you only feel the need to discredit something when you're intimidated by it think about that for a second because if you look at me I am more of a man than most straight men let's take into account all the characteristics of the one the way that I look two what I've accomplished and what I do for a living and how I've like become successful at such a young age three the way that I talk and the way that I act I'm more tough than most of these little straighty fruit cakes out there they're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they all like getting tucked in bed by their girlfriend at night baby talking to them like they like to be all tough stuff like they're all cool and straight and they're more of a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in bed than their girlfriend like please ugh and also most of my supporters are girls and they're hot as hell you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are hot and these men are mad about it oh I love it I eat it up like I have so many hot girl supporters and like these men get mad because they see all trying to convert me in my comments like they see me getting praise from all these women I am a reflection of everything these straight men wish they were they wish they were as tough as me they wish they were as tall as me they wish they looked like me they wish they had girls in the amount that I have gawking after them and like eating up anything that they do and just endlessly loving them and supporting them they wish they had what I have and so much more and the balls to follow and do what I want to do so that's the main thing so a lot of little straight men see us on a pedestal I'm up here with everything that they see and everything that they want I've already beat them big time so what do they do they see this disconnect they see me so above them they have to find something to discredit me so they feel better about being in the position that they're in so they're like oh he's gay and they try and discredit me because they think being gay discounts everything that I have everything that I am the way that I look the things that I know they think gay is weak so they try and use that to discredit everything that proves I'm not weak these men can't hold space to even imagine me and my potential and who I actually am they're so intimidated by it they can't see what's in their face because they take it as such an attack like to see that someone like me exists who is so much better and stronger than them and more of a man than it will ever be and I'm gay like it's a mind [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because straight men are taught that being gay is weak so you automatically see me as weaker than you but I'm better than you in all of these areas I see why you're freaking out I see why you feel so attacked and triggered and why you feel so overwhelmed by emotion you have to attack me and discredit me it speaks more about you than me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you know what I don't do go around commenting hate on people because I can control my emotions rat and the other thing I realized with this is courage a lot of these men don't have the courage to do anything that I do I have the courage to put myself online I have the courage to pursue what a lot of these people dream of and wish they had the balls to do and they already feel weak about it see so when they see me like exhibiting so much courage they get even more down on themselves oh my god look I just have to attack me to feel better girl you fighting with a brick wall I don't care but with the courage thing let's break that down a little further with me expressing who I truly am I am gay and I'm open about it and I'm accepting of that in myself and I am courageous enough to go against societal Norms like it's normal and expected to be straight like four straighties like they're taught being gay is wrong being straight is right most straight men will not do anything against what society says is right you have to be a man you have to be tough you have to do this and do that like they follow these little guidelines they make for themselves and they do not do anything to risk rejection they're so disconnected from the way that they feel they don't follow what truly makes them happy or what they want they don't even know what makes them happy they're so void of all their emotions like they just I'm just tough for having me cigar and I drink me some whiskey and go to bed please they do the weirdest Behavior oh my God like they cope and they're just like they'll get part of it but why am I making them Hicks why do I make all straight men country they're just the loudest homophobic ones and maybe the most undercover gay I used to live by Alabama I know a lot of them is a little fruit in a cup but with them not being able to risk following the way that they feel to do anything that they like or want to try that might make them look a little feminine or be against the societal Norms of what a man should be they would not dare take that risk so when you have me over here who just Embraces that risk and doesn't care I have no fear of being rejected they have so much fear of being rejected and I'm over here just living my life doing my thing don't give [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I just do what I want to do and I don't care if I'm rejected or not I live without fear and that's something that takes courage and that's something they don't have you see how me just being me is so goddamn triggering I kind of eat it up I'm a mirror of everything you need to work on you insecure little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'm gonna take this one step further with the rejection thing of how you treat things in yourself is how you're gonna treat it when you see other people doing it so if you might have feelings of being gay or have feelings of taking risks and wanting to go against societal Norms if you turn against yourself and say no that's bad you can't do that like and you just shove it down and you're like no you can't do that and you like hide it when someone gay pops up in front of you or someone who is willing to take the risks that you're not willing to for rejection pops up in front of you you're gonna treat them exactly how you just treated all those things inside you so if you have feelings of being gay that you've shoved down and you think are disgusting you're gonna be disgusted when you see it if you've convinced yourself it's bad and it's wrong you're gonna shame them it's bad it's wrong if you've shoved down the thoughts that you have of trying things that go against societal norms and you see someone else embracing that you're gonna treat that part of them how you treated that part of You by shutting it down by telling them it's bad by telling them it's stupid so when people are commenting about you being gay it's not about you being gay at all it's about what it reflects to them and what it reflects that they aren't and what it reflects to them that they've suppressed which is a lot and the next comment I get all the time it's kind of like goes off on like being gay people always say I'm gonna go to hell and I need to repent and pray because I'm gonna go to hell for being gay why did that rhyme but know that ass people always comment that I'm going to hell for being gay like all the time like it's really crazy how much I see it but a lot of people cannot understand how I'm willing to choose my consequences if living my life and following what makes me happy and making my time on this Earth the most enjoyable I can as it falls in with my values and morals for me to choose to live my life as me and as authentic and if part of that is being gay I will take the consequence of my soul going to hell I've thought this through I don't really believe in the concept of hell but I am strong enough and I'm accountable enough to know if I do these actions and this is the potential consequence I choose the consequence so if I'm going to hell so be it I'm not scared I'll sit there and Burn For Eternity I'm not the type to live my life and avoid things because of fear I don't do that and other people cannot grasp that concept they cannot even entertain the thought that I am not terrified they are so run by my God I can't do this I can't do that like I'm gonna go to hell like their their life is an avoidance of everything that they want and desire and things that they want to do because they're fearing a consequence you're not living your life you're avoiding what you've been taught to fear that's not a life so you think you're living you're not and the way this doesn't bother me at all anymore is because I've thought it through I've assessed this for myself if there is a heaven in hell and I'm gonna go to hell for being gay okay so be it but people hear that and they're like oh you can't imagine how bad it is oh my God it's the worst torment of ever like you're gonna be there forever and you're gonna be tormented till the end of time they hear me be so confident in my decision and then they try further to push their fear onto me and make it sound so much worse so I will bend because they've instilled fear in me to act the way that they want me to act that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] manipulation and I don't listen to it I have assessed this for myself I don't care people that are commenting you're going to hell you live a powerless little life you're spineless and I'm not taking advice from you you're running around so scared to live your own life like I said in the beginning of this episode assess who's making these claims do I trust the Judgment of someone who is living their life just avoiding something that they fear no I don't trust you no I don't respect you no I don't care what you have to say therefore it's wiped out if I go to hell I'll burn for eternity but see you there you hate a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the next comment is something that I've been seeing recently and it genuinely tickles me but baffles me even more it's a perfect example of the pot calling the kettle black and this is just gonna tickle you when I tell you but recently there have been a few transgender people commenting on my Tick Tock because I was open about doing steroids and I talked about my cycle on my Tick Tock and all that and I was like open about it because so many people lie and spread all this misinformation so I just was honest about my experience with it and how it was going I was not promoting it I was sharing what I was doing I wasn't giving advice now a couple of transgender people were attacking me and saying how it's wrong for me to use hormones to change my body and what are you doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that just makes me giggle so hard I'm not taking a single thing you have to say seriously and I've blocked a lot of them because why the hell are you commenting that on my page you're doing the exact same thing you are using hormones and chemicals to change the way your body looks so it better suits the way you want it to look and how you feel I don't want to be a scrawny little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so if I take some hormones and use that to boost what I'm already doing to look the way I want to look so be it you're doing the exact same thing you're transitioning your whole gender I'm putting a little muscle on and leaning down that one made me giggle like I pissed myself laughing like the lack of self-awareness like girl make sure your porch is clean before you tell me mine is dirty because you look dumb I'm bald but I'm not a bozo but you are all right the next comment that I get all the time is people saying that I'm insecure where and it's usually when I talk about relationship advice or how I am and what I look for in a relationship and people love to run their mouth about it but what people fail to realize is we don't have the same experiences or the same perspectives so what you see as insecure I don't see as insecure people just immediately see something unhealthy in a relationship or see me doing something like when I talk about testing people you're gonna prove yourself to me before I let you close to me people call that insecure when you don't do that I look at it like you're naive you look at it like it's healthy we have different perspectives because we have different experiences I'm happy no one has broken your trust to the point where you cannot trust anyone I'm so happy you don't have those experiences but you're dealing with someone who does and what I choose to do to feel safe is different than insecure by my definition are there times where I do have insecurity yeah but I've already like assessed that and processed that you have it you've been taught what's healthy and unhealthy in relationships and run around labeling things that's insecure that you don't understand you lack objectivity and you lack General understanding you can't even hold space for another person's perspective or see why what they're saying makes sense that's why I immediately wipe out anytime someone calls me insecure you think it's insecure I don't see how I talked about holding space for two different opinions you're allowed to have your opinion like I said you think what you're doing is healthy I think it's naive you think what I'm doing is I don't and that is because we have different experiences and that's because I've assessed everything that I do and go through and why I do things why I go through a partner's phone or track their ass that's a different topic though it's not because I'm insecure I look at it like it's a fact check I'm checking to see if you're lying I'm not I'm not trusting that's the thing if I'm insecure on anything it's that people will tell me the truth because I've had a life of experience where people don't that's not insecurity that's a track record that has caused me to be the way that I am and the way that I seek safety you need to understand that's what it is when I seek security and safety and I'm assessing if someone is good and capable of caring about me before I bring them close to me and assessing if they're going to hurt me or not these people lack the understanding that you need to do that you cannot just be so open and trusting with everyone and let everyone in let everyone know your secrets you need to be protective of yourself you need to be guarded you need to assess someone for the standards that you have and part of my standards are a screening mechanism to see if someone meets the requirements of able to provide safety and be safe to care about call it what you want but you can't get in my head because I've taken accountability and I've assessed and taken time to understand everything that I do and why I do it so that's like the biggest thing with handling hate you need to make like an airport security in your mind but before you let something someone says come into you and hit you you need a wall of Defense you need something to screen it you need to assess is it even accurate is it true is there any validity in it before you let it pass through to hit you you need a wall of armor mentally and emotionally from people running their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mouths and that's what genuinely helped me be less insecure I don't just ignore everything everyone says I have a screening process for it and I only let things in that I've filtered out that are not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and are valid like if someone I respect and look up to criticizes me or says something anyone above you or anyone that's genuinely looking out for you is not gonna criticize you in a hateful way they'll wrap it up in a way you can understand that it's constructive they're not just gonna talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's one thing to remember no one above you is talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on you because they know what it takes for you to be where you are they know how hard it is they know the struggle they've been through it when someone's above you or achieved more than you or looks better than you they know what it's like and they know what you're going through hate comments come from ugly people inside and out they don't get it no one ahead of you is talking about you trust me that's where a lot of your hate can be wiped out assess who is saying it assess who is making these claims about you that something is bad or wrong I don't want to say nine times out of ten like 999 times out of a thousand the person is not of caliber they're not of quality they're not anyone worth the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to even listen to that's why they need to scream so they can feel heard intimidated people are the loudest remember that okay the next day this one's funny the next high comment I have comes from my Instagram because recently I've been posting furniture for sale on my story for people in Houston whoever wants to buy it because I'm trying to get rid of some stuff because I'm moving and the couple of people literally swiped up on my stories and were like love you but your taste in Furniture is awful like and just dogging the furniture that I have and saying that it's disgusting and it's ugly and I have no taste and I'm wasting my money and all this and that girl what do I do first thing assess who's saying it I go look at their page and a lot of these people's houses look like a literal Ikea showroom and not the cute part like the shitty part like you just have the most basic ass Rooms To Go ass looking furniture that's what you think good design and good interior is and that's what good Furniture is to you of course you think my taste is bad that's your taste my furniture looks nothing like that I don't like that style I like 70s 80s post-modern for people to comment on my taste in Furniture do I immediately get insecure that oh my god do I actually have bad taste in Furniture is my stuff ugly no I picked it out because I like it I was matching my furniture to my taste not their taste if it was to their taste I'd have an LED stripper on my room like a goddamn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boy no baby I don't do that and for people that think Rooms To Go type Furniture is like good and nice and stylish clearly we have differing opinions we have different likes and dislikes and for someone to like that reveals how your brain works and the fact that you're trying to attack me for it because I don't match yours and you think your opinion is the only one that stands and everyone else is wrong you're not someone whose judgment I can trust therefore it's wiped out it don't matter all right the last day coming is one that almost got to me and almost made me a little like ooh but I quickly reworked it in my mind and it didn't impact me at all I actually kind of like liked it so someone on my Zak sang podcast episode if you guys didn't know I was on Zach sang show I'll put the link in the description you can watch it but I was on his podcast episode and I thought it was good it was funny and some guy commented on that video just like ripping me and like talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then he was like you're so immature and you're gonna look back and be so embarrassed about how you acted and that's where I say assess the Judgment whose judgment are you gonna listen to don't assume somebody has better judgment than you just because they say something I don't trust people's judgment until your judgment is proven trust worthy so for someone to say you're gonna look back and be embarrassed by your behavior a lot of people would immediately be like oh my God I did something wrong I did something bad and like start to get insecure about it I'm self-aware enough to know the way that I act and the way that I behave and I'm proud of it and for him saying you're gonna be embarrassed in the future about how you acted today I hope so I am a whole new person every three months I look back on things I posted three six months ago and I cringe and that's what I want I want to be developing and growing and improving and changing that fast that I look back and cringe I hope I look back on my behavior and I'm embarrassed by it because it means I've leveled up I'm not scared of cringing at myself I want to because it's proof and like validation of how much I've changed and improved like I'm excited to look back and be embarrassed I don't think I will be because I know what the hell I'm saying I don't say things I don't stand on but that comment like a lot of people would get really insecure about it so I wanted to share my kind of perspective on it is if someone says something like that to you you better hope you look back and be embarrassed to your behavior it means you've done good it means you've grown it means you've learned it means you've changed so I hope I look back and I'm embarrassed because it will mean that I've learned more and that's what I'm doing I'm always on a mission to learn more I literally read like a book a week with everything that I do I still be listening to audiobooks like I'm a busy little bee I learn all the time I love learning I love exploring New Perspectives but that's just what I wanted to throw in here if anyone's saying that to you hope for it hope that you learn so much and improve so much that you look back and are embarrassed and your new threshold of what's good is raised so high because like I'm at my threshold now of what I think is good so it's just going to get higher from here so when I look back and I'm like that means I've leveled up if you want to follow me on Instagram and Tick Tock and all my social media I will link it in the description for you I'll also put the link to my merch and my app positive Focus so you can go download it get some positive notifications to your phone like I'm in your pocket but if you enjoyed this video and you learned something leave it a thumbs up and leave me a comment down below if you're watching on YouTube and if you're listening to the audio version of this podcast hey babe you know the drill you know how we talk every week about giving me a five star rating yeah run that back do that please that is all I have for this episode so everyone be safe take care of yourself and I will talk to you guys next Sunday

  Top Comments:
  1. @awareandaggravated [164 likes]: I joined Snapchat 👀 Sharing more of my day to day on there 👻leoskepi
  2. @KittieKween [1 likes]: A helpful thing that I realised is that secure people don't hate on other beautiful beings. I believe everyone is beautiful, unless they're plagued with insecurities and/or an ugly heart.
  3. @jordanmitchell9742 [1 likes]: Haters wanna be YOU that’s the problem! Their problem not ours!
  4. @embla2357: i love this video dude, fuck those hatersss
  5. @embla2357: When you slap back and they screenshot and post it on story it’s so disgusting
  6. @meisunmuse: “i’m more of a man than most “straight men” 😂 FACTS KING.
  7. @ReinventingTasia: Excellent video❤Thank you.
  8. @LegacysKloset: Keep the videos coming .. i love it here ... ..
  9. @alysonk7888: "Go watch Jay Shetty" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  10. @realityisbiblicalknowthat: Whoever has any hate towards themselves and to others, seek BIBLE lessons - Mattew 7:7 KJV
And know, there is foolish hate and rightseous hate, man is to know the difference.
Each man is:  (bible is to study - 2 tim. 2:15 KJV) cause it teaches a lot. 
 Psalms 139:14 KJV
    I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.	
 Psalms 139:21 KJV
    Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?	
 Proverbs 8:13 KJV
    The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.	
 1 John 3:13 KJV
    Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.	
 Psalms 119:163 KJV
    I hate and abhor lying: but thy law do I love.	
Psalms 119:113 KJV
    SAMECH. I hate vain thoughts: but thy law do I love.	
 Psalms 119:104 KJV
    Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way.	
 Psalms 101:3 KJV
    I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it shall not cleave to me.	
 Proverbs 8:36 KJV
    But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.	
 John 7:7 KJV
    The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.	
 Proverbs 1:22 KJV
    How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?

Robert Breaker - Gino Jennings - Stephen Darby Ministries
  11. @AngelofPestilence-es1jn: 👏👏👏👏 bro you are awesome. this is hands down the best YouTube video I have seen dealing with haters. I get a very clear split of lovers and haters for my music. I just started building YouTube/tik tok/insta and I am female hip hop artist. for about two weeks there was shares, but silence/no commentary/ few if no no likes, after 1 month all of sudden I started getting more views and getting attacked. it was very shocking for content that was non polarizing. I have visible abs, (4 out of 6) which is already very difficult for a woman. It's hilarious when these faceless people attack my body because they have lost at every single point they were trying to make. like, where is your pic bro? are you fitter than me? you have no idea what it takes to be at this fat percentage as a woman who is 5.8, and as a woman trying to hip hop. I have had very hostile reactions to my rap which were none polarizing and I can't make sense of it. you are jacked my friend, so I totally resonate with what you said about bodies. small bros/overwieght bros trying to comment on people who wouldnt even look there way in normal life. anyway, I killed the stranger with kindness and he ended up apologizing and admitting he was a bit bitter about life. I always look at my haters and they are always faceless people with nothing going on in their life. This guy tried to say you have no cadence, no flow, you look like shit, you sound like shit, I've worked with legendary rappers. I was like where are these legendary rappers? why aren't you famous? why does my existence bother you so much, I must actually be VERY good at rap if you have to go on multiple essays trying to convince me im bad when you haven't amounted to anything in life. lol lmfao - "go watch Jay Shetti" 100 man 100. Jay Shetti so full of ****.
  12. @Therichlewi: Sometime you need to react. Not everybody deserves grace
  13. @MayBeeCat: Thanks mate💕 this video is awesome💪
  14. @giancarloguzman_777: Watching this October 23, 2025. I’ve been starting my mornings by watching Leo for the past couple months and it sets a positive/productive vibe for the day. Thank you bro
  15. @davidarchino9675: gay! 

just kidding - ur my goat. wishing you nothing but success
  16. @NusratChoya: Leo you're best that's why people are just jealous of you😂😂❤❤ as a girl i genuinely love you as a fellow human being..
  17. @alexisHarmon-t3o: I feel like family has the WORSE opinions and are usually the most jealous I’ve gotten more hate from my family than random people on the street
  18. @earthbabyem: I love you omg
  19. @loveluv: Your advice is spot on and applies to my life. Thank you. Fuck the haters
  20. @Notagain-A54: They hate me for nothing and I clearly don't care😂🖕

- I Wrote a Song Using Only Hate Comments 2 (Madilyn Bailey): Kind: captions Language: en as your mom I feel like I should say don't don't go on the internet and be a troll no trolling on the internet okay but also thank the haters for this song booger says shout out to the haters part two my mom thinks you've just got killed my mom thinks you just got by a cat they hauled this song away in a body bag ear murder eat a burger why do you make every song sad her sound is so trash her voice is very bad bad very very bad very very very very I would feel bad for my neighbors if I did this to them. you can't sing She's so overrated Am I the only one who really hates her? I don't understand the hype. I'm sorry I just unsubscribed. You make the worst covers ever song destroying machine I'd like to hear her singing in front of me I know it'd be lame totally lame If you're looking for advice, even though you suck at singing don't try so hard Leave earth, just stop, Quit YouTube if it doesn't work out you can always try corn The way she sings this song is exaggerated She's so overrated. I used to love this song, but now I hate it. I'm sorry I just unsubscribed. Jfla is better than you. I said JFla is way better I sing way better than you. My dog sings better than you. Even my cat sings better than you in case you were thinking oh my gosh there were so many hate comments in her last hate comment song there's no way she could possibly have enough hate comments to make a second song I just proved you wrong I wanted to take this moment to say mad fam thank you so much for all the amazing comments that you do leave I know I'm highlighting some of the worst of the worst comments that I get but I get a lot of amazing comments every single day and that's what I love so much about this community that we've created online is that this is a safe place to listen to music and be ourselves thank you mad fam for allowing me to do that and once again I have no idea how to end this video bye see you later I love you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MadilynBailey [18000 likes]: 24 Million views?!? thanks for all the love MadFam!❤
Stream this song ‘She’s So Overrated’ and the rest of my comment songs here! https://open.spotify.com/album/47fEKNMEr7PibTthZ9NU3b?si=Tya6fqY4TOiW1IZsY89Zuw&dl_branch=1
  2. @Starlight123-y4x [3 likes]: She is soo brave
  3. @JaneetaLimSiahaan [1 likes]: don't sad I love you
  4. @JaneetaLimSiahaan [1 likes]: your voice so good❤
  5. @Kara-wof [1 likes]: Haters gonna hate you're going to keep growing and getting even better you're amazing and those trolls  are like bullies they just want attention..... Well they got it just not in the way they thought! Imagine how embarrassed they feel saying how great she does with these songs 💗
  6. @gelivictoriasithole2971 [1 likes]: Just hated I literally just hate it guys don’t get me wrong I actually hate it
  7. @lexynrhaineinfante7295 [1 likes]: don't listen that was a great song 😊❤🎉
  8. @Jameszach-u1g: Perfect voice I'll subscribe I'll replace that says sorry i just unsubscribed I'll replace him ok btw your voice is good
  9. @SK-Shoppping: Nice❤
  10. @SelenaBoggetto: This songs fire 🔥 😊
  11. @ChrisJupinka: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @RudeusGreyrat-v7p: ITS AMAZING 🤩
  13. @AaditriMukherjee-r4i6j: Your singing is the besttttt ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @HarleIsmerin: Soo good🥰🥰💜💜💙💙🖤🖤
  15. @maxi.98: dang 1:25
  16. @SunNmoon117: you have a beautiful vocie i love you you are a asome singer
  17. @Couchnugget11: My raycons have 4 dots to show the battery, which is useful, but its not a display. I actually prefer no display because they dont allow screens (other than chromebooks) at my school
  18. @GigiGigi-z5r: DONT Listen to theeeem ur so goooood!!!🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
Im sorry NOT HATE!! I saw a comment that said don't take this as hate...
Mehh he said sum ugly thins SOOO 
THEN AGAIN YOUR SONGS ARE REALLY GOOOOOD❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉!!!!!
  19. @AshwaniMaurya-ph3vs: This one has vibe of taylor swift ❤😅😅😅. Forgive people who have bad taste.
  20. @GillianPaygane: even the haters give her an idea, nice and i feel like comfortable or something.

- Early Release: Madilyn Bailey Sings a Song Made of Hate Comments - America's Got Talent 2021: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Hi. - What's your name? - My name is Madilyn Bailey. I am originally from Wisconsin, born and raised in a very tiny town where there were more cows than human beings. [laughter] - So why "AGT"? - I mean, the dream for me is to sing songs that I've written, that I love, get it out to as many people in the world as possible, yeah. - So what are you gonna do for us tonight? What is this song tonight? - Yeah, with posted content on the Internet, inevitably comes the trolls. And so I thought I would take the hate comments from my YouTube videos and turn them into a song. - That's a good idea. - Wow. - Thank you. - So tonight you're gonna take ugliness and make it beautiful. Can't wait to hear the song. - Go ahead. [cheers and applause] [rock music playing] ♪ - ♪ My mom thinks you just got killed by a cat ♪ ♪ They hauled this song away in a body bag ♪ ♪ Ear murder ♪ Eat a burger ♪ Why do you make every song sad? ♪ ♪ Her sound is so trash, her voice is very bad ♪ ♪ Bad, very, very bad ♪ Very, very, very, very, very bad ♪ ♪ I would feel bad for my neighbors ♪ ♪ If I did this to them ♪ You can't sing ♪ She's so overrated ♪ Am I the only one who really hates her? ♪ ♪ I don't understand the hype ♪ I'm sorry, I just unsubscribed ♪ ♪ You make the worst covers ever ♪ ♪ Song-destroying machine ♪ I'd like to hear her singing in front of me ♪ ♪ I know it'd be lame ♪ Totally lame ♪ If you're looking for advice ♪ ♪ Even though you suck at singing ♪ ♪ Don't try so hard ♪ Leave Earth, just stop, quit YouTube ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ The way she sings this song is exaggerated ♪ ♪ I used to love this song, but now I hate it ♪ ♪ This song makes me want to die ♪ ♪ Why, oh, why? Oh, why? ♪ ♪ Oh, why, oh, why, oh, why? ♪ Oh why, oh, why does anybody like this? ♪ ♪ Don't confuse this comment for hate ♪ ♪ But that said, this sucks big sweaty ♪ ♪ With a side of nachos [wild cheering] - Well done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vasusareen8990 [1 likes]: CREATIVITY AT ITS PEAK
  2. @AthenaCabais-u7g [1 likes]: I love her voice it's so soft and sounds like an angel singing in my ear we love you madylin❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊❤😊😊❤😊❤😊❤😊😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊❤😊
  3. @Paleo-Noel-Z.Workshop-Explain: Poor her 😢
  4. @THEREYMAN985: before AI songs we had her
  5. @hurricanealberto2000: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😮❤😮❤😮❤😮❤😂😂😂😂😊😊
  6. @SpikeLoops123: Anyone in 2026
  7. @KayleeWhitlow-c4z: I literally just watched it just now on tv
  8. @LylYee-w9e: Just quit already. I hâte your vids
  9. @fatimaagbaria3118: How can they even say that her voice is the best iv ever seen
  10. @Please-j7l: Did she get the golden confetti?
  11. @fasadi1477: Nahh its amazing i love it the song and voice is everything it makes me imagine my pre primary teacher left the school she hasn't came back now I'm in highschool I just move it so happy
  12. @fasadi1477: Its act good they are just jealous
  13. @ArielleLangtimm-x9o: 😮 I just love it
  14. @MouengSitha: Helow
  15. @Leiasuper163: She is the best
  16. @DAILYVLOG-i6i: It's not a way that i just 😡 angry
  17. @AaronJeffrey-m5m: When she said eat a burger
  18. @AaronJeffrey-m5m: It is sick I love it
  19. @AaronJeffrey-m5m: Dude her voice is insane
  20. @AsriRosli-sj2eg: Please make a song from good comments

- How to Collaborate on YouTube (Step-by-Step): Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Ty here. Hope you're doing well. And in this video, I'm going to talk to you about the new YouTube collaborations feature that just rolled out. So, I just got access to it yesterday. And the way it works is it lets you when you post content, tag other creators on the platform to help with reach and distribution, which is a really cool feature that we've just not had before on YouTube. So, I'm going to show you how to access it in the YouTube studio, what it looks like to tag another person, what it looks like once you're tagged, and then just kind of give you the nuts and bolts of what happens behind the scenes. So, the first thing to note is when you're in the YouTube studio, if you come into any of your old videos or when you're uploading a brand new video, when you're in the details of the video itself, there's a brand new option. You got to scroll down a little bit to find it, but you'll see collaboration right here. And then you'll see this button that says invite a collaborator. And when you click on that, this then allows you to search for a channel. So I'm just going to use my friend Rob as an example here. You can pick him. And then you have the option of if you want to tag this person to give them access to viewing the analytics of a particular video or not. So we'll just turn this on. It's a quick toggle. Then you do create link. Now what will happen is I'll have to get this link and give it to Rob. And then what Rob has to do is click on the link and then accept that he wants to be tagged on this piece of content. If he doesn't want to be tagged on it, he doesn't have to. It's up to him and his discretion if he wants to. Now, ideally, you're not just out there tagging people left and right to try and gain access to their viewers because ultimately it should be a collaboration of some sorts. If you think about maybe a live stream where it's you and another person and you're interviewing each other or vice versa, that would be a great use of a collaboration. If you reach out to other creators in your space, people that you want to network with and you jointly work on a piece of content together that you're both featured in, that would be another great use of a collaboration. So, this is how you would effectively set it up and include that other person as a collaborator. And you can include up to five people, which is actually pretty cool. So, in this case, I'm just going to cancel it because I actually don't want to tag Rob on this video. But, let me show you what happens in the YouTube studio when somebody tags you and you accept. Under content here, you'll notice there's a brand new column called collaborations. And when you click on that, you'll see any videos that other creators have tagged you on. And I'll just give you my two examples here. So, here's a video of um Jay, who's another creator in my space, who invited me on to one of his live streams. We had a bit of an interview session and he's gone ahead and tagged me on that video. So now, ideally, in a perfect world, my viewers would now get access to this piece of content that lives on Jay's channel. It might be part of um, you know, the recommendation system. Another example here is OldMe Living Better. So, Mike Beer, for those of you who know, he mentioned me in this video, uh, talked a little bit about a playlist that I had built, and then he tagged me as well as a collaborator. So, we'll have to see how these videos do in terms of viewership and reach and bringing in each other's audiences. But that's effectively how you would come in and look at the different pieces of content that you've been tagged on. And what you'll notice with Jay's, he didn't actually give me access to the analytics. So, the options I have here are to manage the connection, in which case I can withdraw, or I can just quickly watch the video on YouTube. But with Mike, he actually gave me access to viewing the analytics. So, when I click the analytics icon, I get pulled in to view this video's analytics as if it were my own. Now, I won't have access to any like monetization. I won't see any ad uh ad revenue or things like that, but I can see the views, the watch time, I can see the reach, the engagement, a lot of the same stuff that you would be able to see if it were your own video on your own channel. So, that's the backend view of what it looks like inside your YouTube studio. Let me show you what it looks like when you're out there watching YouTube videos and you happen to notice a video that has a collaboration in it. So, here's an example of Mr. Beast and Mark Robber. You can see here um in the search results that they're both listed as the essentially the creator of the video. You do see their icons individually next to each other and you see their names, Mark Robber and Mr. Beast. Now, when you click on this, you're given access to click on either one of them and if you do, it'll pull you up to their YouTube channel. So, when you click into the video itself to watch, you'll notice down here, you can see again both of their icons plus both of their channel names. And when you click either the channel names here or the subscribe button here, you are then presented with a popup that gives you the ability to subscribe to either channel or both channels. All you got to do is click subscribe just like that. And boom, you're subscribed to both channels. So again, the benefit here is that if you are collaborating with somebody, um, and they then click on a viewer of theirs that's watched a lot of their content, but maybe not any of your content, they would then gain access to you. They'd be able to see who you are. They'd see your profile picture. They'd see your channel name, and they would be given an access to a subscribe button to click and be a subscriber on your channel if they chose uh if they, you know, chose to. So that's kind of the high level of how it works. Here's the nuts and bolts behind the scenes. So, the things to know about this is that revenue, watch time, and views all stay with the person who hosts the video. Just because you get tagged on it doesn't mean you get to share in any of those things. So, it's still very much whoever owns the video on their channel. The person who uploads the video still gets to manage the video entirely. They get to play with all the settings, the titles, the thumbnails. as a collaborator, as someone who's been tagged, really the only benefit you are getting is potential access to that person's audience, which in of itself is a really amazing perk. So, if you're teaming up with someone who's maybe a bit further along than you, who has a larger audience, then there's some great exposure opportunities for that person's audience to then get exposure to you and your channel, which can really help with views. So, all that to say, this is a really great feature and a really good way to encourage networking, partnerships with other creators, and just trying to think a little bit more creatively about how to come up with content ideas and how to maybe split the load with two or three different content creators to make a single video um as a way of like helping each other's channels get exposure to each other. So, I just think this is a really cool enhancement. It just rolled out. Let me know in the comments below, how are you guys thinking about using this? Do you have any really clever use cases that I haven't thought of or mentioned? Leave a comment below. I'd love to hear from you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ty_Myers [17 likes]: Are you planning to use this feature? If so, let me know how below! Personally, I think it’s pretty cool and look forward to using it more.
🎯 What’s holding your channel back? Take the free quiz: https://tymyersmedia.com/take-the-quiz
👉 Work with me 1:1 to grow and monetize your YouTube channel: https://momentum-builder.tymyersmedia.com
  2. @AllisonandJamesSailing [2 likes]: So does your video show up on the other collaborators feed too?You mentioned being able to create a playlist on your own channel, but I’m curious how it shows up on the other creators feed…
  3. @HeyRONNIEJR [2 likes]: To receive the collaboration is it from that email or in that collaboration section in your dashboard that you showcased. I believe you had two up there, one w analytics and one without
  4. @Innieramen [2 likes]: How do u do that??
  5. @brownhusky-o3l [1 likes]: Can someone explain how please 🙏
  6. @RodneyShag [1 likes]: Why doesn't the video show up on both channels?
  7. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: Thank you ❤
  8. @JABOY_JAMEL: I would say if 2 ppl made 2 different videos then collab would help like say if one guy helps with disassembly 
And 1 does a different task
  9. @TheCraneMan: I won't touch that collab bro, I want my channel safe
  10. @SimonFMNash: This feature is a complete DISGRACE! Instagram does this properly, Youtube does not. 'Collaborator' is completely pointless, its just the same as a tag. The video should appear on both channels, it does not.
  11. @UncleFjester: This "collaborations" is useless TBH
  12. @feel_in_fine: thanks!
  13. @thembinkosisabelomchunu2042: This is game changing
  14. @eternalheartrants: Can someone tell me how to join emoji cat duets? Idk how!!
  15. @DarkCrimeStories99: Thank you.
  16. @ALE_DRINKER: I’m making plans to try this with another channel soon
  17. @Gaunerh: Thanks for explaining it
  18. @UltraEvolution: There should be a collaboration request panel somewhere there instead of sharing the link everytime to be accepted
  19. @fatherpet: Good.thanks
  20. @usmanmajid7837: The most important question is: does your video (smaller channnel) appear on the home feed of the person you’re collaborating with (bigger channel) so that all of their subscribers can find your video as well?

Otherwise I feel like this is missing the entire point. I’m collaborating with a 2.8 million subscriber channel soon, but unless the collaboration shows up on their subscriber feeds it won’t benefit me too much in terms of views.

- How to Add Collaborators to a YouTube Video: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Max Dalton, and in this video I'll show you&nbsp; how to add collaborators to a YouTube video. Step 1. Open a web browser, navigate to YouTube&nbsp; Studio, and then click "Content" in the menu&nbsp;&nbsp; on the left side of the screen. A list of&nbsp; your YouTube channel content is displayed. Step 2. Hold your cursor over the video&nbsp; you want to add a collaborator to,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then click the "Edit" icon. A window&nbsp; opens showing details for that video. Step 3. Scroll down this menu until&nbsp; you get to the Collaboration section,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then click "Invite a Collaborator." Step 4. Search for the channel name you want&nbsp; to invite as a collaborator on this video. In&nbsp;&nbsp; this example I'll search for Rob Unwraps, and then&nbsp; I'll click to select him. Quick shout out to Rob,&nbsp;&nbsp; go and check out his great gaming content&nbsp; on YouTube and TikTok. After you select a&nbsp;&nbsp; collaborator, you can choose whether you want&nbsp; to allow them to view analytics for this video.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should be aware that even if you give them&nbsp; the ability to view analytics for this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; they won't be able to see any revenue&nbsp; information. Click "Create Link" when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're finished. A window pops up with a link&nbsp; you'll need to share with this collaborator. Step 5. Copy the provided link, and then send it&nbsp; to this person. The status of this collaboration&nbsp;&nbsp; will show as pending acceptance until the other&nbsp; creator accepts it. After the other person&nbsp;&nbsp; accepts the collaboration request, their status&nbsp; will change to show as an active collaborator. Now, when you publish this video, it will be&nbsp; promoted to both channel audiences. Both channels&nbsp;&nbsp; will be displayed below the video, and a subscribe&nbsp; button for each channel will also be shown. If you change your mind and want to&nbsp; remove someone as a collaborator,&nbsp;&nbsp; all you need to do is click the vertical&nbsp; ellipses, and then click "Remove." Let me know if this video helped you out in the&nbsp; comments below. If you liked what you saw here,&nbsp;&nbsp; click the video links on the right side of the&nbsp; screen to check out another video, or click the&nbsp;&nbsp; logo on the left side of the screen to check&nbsp; out my tutorial website at www.maxdalton.how.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaxDalton [3 likes]: Shop featured deals on Amazon and save up to 40%! https://amzn.to/4bROQsO (affiliate)

Tools I use to make YouTube videos:
Network Storage (Synology NAS): https://amzn.to/433odwl (affiliate)
Microphone: https://amzn.to/4d92RRo (affiliate)
Laptop: https://amzn.to/3Z34fPV (affiliate)
MX Master Mouse: https://amzn.to/4h5L7rY (affiliate)
Headphones: https://amzn.to/4h7u3Cd (affiliate)
TubeBuddy: https://www.tubebuddy.com/pricing?a=MaxDalton (affiliate)

DISCLAIMER: This video and description contains affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of the product links, I’ll receive a small commission. This help support the channel and allows us to continue to make videos like this. Thank you for the support!
  2. @poetsgarden1 [2 likes]: Thanks for talking at a regular speed and not hyper fast like so many
  3. @poetsgarden1 [1 likes]: Thanks for starting the video without a long intro.  After I select invite, and it says pending, do I still need to email the link or do something else with the link?
  4. @dontmissthelittlethings [1 likes]: Thanks for the helpful video, much appreciated.
  5. @MrAsimFr [1 likes]: Btw can u tell me how do u accept it ?
  6. @HelloMan181 [1 likes]: thanks :D
  7. @FitOver40WithDian [1 likes]: Very helpful thank you
  8. @markcaponjazzguitar [1 likes]: My friend who I made a video with is an active collaborator, but the video is NOT showing up in COLLABORATIONS on her channel. I have done this successfully with others. Is there a setting that she has to set on her end that you know of? BTW, excellent video, precise and to the point!
  9. @theworldofmirrors [1 likes]: Hey! This was extreeemely helpful. Thank you very very much!!! <3
  10. @lastdayslost [1 likes]: Thank you buddy :)
  11. @fatherpet [1 likes]: Thanks
  12. @theenehemiah: I didn’t even post the video yet
  13. @iNUYASHA_straftat: brain dead go on more than u see it
  14. @Shattered-Souls-Rebuilt-Goals: When you do the colaboration is that why there's a double icon? Also will the video be posted into their channel too or just the one with the original video?  Will the same video be posted on both their channels?
  15. @EstherGamer2026: ty! but she's ignore me
  16. @KazimirHigh: How to accept the collaborator
  17. @AngelicaRoselovescats: GIRLY IDK HOW TO COLLAB
  18. @UncleFjester: But wtf does a collaborator get to do?
  19. @FoEverKingCoopa: so when you send the link does the video have to be public??
  20. @2amGavin: does it only work when you are monitized

- Collaborations on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Collaborations make it easier to showcase&nbsp; how you work with other creators on YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; and grow your channels together. You can add&nbsp; up to five collaborators on a single video,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will feature each creator's name and&nbsp; a subscribe button for all channels. The&nbsp;&nbsp; video will appear in the subscriptions feed of&nbsp; all listed collaborators audiences and may be&nbsp;&nbsp; recommended to them, increasing discoverability.&nbsp; Let's walk through how to use collaborations and&nbsp;&nbsp; some important things to keep in mind when using&nbsp; them. To invite other creators to a collaboration&nbsp;&nbsp; on your videos in Shorts, head to YouTube Studio&nbsp; on desktop or mobile. During the upload flow&nbsp;&nbsp; under the details page, choose show more, then&nbsp; invite a collaborator. Search for the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to add. You can also choose whether&nbsp; to grant the collaborator analytics viewing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Note that even if you grant this access, they&nbsp; won't be able to see your revenue information.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then choose create link. Here you can share the&nbsp; link with the person you want to collaborate&nbsp;&nbsp; with. The link will be active after you&nbsp; upload your video. You can invite up to&nbsp;&nbsp; five channels to collaborate with. You'll be&nbsp; able to see when a collaborator has accepted&nbsp;&nbsp; your invitation and use the three dot menu&nbsp; to reshare the link, manage analytics access,&nbsp;&nbsp; or remove the collaborator. Once your video&nbsp; is uploaded in the invited channels accept&nbsp;&nbsp; the invite link, the video or short will display&nbsp; all collaborators channel names with a subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button for each. To feature your collaborations&nbsp; on your channel homepage, head to YouTube Studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; then customization, then home tab. Choose&nbsp; add section, then choose collaborations. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's walk through some important things to&nbsp; keep in mind when using collaborations. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; even when you add collaborators, you're still&nbsp; in control of the video or short. Only you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make changes to the video. You'll also retain&nbsp; full ownership. As the owner, you'll keep all&nbsp;&nbsp; the revenue, views, and watch time from the video.&nbsp; And remember, if you have paid product placements,&nbsp;&nbsp; endorsements, or sponsorships, you'll need&nbsp; to check the paid promotions box. For more&nbsp;&nbsp; info on using collaborations on your videos and&nbsp; shorts, check out the links in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [442 likes]: Collaborations will be rolling out to all creators over the next few weeks!

Want to see Collaborations in action? Check out our MadeOn YouTube collab with Colin and Samir➡ https://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBghttps://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBg
  2. @Slingehwaran [1 likes]: Ok😭
  3. @hennerbichlerbua6646 [1 likes]: thank you simple and all that is needed
  4. @maddierinfret408 [1 likes]: Wow
  5. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: Thank you ❤
  6. @Manu_Diaries2027: ❤
  7. @theenehemiah: It doesn’t work I can’t accept it I’m mad😭😡
  8. @EcaterinaVic: Girlllllll im sorry i can not acces the link idk why🥺
  9. @SkepticPhilosophy: This looks to no longer work unless you are monetized.
  10. @0Lucky_gamer: Chalo ek dusre ko saport karte hai 🙏🙏😥😊
  11. @AniketJoshi21: This collaboration feature is such a powerful tool for community growth🤝 I love how it puts the subscribe button for all creators front and center while keeping the owner in full control of the video. Thanks for the clear walkthrough🚀✨
  12. @legendart711: I collaborated with someone with huge subscribers still my video has only less than 1k views 😣
  13. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: I need  collaboration please
  14. @joy-n5e2n: Hey
  15. @advikasingh123-t4e: Hello Everyone how are you 😊
  16. @schrodingeroberscharfuhrer2015: YOUTUBE JUST USED THE COLLABRATION AGAINST THE LOST NARRATOR
  17. @Fasteroid: I'm indifferent to most YouTube features but this one is objectively good.  More like it please.
  18. @Mr.QuixLe: thanks
  19. @cancebeci: The profile picture area on YouTube is far too small. Generally, our profile photos reflect our interests. For content creators in specific niches, this could be a way to get discovered even through a simple comment on a video. For example, when a tennis creator sets their profile picture as a tennis racket, a court, or a photo of themselves playing, they can immediately engage with users who share the same interest.
​However, the problem is that the section allocated for profile pictures on YouTube is so tiny that you have to click on them individually just to see what’s in the photo. This is quite inefficient. When we comment on any video, our profile pictures should be more prominent and clear. Improving this would encourage YouTube creators to be more active and leave more comments in order to be discovered."
  20. @JungleChallenger: Thank you so much YouTube Creators team!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- YouTube's NEW Collaboration Tool (What You NEED to Know!): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube's new collaboration tool is here, and today we're going to show you how to do a collaboration, how exactly it works when you're inviting another channel, and what kind of data you're able to gather after you've done the collaboration. So, without further ado, let's get started. YouTube has made a bunch of updates and this is one of the first ones where it's starting to act like some of the other channels like an Instagram or a Tik Tok where you can actually have some kind of synergy between you and another account. Can't tell you how many times where I get the question from a client where it's like how do I best collaborate with a brand? It's like well maybe you put on the homepage, same playlist, you shout out the handle, etc. Now we have a way where it's a lot more actually cohesively working together. So, you can see here's one of my videos on the back end of my channel. I'm thinking to myself, you know what would really go well is I'm going to go ahead and add a collaboration with YouTube because I'm making so many great free platform updates for them. They should collaborate with me, right? So, you would click in the show more section. And then as you scroll down, you're going to see collaboration. Grow your audience by collaborating with other creators and expand your videos reach to their audiences. Then you can click learn more and it brings you exactly where I already was in case you want to see the actual Google support pages on these which tend to give you the most information. Although this one spoiler alert is lacking significantly. So you go click invite a collaborator and then you'd search for the channel that you want to uh collaborate with. So I'm going to search for YouTube, right? YouTube. And then I'm able to give them the option of whether they can view the analytics or not. This allows the person to see its analytics from them since it's been published except for revenue. So if there's a reason you don't want them to see the historical of the video or maybe you're doing a little bit more YouTube advertising and you've uh let on, maybe that's a reason to leave it toggled off. But outside of that, it just allows them to get a little bit of an understanding of how that video has performed on your channel. Once again, without revenue metrics. So what you'll do, so I'll toggle on. I'll say create link and then it creates this link. This is one of the main things I want to call out about this feature that I think some people don't understand quite yet. This is not going to be a spray and prey methodology. This isn't like, man, if I just try to collaborate with, you know, Ronaldo and Mr. Beast and YouTube that maybe they'll accept my collaboration, I'm I'm off to the the land of fame and popularity and YouTube growth. That's that's not how this actually works at all. uh you actually have to have a relationship with the channel for the collaboration to be accepted. The way this works is when you make the link, it's exa it's actually a bespoke link between your channel collaboration invites and their channel. So they're not getting notified. There isn't like a exhaustive collaboration space where likehm maybe I'll click this one. That is probably wise because obviously many people be predatory to bigger creators. I'm sure one of the main emails creators and brands are going to get is like, "Please collab on my video." It does not work that way. Having a direct relation is the only way these collaborations are going to get accepted. So, hopping back over to our screen share. You would uh copy that link, right? Click share. You can, you know, you can copy the collaboration link here if you want to. And then click save. And then you would reach out to that person who has the channel access to accept that collaboration. As you can see this picture here, it's got hey, there's no collaboration requests at this moment in time. On the flip side, as you can see here, once you do receive that collaboration, uh it will look like this. And you'll see the video that they are wanting you to collaborate with. It will give you kind of the information that you need to know. And then you can choose whether you want to collaborate with that or not. After you've accepted the collaboration, you have this collaboration tab that goes uh in the back end where you can see all the videos you've collaborated with. You can even create a collaboration shelf on your channel homepage. But let's talk about exactly what happens once you've accepted that collaboration. And then we'll get into the data. It's been clear from YouTube that it's going to expand the reach of your video. Right? Of course, there's always the option to click subscribe on both of the channels, all five of the channels, however many channels you have in the collaborated effort, and you have the opportunity to subscribe to all the channels if you so desire. On top of that, in theory, it will uh be pushed to the audiences of those channels. Now, this isn't going to come in this the subscriber notification bell method, but it will show up in the subscription feed. Now, I don't know how many people actually go there for their content. I don't personally do that myself. The home feature does a pretty good job, but from my understanding that this should come up in the home feature, browse feature, etc. as well. I don't know much more about like the suggested and those types of things. But at the very least, you're going to get at least some great uh front page real estate when it comes to utilizing this collaboration. The one thing that kind of kills me about this tool, if I'm being completely transparent, is that you don't really have a way to see how much the particular channel you collaborated with drove traffic specifically to that video. Right? So, if I know the videos on my channel and I want to see the impact that YouTube's video has had and it expanding its reach, there might be some indicators like a massive spike in new viewership. Obviously, if you know your overall benchmark for each video and it's head and tails above, those could be some good signs, but there's not like a collaboration traffic source that breaks down the channel's audiences that were driven to that specific video. I would love to see that update in the future because I think that'd be really, really impactful. Uh, but at this time, you don't really get that data layer. you can just see the uptick, especially if the reach is so much more than what you typically receiving or even if it's like doubled or comparable, you would know based off your benchmarks. Another thing that I want to make sure is absolutely crystal clear is that the video if you collaborate with it is not going to show up on your video page. That's not how this works. Like I said, you can have a collaboration shelf. You can see on the back end those collaborations, it's not showing up on your channel homepage. Just to be a bundle of clear, it's it is original to the channel that it's uploaded. What you can see analytically is if you've decided to collaborate with a video, so you're not the one who's uploaded, but decide to collaborate with it. There's one data metric that is bespoke to the collaboration that you can't see on the back end of YouTube Studio. And let me show you what that looks like here. As you can see here, you're getting the historical of the video, its watch time. So, see, I can see all the way back to where it began. But the one metric that's specific to you as the collaborator is how many subscribers were generated via this collaboration. This collaboration got you 12 new subscribers. And you can see that here. This is when the collaboration started and this is how many subscribers has been generated since. So that's right now the main metric you can see when it comes to like hey how much did this behoove my channel. It is limited in the data options at this moment in time but at least you're getting some kind of layer of understanding of the impact that the video has had or the collaboration has had for you. Lastly, we're going to look at the Google support page. It gives us a little bit of an idea of where the collaboration is going to show. Can you use them for literally anything on YouTube? how they work with paid promotions and some of the elements of discovery and revenue that you might like to know. So, let's go over here. So, as has been stated in the videos, but if you haven't heard already, it's up to five creators, right? Five channels to be add as collaborators in your video, and it can be seen on desktop, mobile, and TV. Not only that, you can do these both for long form videos and shorts. You can invite a collaborator to an archive live stream but not an active live stream. So this is not something where you can set up a active live stream and have a collaboration happening at this time. I anticipate this probably changing down the road, but until then it is specifically for long form videos and shorts. Uh it would be interesting to see exactly how the collaboration impacts a a shorts performance. Um, but I do think probably the more last impact is the long form videos. Paid promotions. When you upload or edit video containing a paid promotion YouTube studio, select paid promotion, then select your brand partner's channel. This connects your video to your brand partner's Google Ads account where they can review your video's performance. If your brand partner uses your video in their ads, the video features your name and your brand partner's name along with a subscribe button for each channel. once again create more of a cohesion between uh these paid promotions. And then last but not least, discovery and revenue. Collaborations are meant to encourage discovery. That's what they've been saying. Our goal is to recommend the video to the audiences of both collaborators and the channel where the video was posted. However, you may not notice changes in search or recommendations at first. The channel where the collaboration video was posted receives the earn revenue. Revenue is not split between your collaborators. So, one thing they're calling out is that you might not notice a change in search recommendations at first. So, it might take a beat for this to kick in, and that's just something to be aware of that it's not going to be instantaneous according to this Google support page. Overall, the collaboration tool is a great way for you to connect with creators or brands that you're working with on content. The data component here is outside of you knowing your numbers and the perhaps the uptick that you're experiencing or rather maybe no uptick at all. Uh there's only really the subscribers generated via the collaboration that's bespoke data metric to the actual cohesion and synergy taking place. I would love to see more layers of data like how much is being driven by the particular channels you're collaborating with because especially if you have a couple, it's hard to determine which one drove the most interest. When it comes to discoverability, you're not getting a new subscriber bell. You're really getting an impact of expanded reach and it will show up in that subscription tab. It's a tool that I think you need to still be wise about. Like don't just do it all the time. I think you need to think through what you're trying to do with that collaboration and you're solely using it as like clout syncing or ways to massively grow your channel at a quick pace. You know, I I do think that there's something to be said about channels that are built brick by brick, not by splashes. Um, it can happen. I'm not against it, but I think just be careful. You know, I think take an approach that's tasteful and mindful of like you want to grow an authentic audience that cares about you. Overall, I hope you use collaborations. And as I always say, folks, have a great day and happy creating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllTheWorldsillZ [1 likes]: What if I’m starting a new channel and want to separate my content from my main channel.. will this feature be helpful in creating a channel that has some context to it before I start fresh uploads? (Hope that makes sense, great video)
  2. @Delvy787 [1 likes]: I'll be unsubscribing from any creator I follow that uses this until YT gives the ability to keep collaborated vides from showing in my sub feed. These videos need to be placed in a different channel.
  3. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: You need to get more views on this video. Very helpful !
  4. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: Omg this videos is amazing thank you!
  5. @TrillGangSTK7: But i dont get the link once they send the share link
  6. @liveswithrobots: Thanks for clearing up that I have to send the collaboration link manually via external means of communication.
  7. @FRIGHT_KNIGHT_J: Can you tell me if I post a video and collaborate how do I show it on my videos and theirs
  8. @KellyCasanova: Thank you, very helpful!
  9. @HardBoy1: I am just getting the hang of how collaboration works. I actually thought that when you send out an invite, they will get a notification of a pending invite. Just like a mention, but you are saying you have to find a way to contact that creator, especially if they don't know who you are :face-purple-crying:
  10. @even1313: I'm fairly certain the most important feature is not mentioned here. How do I turn it off?

I choose whose videos go into my feed. Not you.
  11. @sethxenofightersofficialx: Any indie game developers want to collab with me hi im seth and im making a smash bros fighting game xenofighters 
My game is almost ready for play testing
  12. @baldandbrokeTV: If I were to collaborate with someone outside my niche I image that would only confuse the algorithm right? My channel is about philosophy and existential dread. If I collaborate with a channel about about fishing that would likely hurt growth
  13. @Lothnar5070: Another spam feature from Youtube. If anyone I'm subbed to does this I'll unsub from them, I don't want my page full of shit I don't want.
  14. @BeatriceLouisa-x4g: Thank you for sharing this video!😃
  15. @Relationshipandmarriagetalks: Any relationship and family matters channel?
  16. @SsaajaaVERSE: Is it also going to push to algorithm from the invited channel or just the main channel who owned it ?
  17. @TheMidnightStriker: Hi Trevor, I'm a small YouTuber and really appreciate your content. I want to start doing collaborations — what's the best way to send my video/channel link to other YouTubers (email, DMs, or something else)? Thanks for all the helpful tips!
  18. @chillsoundscorner: Any music channels want to collab with me??
  19. @kronikbro: Will collaboration increase watch hours?
  20. @TheHouseHoppers1: That was really helpful! Another travel channel asked if we would collaborate and it really through us as we are only a small channel. Also, we didn't know how it works. After watching your video we are in a much better position. thanks again.

- How to Collaborate with Someone in a YouTube Video: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys. So in today's video, I'm going to show you how to collaborate with someone on a YouTube video. So I tried this on my desktop PC and it is not working. So you can just download the YouTube Studio app on your phone and once you download it, open it and log into your YouTube account. Once you've logged into your YouTube account, make sure you've upload the video. So it is very easy to upload the video. Just click on this plus at the top right here and you need to select the video that you want to post. So now once you've uploaded the video, click on this three dot in front of the video and now select edit. Once you click on edit, wait for it to load. And now you're going to invite a collaborator. So click on it. And now you need to search for the channel. Just type in the channel username. So let's say at So you need to type in the channel username. It can be anything. So I'm going to use this channel as an example. So once you enter the channel name, just select it. And now you're going to allow analytics viewing. So you can allow the person to see the analytics of the video. And if you don't want to allow it, you can just turn it off like this. And now click on create link. Once you click on create link, you can now copy this link and share it with the person. So click on done. And now once they click on the link, they will now be added to the collaborators of the video. So very easy and straightforward. And once you're done, make sure you save it. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DisarmDepression [9 likes]: How do you send them the link for collaboration?
  2. @WOLLY_GAMING [3 likes]: Ty❤❤
  3. @Liana-blox [3 likes]: How to leave a collaboration
  4. @HfggGgd-d3v [2 likes]: عرب

- What You Should Know About YouTube's Monetization Update: Kind: captions Language: en - Some YouTubers are completely freaking out right now because of what's getting ready to happen on July 15th. They're worried that all the hard work that they've put into making videos and growing their YouTube channels is all going to go to waste. Because right now, there are posts all over the internet saying things like, "YouTube Will Stop Monetizing "AI-Generated/Low-Effort Videos. "YouTube's New Monetization Policy is Here, "and It's a Game-Changer. "YouTube prepares crackdown on mass-produced "and repetitive videos." There are also a lot of YouTube videos going up mass demonetization. "37% of YouTube Channels Demonetized. "YouTube Policy Ends Faceless AI YouTube Channels." And this has creators who make all kinds of content that uses any type of AI assistance, or maybe they do gaming content where they're not on camera, things like that, asking themselves, "How will the new YouTube monetization roles impact me?" Some creators are even getting discouraged from making content, like this creator who has an accent and uses AI voice that asks, "Should I still work on my channel? "after the recent YouTube update?" Here's what you need to know. Yes, YouTube is making an update, but those videos and posts that you're seeing are completely misleading you. Let me explain. YouTube posted an update in their YouTube Help center that says, "Updates to the YouTube Partner Program "Monetization Policies: "In order to monetize "as part of the YouTube Partner Program, "YouTube has always required creators "to upload 'original' and 'authentic' content. "On July 15th, 2025, YouTube is updating our guidelines "to better identify mass-produced and repetitious content. "This update better reflects "what 'inauthentic' content looks like today." Now, look, in fairness, YouTube is not always the best when it comes to communicating things like this. However, they did respond to a media outlet called Dexerto on X, who claimed, "YouTube is cracking down on unoriginal content "with major monetization changes starting July 15th. "Channels that do not meaningfully transform clips "risk losing monetization. "That includes reaction channels, "compilation pages, and more." Now, in addition to the community notes that were on that post, TeamYouTube, which is the official YouTube support, replied with, "Not exactly. "To clarify, this is a minor update "to our longstanding YouTube Partner Program policies "to help us better identify "when content is mass-produced or repetitive. This type of content has already been ineligible for monetization for years, and is content viewers often consider spam. Now, they posted this back on July 3rd. And since then, a lot of this content, a lot of this posts, a lot of media outlets have ran away with this, and I don't know if it's malicious or if they're just trying to get clicks. I don't know. But this whole thing has gotten so out of control that YouTube's Creator Liaison, Rene Ritchie, had to go and make a video about it to add clarity so that people would know what's going on. This is what he had to say. - If you're seeing posts about a July 2025 update to the YouTube Partner Program monetization policies and you're concerned it'll affect your reaction or clips or other type of channel, well, I'm Rene Ritchie. I'm a creator who works inside YouTube, and here's the deal. This is a minor update to YouTube's longstanding YPP policies to help better identify when content is That's it, that's all. - So if you make faceless YouTube videos, you're fine. If you make gaming videos, you're fine. If you repurpose your long-form content into shorts, you're fine. Even if you make AI content that everything is done with AI but it's put together in a way that isn't mass-produced and not spammy, you're also fine. So as usual, ignore the noise, make sure to subscribe, go make some great videos, and remember, you got this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [5 likes]: I made a very helpful iPhone app for YouTubers. You can see everything it currently has in this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptrAfkd6riA
  2. @philthelawnman [1 likes]: Youtube wants to change too often.  Let's all take 100% of our viewed videos away from you tube make all of them private. They sell ads on all my videos and stop paying.
  3. @Rkevents8tv [1 likes]: Let me wait to be monetized
  4. @deanbusch2727 [1 likes]: My channel DOC Z was denied, I did aa appeal video, within a couple hours they replied told me  I was denied AGAIN. I write and produce my own stuff its filmed as a series, in 3 videos I got over 30k views over 1300, subscribers and went over the hours of viewing required all in two months, none of my stuff is reused or AI.
  5. @Graceinpixels1: Oh my God I just got the updates after launching my new channel which basically is ai generated. I felt discouraged till I finally met this  video. Thanks, and be blessed ❤❤❤❤
  6. @gromorr: i make 5 seconds puzzle gaming videos will taht be called low effort because there is no editing which is required and what does it mean to me ? my views are good , I wanna keep posting such gaming videos for my channel
  7. @prm4uofficial: Really appreciate you breaking down what's actually changing on July 15th instead of just adding to the panic — the misinformation around monetization updates always spreads faster than the facts. For creators close to the eligibility thresholds, do you know if the new policy affects channels that were already approved, or is it mainly hitting those still trying to qualify? 🤔
  8. @back2the80s: As a viewer I find ai voices annoying. Then Lots of lazy content for clicks. Some even upload unfinished videos that clearly needed editing.
  9. @miekaxiii: Are we going to ignore the fact he’s your twin? 😂 2:44
  10. @tutacat: Nothing changed ;-)
  11. @NattyYouT: Maybe my channel will finally blow up 😅
  12. @demonocus: There is too much ai slop on youtube, i'm glad they are finally doing something about it.
  13. @YogiCecily: This is an awful change because ads are faceless and AI generated, constant and non-authentic.  How will creators create branding now?  Some of my favorite storytelling content is starting to feel like early cable with bad or non-existent intros and unrelated visuals.  Meanwhile adds, the same adds over and over again pop up.  Sigh…
  14. @kittenzoomies0713: YouTube: Demonetizes Innocent Doll Videos 
Also YouTube: Keeps Graphic Content That’s NSFW/NSFL
  15. @maila319: So can I make videos with a TTS voice as long as the script is mine?
  16. @icepicka4000: Wow this is a big news
  17. @ChudKunia: I’ve never seen it explained this way.
  18. @TringTran-d7x: I’m definitely coming back for more.
  19. @fionamehta3340: Lorraine Valentes Alternative Homestead channel has been demonitised this poor lady is a Targeted Individual who looks after animals.. they stopped her income!
She cannot afford to continue looking after her animals who are injured and left with her for help! 
Come on YouTube reinstate her monitary status.!!!
  20. @laytonbatchelor1473: Your hard work really pays off.

- The Future of YouTube (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just dropped their biggest report of the year. And if you're running faceless YouTube channels or thinking about running a faceless channel, or you're really running any channel on YouTube at all, this might be the most important video you watch all this year. Because here's what most people don't realize. YouTube is about to go through some massive changes in 2026, and the creators who adapt to these changes early are going to be the ones that absolutely dominate. Meanwhile, everybody else is going to be left behind wondering what happened. They might be saying, "Matt, what are you even talking about? What are these changes?" Well, YouTube just released their Culture and Trends Report. And buried in this report are some game-changing insights that most creators are completely ignoring. But here's the thing. These changes are actually perfect for faceless YouTube channels if you know how to leverage them correctly. Now, I personally run 12 different faceless YouTube channels. I've helped over 11,000 people grow their own channels, and I've made over $10 million from my channels. Now, I'm not saying any of this to brag, just to show you that I know what I'm talking about when it comes to doing YouTube. So, when I see changes like this that are coming, I pay attention. And I've been paying attention to all of the changes over the past 10 years during my time on YouTube. And more importantly, I think I figured out how to use these changes to our advantage, which can present massive opportunities to you and me. And that's exactly what I'm going to show you today. I'm going to break down the five biggest changes that are coming to YouTube, and more importantly, how to position yourself and your faceless channels, or any type of channel, to take advantage of every single one of them. But first of all, let me tell you why this matters so much right now. YouTube isn't just some video platform anymore. Over a billion hours are spent on YouTube every single day, which is more than Netflix, more than TV, or than everything else combined. And the craziest part is that they paid $70 to creators just in the past couple years. So, we're not just talking about some little side hustle opportunity here. We're talking about the biggest media platform in human history, and it's growing faster than ever. That's the thing. Like, people used to look at YouTube back when I was doing it as a high school student, and I was making a couple thousand dollars a month, they looked at YouTube as a joke. And people thought, you know, YouTube's going to come and go. But now I'm sitting here in 2025, 10 years later, and I'm making over half a million dollars a month from YouTube. Again, I'm not saying any of this to brag whatsoever, but I just want to show you that YouTube has grown exponentially, and the people who have ridden that wave of doing YouTube during that time have benefited enormously like myself, and I'm incredibly grateful to be in a position that I am today. But in my opinion, over the next 10 years it's going to grow even exponentially more. But the thing is, the rules of the game are changing. And what worked in 2020 is not going to be working now in 2025 and going into 2026. And if you don't adapt, you're going to be crushed by algorithm changes, the competition, and potentially even getting your channel banned, which I don't want to happen to you, which is why I'm making this video right now. Now, that being said, the good news is that if you do understand these changes and position your channel correctly, then 2026 could be your biggest year ever on YouTube. So, let me break down the five biggest changes that are coming and exactly how to use them for your faceless channels, or really any type of channel. So, after going through the YouTube report, the first change that I saw was that subscribers don't really matter anymore. now and going forward to going viral and making sure your content reaches as big of an audience as possible is picking the right interest. This is probably the biggest shift happening on YouTube right now, and most creators have no idea that it's even going on. Here's a quote directly from YouTube's report. They say that audiences initially are drawn to creators through shared special interests and stay for the innovative ways that those creators explore and expand those fixations. They might be saying, "Matt, what in the world does that mean in simple terms?" Subscribers do not matter like they used to. You can literally start a brand new faceless channel today, and if you understand viewer interest, you can go viral and get discovered in a matter of days. No existing audience required. Why is this happening? It's because YouTube's algorithm has completely shifted. Instead of recommending videos based on people that you're subscribed to, it's now recommending based on what people are interested in more so. Let me give you an example of this. Say for example that you're interested in politics or stock market news, and you create a video about some of the biggest things that are happening in those spaces. YouTube's algorithm will automatically push that content to audiences that are interested in those niches. This is huge for faceless channels or any channel on YouTube because it levels the playing field completely. Think about your own YouTube behavior. You don't go to YouTube wanting to find some specific person or some specific channel to follow. You go because you want to learn something, you're interested in a topic, or you just want to be entertained on a specific topic. Let's say you want to learn about making money online, for example. Maybe you're interested in health and fitness. Maybe you want to know about the latest AI tools. You're searching based off of interest and not personality. And this is where faceless channels in particular, like I've been showing how to do over the past few years, have a massive advantage. Because you're not selling your personality, you're solving problems and tapping into interest. But it's not as simple as it sounds. There's a few things that you need to know before YouTube actually starts to push your content. Here's how to leverage this change for your faceless channels. Number one is to pick an interest-based niche. Don't pick a niche based on what you think is going to get views. Pick a niche that contains a genuine problem that people want to solve. Over the years, I've seen these five niches that you're seeing on the screen right now consistently rise to the top because they're evergreen topics. Feel free to pause and take a look at these niches, and there's tons of different sub niches under these as well, which I would recommend going into. So, instead of just doing health and fitness, for example, do something like longevity or health and fitness for older people, or health and fitness for younger people. Number two then is to use titles that have already worked, but not specifically in your niche. So, don't try to reinvent the wheel and come up with some new topic that's never been done before. Instead, recreate videos that have done really well in your niche, but also recreate videos that have done well outside your niche. And you might be saying, "Matt, how does that even make sense? If I'm going to be recreating videos outside my niche, wouldn't that by definition be making videos outside my niche?" Not at all. What you want to do is take the concept that's worked in those other niches, and then apply that to your niche. For example, I saw this video go pretty viral, and it was about uh mega-dosing creatine after like 50 years old. And videos like this have gone viral in other sub niches of health, like mega-dosing different supplements and stuff like that, but nobody's done it in regards to creatine as an older person. And this guy did it, and he had a pretty small channel. He was barely getting any views on any of his videos, but then he did that, and his channel absolutely took off. He got millions of views on his past couple videos because he found a topic that worked in another sub niche, but then he applied it to his sub niche. And then make sure to use those keywords from your title actually verbally in your video as well, so you speak them throughout the video. And there's some pros and cons of this new YouTube change. You know, you might be thinking, "Matt, if I already have a bunch of subscribers, like I personally do on a lot of my channels, couldn't this be seen as a bad thing due to the fact that I'm not going to be getting my videos surfaced as much to my own subscribers?" And yes, you could look at it that way. However, how I view this is that it levels the playing field so that you're competing against all the other videos on YouTube, and every video is its own specific seed that you're basically planting, and if it's good enough, it will come to harvest, and it will do really good on YouTube. But the key is that the video has to be good enough, and the way you do that is by providing as much value as possible, which keeps people on the platform. You can also implement my session time hack as well by sending people to a really long video after they watch one of your videos, and I'll give you an example of that at the end of this video as well, where you send people to another one of your own super long videos via end screen, and then that'll keep people on YouTube for a long period of time, increasing your session time, and therefore getting you a bunch of views cuz YouTube wants to push out content that keeps people on the platform. And if you do want to sell something for your channel, you do it from that long video, but not from all the other videos on your channel. Now, the second change that's happening involves long and short. Let me explain. Another quote from the report is that the videos that we watch and that people are watching on YouTube are getting both longer and shorter. So, how does that work? Well, YouTube discovered that it's in the extremes that people are absolutely crushing it right now. The first is micro content, also commonly known as YouTube Shorts. And the second is deep content, which are videos longer than 20, 30 minutes, sometimes even hour-long videos. This is the kind of content that gets you a very high retention, so even if you get less views on it, you're keeping those views on YouTube for a long period of time, kind of like what I'm talking about. And usually, I go for this longer type of content because you don't have to get as many views, and you can make way more money from it from my experience. But what YouTube is telling us in the report is that both of these types of content can work incredibly well for getting millions of views. So, the ideal strategy in an ideal world would be to use both of these types of content in something that I would call the perfect balance strategy. Because the thing is, if you're going to do YouTube Shorts, doing YouTube Shorts alone is not enough. The real money is in long-form content, but if you're going to do Shorts, and you want to benefit from the billions of views that are spent on YouTube Shorts, then you need to create Shorts that give a little bit of value, and then link those Shorts to your long-form video by way of adding a related video as you upload the short. You can do that, you can link it to another video, and then post as many Shorts as you possibly can, all linking to a long video to benefit from them as much as possible. That way, you're using both formats to your advantage. And also, you can even take clips out of your longer-form videos, and then make those into Shorts as well. But personally, I like to focus on the longer-form videos. There's a lot more money in them, and honestly, I don't really do much with Shorts as of right now, anyways. If you wanted to just go super viral and get millions of views and have cool analytics to show and get play buttons to show that you got a million subscribers and so forth, then Shorts are definitely the easiest way of doing that. However, if you want to make a lot of money from your channel and build your channel into a huge business and everything, then longer form is better. So, it depends on your priorities here. My priorities are building a huge business off of YouTube, and also trying to give a lot of value as well. So, I'm focusing as much as possible on the longer-form aspect of content. And that brings me to the third change that's happening on YouTube right now, and this is a huge one. See, most people don't realize that a lot of people are watching YouTube now on their TVs. In fact, more than ever before. YouTube has actually dominated TV watch time over the past couple years, and not many people realize this. And it means that people are treating YouTube like Netflix now. They're sitting on their couch, they're playing a video, they're letting it play it for 30, 60 minutes, and in some cases, they're playing a video overnight in their bedroom on their TV doing like sleep sounds, or for example, sleep philosophy videos so they can get smarter as they sleep. These are actually huge niches. There's also sleeping history videos, which are absolutely taking off right now. And this is massive for faceless channels because you don't need charisma, you don't need a personality to create this type of content. You just need content that people can consume passively. Let me give you a couple examples. So this channel Uncharted Mysteries does these super long videos, like 3 to 4 hour long videos. And what it is is like interesting historical stories, dark stories, and stuff like that. And similarly, this channel called Dreams of Disclosure has some stories like that also that you can fall asleep to. There's also channels like all those sleeping history and sleeping philosophy videos. And also channels like Top Travel, which makes multiple hour long travel guide videos about different destinations, and they get tons of views. And do you know what the CPMs on this type of content is like, which is how much you make per thousand views? Typically, it's very high because you can put a lot of ad breaks in that long of content. But even putting the ads aside, this type of content will gather so much watch time. Now, how do you actually conceptualize doing this type of content? Well, what you want to do is to create content that's understandable even if someone isn't actively watching the screen. This means clear voice-overs, good quality audio, and content that doesn't necessarily heavily rely on visual elements. In fact, a lot of these like sleeping history, sleeping philosophy channels, of times, it's literally just like AI generated visuals in the background of the video where all they're just talking about different historical or philosophy facts with an AI voice-over. Now, if you're going to use an AI voice-over, don't do the ones that everybody else uses on stuff like 11 Labs. Try to find something unique, or even better yet, clone your own voice to use. Like I've cloned my own voice, it's on 11 Labs, anybody can use it. If you want to use it to make a faceless channel, be my guest because it's not as heavily used as those default voices that everybody else is using. And lastly, do not artificially cut your videos short. can provide value for 45 minutes, do it. Like for example, if you're making a comprehensive guide about all of the best places in a specific country, don't just limit it to just a couple cities. Go over a bunch of different cities and a bunch of different tourist attractions to make your video as long as you possibly can. YouTube loves longer watch times, they'll give you all the views and subscribers that you want if you can keep people on the platform. And TV viewing is a huge change that YouTube mentioned in the report that you should definitely focus on. fourth change is the intimacy effect, which is authenticity and automation. Now, you might be saying, "Matt, how can you provide any type of authenticity in faceless content? By definition, faceless content is literally content that doesn't even have you in it." And this is where most people get faceless channels completely wrong. Authenticity doesn't mean showing your face. It means being real, vulnerable, and providing genuine value. But the thing is, you can do all of these things without you even being involved at all. So what I've been talking about a lot lately on this channel is making something like an AI avatar. It can be of yourself, it could be of just an avatar that you invent and create, and then having that avatar basically represent the channel and be the face of it. Like there's this one channel, I think it's called Yellow Man or Yellow Guy. Look it up on YouTube, and basically they do these fitness tutorials, and that avatar is the face of the channel. And personally, I think it's an incredibly good idea to create an avatar like this for any type of faceless channel you run because then you're building real brand IP with your channel. So if anything happens to your channel or anything else in the future, you've still got that IP that you built up, and you've built a real brand on YouTube. This is really important and something I think a lot more people should focus on. Now, the fifth change is the creator to founder pipeline. This is perhaps the most important change, especially if you want to make money on YouTube because after analyzing YouTube's new report, something is very clear. Successful creators don't just make content, they create companies. Because if you think about it, making content or paying people to make it for you and so forth and expanding on a bigger bigger scale requires resources, it requires money. And the only way you're going to get that money is by monetizing your channel correctly. You're not You shouldn't just be in this to get views. Views, in my opinion, are vanity metrics, and if you want to get views, just upload shorts like we talked about earlier. But if you want to build a real business on YouTube, then I recommend doing a couple things. Number one, focus on educational content rather than entertainment. If you make how-to type videos, then you people with a direct problem that they want solved. And then what you can do is send those people to a ultra-long video that's kind of like a complete guide. So you're doing what we talked about earlier, keeping people on YouTube for a long period of time, but not only that, then at the end of that complete guide, you sell them a solution. Now, the best solution is either a software where you can make monthly recurring income from it, or an online course. Now, you might be saying, "Matt, I'm not an expert. I don't know how I'm going to even offer that." The thing is, you don't have to sell it yourself. Instead, be an affiliate for something that already exists. Just go to ChatGPT and ask it, "What are the best affiliate programs for a digital product, either a course or a software, that I could promote for my channel?" And then take those, become an affiliate for them, and then promote that from your channel in the way we're talking about. But don't just promote it on every single video. Instead, send people to a long video, keep people on the platform, and then sell it. Let me show you the math just to prove this. Let's say you implement these strategies, you get 100,000 views a month across all of your content by the end of 2025 going into 2026. With traditional YouTube automation and traditional YouTube and doing YouTube the traditional way, at a $10 CPM, which is pretty good, that's making $10 per thousand views, then you're only making $1,000 a month. You might be saying, "Matt, that's not bad for only 100k views," which I agree. However, it's not life-changing, it's not what I would recommend shooting for. But with the strategies I'm showing you, that same 100,000 views could potentially generate 20k per month or more. Now, it's really important to understand that these kind of results are definitely not guaranteed. important disclaimer I need to give every single time because some people think they can just upload videos to YouTube and they automatically make 20k a month. That's not the way it works. But what I'm saying is that I've seen from my own experience with running channels, I've made 27k a month off a channel that only got 166k views in that month. And it's because I sold a digital product from my channel in the way that we're talking about. And that channel is completely faceless, by the way. And now look, I know this might seem overwhelming, there's tons of changes happening on YouTube right now, and it can feel like the rules are just constantly shifting. But here's the truth. These changes are actually the biggest opportunity that we've seen on YouTube in years. The playing field is level, and smart creators who understand these trends are going to be the ones that absolutely dominate. The question is, are you going to be one of them? So you have two choices at this point. You either keep doing things the same way you have been, hoping for ad revenue, competing with millions of people, maybe just making entertainment content, or you can adapt to these changes and position yourself for 2026 and build a real business. Now, if you want the second path, I do have a program called Tube Accelerator where I'll show you exactly how to do this step-by-step, exactly how I'm running faceless channels in a new updated way for 2025. You can schedule a call with my team down at the link below. And also, if you want to learn more about it and you're unsure about whether you want to join a program right now or anything else, totally understandable, then you can check out this video next to me right here, which will show you exactly how to run faceless YouTube channels in a complete guide. And as I promised, I'm doing exactly what I was telling you about earlier, which is linking to a very long video on your channel and then keeping people on the platform. So I practice what I preach. Check that video out right there. My name is Matt Par, thanks for watching everybody, and I will see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lizagalang-w6i [1 likes]: Omg 😊you’re the answer to all about you tube beginners thank you for your informative videos
  2. @RandomStrings0 [1 likes]: This is great .. really greatttte
  3. @YourHighFrequencyPalce [1 likes]: Soon 300K also for this incredibly amazing and beautiful video! ✨🌟
Every Matt's video needs to be watched this much and more - every Matt's video is guidebook for every YouTube creator with information which is so necessary to know. 

And everyone here be sure that Matt is the very best to learn from and if you want to create a successful YouTube channel and business, I recommend you to learn only from Matt! 

I wish you all much success on YouTube!

And Matt, you know all you create is absolutely the best and most beautiful ✨🌟 
Thank You so much as always ✨ for being You ✨ You know that all You do is way more than the visible part ✨
  4. @SoNowIknow-l6v [1 likes]: Nice bro😊
  5. @YourHighFrequencyPalce [1 likes]: Amazing that so many people already have learned from this very important video! Soon 300K and I'm sure many more creators will learn from this very important video! 
I really recommend everyone this video and all other Matt's videos, everything he is teaching! He really is the very, very best to learn from! 

And please let's not skip ads for Matt's videos, he invests huge work to create all this content, it's important that everyone appreciates this and the easiest way how to say Thank You practically is by not skipping ads! 

Matt Thank You so much as always ✨ 
For being You ✨
  6. @tinyrosecreates [1 likes]: If you've ended up here and just started on YT in Jan, 2026, keep on going! :)
  7. @Adrian13131: I guess it doesn’t help that I started after 2026 started :(
  8. @BlueBerry-225: Nice background
  9. @MoneySimple.finance: terrific
  10. @RandomStrings0: That’s is Trey 10:56 true
  11. @RandomStrings0: Thank you for honesty
  12. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals overtaking raw view counts is huge — a lot of automation channels are still optimizing for volume when they should be engineering for saves and shares per impression instead. One thing worth adding: the first-hour comment velocity on a new upload is becoming a surprisingly strong push signal for Browse, so building even a small community that shows up early matters more than most people realize. Curious how you're thinking about the Shorts-to-long-form pipeline shifting into next year? 🤔
  13. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: This is so amazing video and it's great that so many people are learning here! 

Everyone, please be sure that Matt is the very best to learn from! 
His knowledge and understanding about YouTube and business is incredible and if you choose to learn from Matt, you can be sure that you will receive the best! 

Also please don't skip ads for Matt's videos, he invests so much work in creating all this amazing free content and not skipping ads is easy practical way to say Thank You for Matt! 

I'm really happy to see nice comments here and let's continue to share good words, it's important that Matt feels appreciated, encouraged and inspired! 

I wish everyone much success on YouTube! 

Matt, THANK YOU so much as always, for all You do, you know how much it is and most of all Thank You for being You ✨🌟
  14. @MUSIC-hd6vp: im facinated by the background in this video, whats going on? it looks like some crater out of a sci fi movie! with buildings in the rocks! where was this filmed?
  15. @darrylbrown5321: How do you put ads in sleep content without it been disruptive 🤔
  16. @learnlanguageswithlimat230: Hey Matt, can I start a language teaching channel. Does it still have reach?
  17. @adeolagold_sing: Small creator let’s grow
  18. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: MATT HAS CREATED AND JUST LAUNCED SOMETHING ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, platform called moonn. More about this he is telling in his video from 1.01.2026. Now it's ready and you can join! I cannot write all information I would like here, as YouTube doesn't allow to post it, but his platform is listed on my channel in the description as well! It's clean information of course I never use anything affiliatelike for what Matt has created! 🌕✨
  19. @TheOjaiPlantGuy: 0:34 fuck I just started building posting pictures of my dog as a hope of being one of those that get something out of it
  20. @ZBVault: I’m kinda convinced he just posted this to get views like he explained at 9:45

- YouTube Demonetization Rules 2025 – 5 New Rules YouTubers MUST Know to Stay Monetized!: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] YouTube preview. New rules YouTubers need to know in 2025. Hey YouTubers, there are some big changes you need to know. If you want to make money on YouTube in 2025, only submit original work. Only produce news or programming that you verified to be true. Provide work that is respectful of humanity and social interaction. Keep your channel within YouTube's evolving advertiser friendly content guidelines. YouTube is introducing new rules and practices in 2025. And if you're not careful, your videos could quickly lose ad revenue and views or be banned. I invite you to follow along in this episode as I explain what's changed and how to stay safe. YouTube display new rules. There are five basic rules that YouTubers need to know in 2025. Here are the steps to follow. One, avoid using other people's videos in any way that is misleading or deceptive. In 2025, YouTube is working hard to stop content creators who use other people's work just to increase views and watch hours. This includes compositions that overstate or exaggerate the original content, show fake reactions or videos, or use AI generated images that don't match the actual content of the video. For example, a crying face, a firework display, or a fake celebrity image, none of which are actual in the video, are now a quick way to display work. What to do? Only use your own work that accurately represents your video. Remove AI images or highle edits unless they are part of your original content and prepare a presentation that describes the actual event. Two, strict rules on language and profanity. If most people use YouTube to humiliate others, you can lose your channel from advertising and viewing revenue under the new rules. YouTube is stricter than ever about language. Specifically, videos that use strong profanity in the first 15 to 30 seconds that are not socially acceptable words, racial slurs, vulgar expressions, may be flagged for limited or no advertising. Using them in general in a video can result in a YouTube fee. What you should do? Start by building your videos around the principles of respect for others. Avoiding strong profanity, degrading others and using offensive language is the solution. Three, AI generated content is widely distributed. As we know there are many fake works in this sector. So it is not allowed to submit fake works that are not genuine. So to ensure that the works are clear and clean, as AI becomes more popular, YouTube now requires creators to disclose when content is altered or generated by AI, such as faces, voices, deep fake, or completely scripted/created videos created by AI. Failure to tag such content may result in demonetization or removal from the partner program. What to do? Be honest with your viewers and your audience by doing your own work. Four, repurposed or non-original content cannot be monetized. This means that you cannot earn money from videos and content that you repost. YouTube has tightened it enforcement of its repurposed content policy. channels that post content like TV clips, movie clips, viral Tik Toks, or compilations that are reposted as they were originally created without significant personal contribution. And without comment, editing or adding value will lose their exclusive rights to monetize YouTube. Even if you have permission, reposting is not enough. What to do? Always avoid repurposing content. And if you do post it, make sure you add your own content, such as adding your voice analysis, reactions, or messages to make it your own. Five, harmful, false, or sensitive topics cannot be monetized. YouTube now actively shows videos that cover the following. Misinformation such as fake medical advice, conspiracy theories, emotional tragedies such as accidents, crimes or celebrity deaths that are monetized for viewing, dangerous challenges, jokes, or violent content. Ads will be removed to protect brands even if such videos remain on the platform. What to do? Avoid using tragic situations or spreading false information. Use responsible sources. Provide context and respect sensitive topics. Be a guardian of confidentiality. Thanks for watching. If you want more updates like this, subscribe to the AD Techport and News channel. We will be posting videos about YouTube's rules, video creation, and usage and monetization. If you have any questions, drop them the comments. We're always happy to answer. Like, comment, share, subscribe. AD Tech Sport and News Channel subscribe.

- YouTube Channels Are Getting Deleted (Don't Make This Mistake): Kind: captions Language: en Imagine you woke up and you found out that your YouTube channel was permanently deleted. No warning, no notice, no nothing. This is the exact reality that thousands of creators are facing right now. But there is a solution to it, and I'm about to share it with you. If you're running a YouTube channel, it's a really good idea that you're watching this video because I'm going to share with you the exact protection system that's keeping my own channel safe while other channels get terminated every single day. Because without this system, you could literally wake up tomorrow and years of hard work and dedication could be erased in seconds. And this is not just happening to small creators. It's actually happening to a lot of big channels right now, including the one you're watching right now. So recently, some of the videos on this channel you're watching right now, Make Money Match, recently got targeted. I was given strikes for some of the content that I posted on this channel. And in my personal opinion, after reading through all the YouTube terms of service and everything else, these videos didn't violate any community guidelines and they weren't deceptive content. My aim with this channel is the same that it's always been, which is to make extremely helpful content that's educational that you can walk away from knowing more than you knew before. But I wasn't the only one that got hit. Mr. Reese, who's another big YouTuber in the make money online space, recently emailed me saying that he had to delete all the videos on his channel and start from complete scratch. Odetta, who's another big creator in the make money online space, had over 50 videos removed and she was given a community guideline strike for posting content that talks about financial content and making money online. Stacy Law is another big creator who's facing the same thing and she was on hiatus for almost 3 months because of this. She just posted a video about her experience with all this a few weeks ago. So, at this point, you might be starting to sense a theme here just like how I was. However, channels talking about finance and making money online are not the only channels that are getting targeted. Noah Morris, for example, who's one of the most respected creators in the Faceless community, lost eight of his channels back in January of 2025. That's $3.8 million of lifetime ad revenue from those channels, plus 1.5 million subscribers, that just disappeared. The World Table Tennis official channel got terminated in 2025 after crypto scammers hacked their account. Even Waner Arts, who's another massive player in the YouTube automation space, had many of his channels die off in May of 2024. The Hustler Casino Live channel, despite having over 360,000 followers, it had massive viewership just got banned without any clear explanation. Most recently, another famous YouTube creator, Romero Row, suffered a major loss in June of 2025. a faceless channel that he had built up over eight years that he uploaded 3,000 videos to with no strikes, no issues, was deleted overnight. His appeal was also rejected instantly. Now, these are just a few examples, but this is what should really scare you. YouTube processed almost 16 million terminations in just the first quarter of 2024 alone. That's more than 175,000 channels getting deleted every single day. And with the brand new inauthentic content policies that went into place recently on July 15th, terminations are happening faster than ever before. Now, the appeal success rate, and by the way, appealing for a channel termination is when your channel gets deleted and you say that there was something wrong with it. So, you try to give an explanation to YouTube as to why you think they made the wrong decision. The success rate of those appeals is below 5%. So, what that practically means is that if your channel gets terminated tomorrow, you potentially have less than a 1 in20 chance of getting it back. Now, I personally run 12 different YouTube channels. I've gone channels to millions of subscribers. I've helped over 11,000 people start their very own channels. I've seen what's happening behind the scenes that most creators completely miss. But with making this video, I feel like I should let you in on a really big secret. The creators who are surviving this new enforcement landscape from YouTube are not just getting lucky. They're following a specific system that I'm going to give you here today. So you can walk away from this video knowing this system to make sure that you can sleep good at night knowing that your channels are safe. So the way that YouTube's enforcement works now is completely different than it was even 12 months ago. And if you want to get really scientific with it, YouTube's automated systems now process 96.6% of all content removals. And so what this tells us is that we're not dealing with humans making decisions about our content anymore. you're dealing with algorithms that process these violations with unprecedented scale and speed. And now what's really concerning about this is that 96% of YouTube terminations are due to what YouTube calls spam and deceptive practices. What YouTube defines as spam or deceptive practices has expanded so drastically that channels doing legitimate businesses are getting caught in the crossfires of this. Now, at this point, you might be saying, "Matt, this sounds super complicated. Is it even safe to do YouTube anymore? How can I know if my content is at risk? Well, YouTube has something called a violative view rate. And this sits at about6 to8%. You might be saying, Matt, why are you even telling me this? Well, what this practically means is that out of every 10,000 views on the platform, 16 to 18 of them come from policy violating content. So, it is a relatively low amount of content that is going to be policy violating. And that brings me to what happened on July 15th of 2025. YouTube dropped what they're calling inauthentic content rules that completely changed monetization eligibility. And 99% of creators still have no idea that this happened. This is the breaking news that's going to affect every single creator on this platform. So what does this mean for you right now? Well, for example, if you're making reaction content, for example, you need substantial commentary, not just watching and occasionally saying, "Wow, that's crazy." If you're using AI, for example, to help you with producing your YouTube videos, you don't want to just rely on it 100% and just mass generate videos to put on the platform cuz YouTube is looking down on that. You want to have a human involved in the videos at some point for any type of channel that you're running. That doesn't mean you can't use AI. You certainly can, but only if you use it the right way. So, if you're using any kind of template-based approach to mass generating content on YouTube where all the content looks almost exactly the same and it's not providing any original value, you could face immediate demonetization starting right now. So, now that you understand what's happening and now that I've probably scared the crap out of you and you might be saying, Matt, should I even be doing YouTube at this point? Let me break down the five biggest mistakes that are causing channel deletions so you can avoid them. I'm not just telling you this to say that YouTube is over because it certainly is not. You just have to adapt and follow the rules that YouTube is giving us so you can build a real long-term business on the platform because that's certainly possible. But you need to be avoiding these five biggest mistakes. And mistake number one is the fair use assumption. And this is a pretty big mistake because I see creators all the time who think that just giving credit or giving attribution down in the description of your videos to a video that you used in your video instantly protects you from anything. That could not be further from the truth. So, YouTube's Content ID system processes nearly a billion copyright takedowns every single year. And the crazy part about that is that 60% of disputes are resolved in favor of uploaders. And so, what this tells us is that there's over 2.2 million unjustified takedowns happening that creators have to actively dispute. But most creators don't even know how they can dispute them. Mistake number two is using AI content without disclosing it. Since March of 2024, YouTube introduced a setting when you're uploading videos. You might have seen it since most people that watch this channel run YouTube channels where YouTube requires you to check a box if there's any content containing quote realistic, altered, or synthetic material. And if you don't do that properly and YouTube finds out about it, you could face getting caked out of the partner program, meaning that you'd be completely demonetized. This label then, once you select it when uploading a video, will appear in your description. Now, the third mistake is what YouTube calls patternbased harassment. And this isn't just obviously threatening somebody on a YouTube video. Even if you're just a commentary channel that specifically targets a single individual over and over, multiple times across multiple videos, you're now at risk from being suspended from YouTube's partner program. Even something as simple as prolonged insults can trigger immediate enforcement action. And the fourth mistake is relying too heavily on template-based videos. And I know this hits really close to home for a lot of YouTube automation channels, but YouTube is now targeting channels that upload almost the same video over and over without any meaningful changes on them. So, this means that if you're using nearly identical templates or if you're mass-producing videos using only AI without substantial human value, then you're in the danger zone. And the fifth mistake is not monitoring the early warning signs that your channel is at risk. So, this happened to me on my channel as well where I had a couple videos get warnings on them and then the videos got taken down, but I didn't get any strikes for them. And so I was just assuming that, you know, these were just one-off instances. I could just email YouTube and get this fixed since I didn't think my content violated any policies, but that was just the first step. Then I got two strikes on the channel. And by the way, if you get three strikes, your entire channel will be completely deleted. So then I panicked. And it was at that point that it was almost too late. And then I took action to protect my channel. And what I think was happening with both my channel and what I've seen across so many different make money online channels as well that are facing issues because they're uploading make money content is the fact that in a lot of these videos they're making claims about how much money someone could potentially make doing a method. Now I always give a disclaimer in my videos telling people that, you know, I can't guarantee you're going to make a million dollars just by watching this video and I can't guarantee you'll make any money at all, but I'm just showing some tutorials on how I personally have built my YouTube channels. But when you use titles like how to make a $100 a day on YouTube or lazy way to make money online and stuff like this, it can trigger alarm bells in the YouTube algorithm due to the fact that I think that YouTube is cracking down on this type of content because they don't want people making those claims because then it reflects badly on YouTube to agencies like the FTC, for example, in the United States who go after those types of claims. So practically what this means is that if you run a channel in the make money online space or if you're even making any claims at all on your videos, make sure to do it in a way where you're not putting it in your title and your thumbnail like make $100 a day because I think YouTube is automatically going after those types of content and instead think about how you can word it a little bit differently like how to build a business full tutorial. That's a much better title that's going to make sure that your channel is a lot safer. So I'm changing the strategy on my entire channel here on Make Money Matt. You might have noticed it. I'm doing different titles, a little bit different of a strategy, but overall, I'm still trying to provide as much value as I possibly can to you when it comes to building YouTube channels and businesses. And like I mentioned earlier in this video, this is not just an isolated incident with my channel. There are tons of different make money channels that are facing the same thing. And in fact, I even had a playlist of a bunch of the top make money videos on YouTube. I had hundreds of videos in that playlist. And when I opened that playlist earlier this month, I noticed something shocking. almost half of the videos were gone. That means that those videos were either privated, they were taken down by YouTube directly, or they got warnings or even direct strikes from YouTube and then they had to take those videos down. So, be very careful if you are doing the make money niche. Just make sure to do it in a way where you're not going to be breaking any YouTube guidelines. What I like to do as well is to make a custom GPT of all the YouTube guidelines. You can do this by just putting them into chat GPT and making a custom GPT on there. and then you can run potential titles through them to see if there would be any issue. This is what I've been doing lately and it's been working really good. And so make money online content, mass-produced AI content, and content that overall just doesn't give much value are all types of content that are being targeted and taken down by YouTube. And I don't think this is necessarily YouTube's fault either because YouTube has to abide by certain laws depending on the countries that they're operating in. And so it's our responsibility to also follow those laws. But at this point, you might be saying, "Matt, this all sounds terrifying. How do I actually protect my channel? Well, this is where the successful creators separate themselves from everybody else. The successful creators use what I like to call the systematic prevention framework. And the first step of implementing this framework is to implement a content review system before you publish anything on your channel. What this practically means is using something like a custom GPT to look through your titles and your scripts potentially, especially if you're within a very high-risk type of content like make money online content. And also make sure to use YouTube's built-in systems check, which will scan your content for any automatic copyright violations or any other violations that there might be in your videos. Maybe it'll be a certain word that you say or something else that could potentially trigger that. When you upload videos, YouTube will run those checks on there and then it'll show you if there's any problems with it. So, I typically recommend setting your videos to private, letting those checks run until you see check marks across everything, and then only from there publish the videos if there's no problems. If there's potential problem, then run your scripts on a custom GPT trained on the YouTube policies and then try to target what the issues were and then remove those. The second step is having a real copyright compliance strategy. What this means is that if you do use other content out there online from YouTube or anywhere else, make sure that you have an original voice over on top of it, that you're following the fair use guidelines, which means making it transformative from the original piece of content. And make sure you're giving value. Don't just re-upload a video. Instead, if you're using a video, make sure it's used in the context of being a very small part of your video and you're using a lot of other videos as well, as well as using assets from stock footage websites like Story Blocks, for example, which is what I personally use on a lot of my channels. And there's a lot of types of channels where you actually never have to even worry about copyrighted material. These are channels where you are either doing animations on your channel. A lot of channels are succeeding hugely with that, or they're channels that are using only stock footagebased content. But you want to make sure you're putting your own spin on the script and not relying entirely on just AI. Step number three then is to make sure that your videos actually give value. And the biggest way you can do that is by making sure your scripts actually give value. And instead of just using an AI like Chat GPT to generate your scripts that are going to be the same as thousands of other videos on the platform because thousands of other people will be doing the exact same thing. Instead of doing that, write your scripts originally yourself or pay somebody experienced to do so for you. Or if you are insistent on using an AI, which I personally do on a lot of my channels, make sure that you use one like Tube Magic in which you can put in context videos from YouTube that will train your scripts to be based on that particular type of content, which will make sure that your content is unique compared to all of the other types of content that are out there on YouTube. You won't just be making duplicate content. Plus, it'll give a lot of value because it'll extract the best insights from all of those videos that you input as context scripts. And it'll be trained on all of the best strategies for writing scripts, such as the best hook strategies, the best rehook strategies to keep people hooked throughout the entire video and advanced psychology techniques that will keep people watching. Now, let's say, god forbid, that your channel does get terminated. If that ever happens to you, you need to understand the reality of submitting an appeal. YouTube's appeal process heavily favors automated decisions with human review remaining limited and inconsistent. But here's the secret that most creators don't know. There are alternative appeal routes that are a lot easier and a lot more effective than the standard process that most people go through. For example, if you atte less than a 5% success rate, but other alternatives like YouTube support forums provide public visibility that can pressure a human review. And basically, if this ever happens, you just want to explain what happened and explain why you don't think that your content breaks any policies. And you can try to find the policy that your channel was terminated for. And then you can specifically write a documented take on why you think that that was wrong and give specific examples of why your videos were not breaking any rules if they weren't. Another really good resource you can use is the YouTube live chat feature. Especially if you're a YouTube partner, you'll have access to that. So, if any problems arise, you can simply log in with the Google account that you're using under the YouTube help section. And then under that, you'll be able to choose to talk to a live agent. And typically, these live agents aren't really able to help with anything. However, they typically can connect you with somebody who is. So, I highly recommend using that if you ever have any issues. Now, the smartest creators right now are treating compliance as a core part of their business and not just an afterthought like 99% of people have done. And also the smart creators are creating backup systems outside of YouTube as well. For example, setting up email lists to collect emails from their viewers. So then if anything happens to your channel, you've still at least got that. Also having other social media, developing multiple revenue streams beyond just YouTube AdSense revenue. So if you do that and on top of that, you're also abiding by all of YouTube's rules, it's going to help you a lot. So implement this systematic prevention framework that I've given you in this video. And if you are interested in my entire system for running YouTube channels, exactly how I'm able to run a ton of different channels that are completely faceless, that abide by all of YouTube's rules, that actually get a lot of views, and that I've made a huge business out of doing, then you might want to check out Tube Accelerator. This is not just a course. It's basically all of my systems that I've developed over my past 10 years on YouTube. Plus, you get access to my entire YouTube content creation team. We'll make your first video for you, and we'll make sure that you're doing things the right way. So, if you're serious about building a sustainable business on YouTube that can survive policy changes and enforcements, then feel free to click the link down in the description to book a call with my team. But whether you work with us or not, please make sure that you implement these protection strategies. I really want to make sure that your channel that you have out there is able to operate for a long time and so you can make a real business out of doing this cuz YouTube has completely transformed my life. Brought me from a broke high school student to making millions of dollars in my early 20s. Now, obviously, I can't guarantee you're going to make millions of dollars or anything else, but I really just want your YouTube channel to be protected. And the creators that are prepared are going to be the ones that succeed. So, you got this. Keep up the good work. Feel free to check out this video as well, which is basically a free course for how to do YouTube without ever showing your face. The new way of doing this, also known as YouTube automation, and I show you how to build a real business out of doing it and everything else in this video right here. My name is Matt Parr. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one. Piso.

  Top Comments:
  1. @slaw.s.664 [1 likes]: Yes it's insightful but this Noah, as I remember him, he was making faceless content in so called "true crime" niche which was in some degree fake, which is what you Matt are saying in yr other video. So he's not really respected, and even IMO he should be sued for spreading some of these pseudo facts. At the same time he boasts about how much he earned which turned out mainly cheating the YT as YT said by terminating his channel💪💪 BTW I'd like to add that FTC not always does their job well.
  2. @mariofacts1: Thanks 👍🏿
  3. @shadowx-2652: This possibly happened to froyo gamers. Copyrights. Reason why i love and hate yt at the same time. Suspensions are better when it comes to strikes, bullying comments among other things. Can't re-upload vids on another channel too.
  4. @shadowx-2652: This possibly happened to froyo gamers. Copyrights. But the reason why i love and hate yt at the same time. Suspensions are better when it comes to strikes, illicit vids among other things. Can't re-upload vids on another channel too
  5. @WithBellssOn: one of my favourite channels has been terminated, a beautiful family that travel has had they're large channel 124k Subscribers terminated, I wonder if they will get it back?! Sad for them.
  6. @animals-e3t: Youtube is currupt and there liars there deleting channels cause they dont wanna have to pay out some of the large amounts of money they have to pay to certain channels so therr deleting them with lies
  7. @radiradium7: I'm got terminated my channel for no reason radi fnf fpe 💚🖤 channel just got terminated 😭😭😭😭
  8. @keithburks3247: K ziel just got Deleted for no reason
  9. @velvextics: Guys my channel keeps getting deleted like what is this
  10. @GrimsicalHome: YouTube downright SUCKS. And I'm thinking of dumping it altogether. Just when I started getting some traction, they deleted my channel and did not honor my appeal. No reason. No nothing. Now, my new channel doesn't get my videos shown at all. 1 view.... 0 views. WTF?
  11. @Keylimepie-q6m: And also sadie I feel bad and this is my new one my old one got deleted yesterday and I got mad
  12. @blossomglow17: My channel got deleted blossomglow16
  13. @Powerful34-o6w: YouTube banned my channel and now I can’t sign in 😢
  14. @theswim92x: YouTube banned my channel and now I can’t even legally create a new one?! Banned account = banned person. How does this work? Please help.
  15. @Cody4192-minecraft: 2nd time ive lost my channel my first one had 937 subs and I woke up and it got terminated and my second one had 530 subs and got banned and I’m getting so pissed off
  16. @TrevorGardner4802-v4r: I just wish my old YouTube channel comes back! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I made all my videos for animation!
  17. @SpellsStories: What about the storytelling channels? YouTube has a extra beef with them.
  18. @FluffyMugiLand: I just got one account removed first I got a warning but because i dont use it much i thought not much of it but then it got removed and another account got removed because you cant have a youtube channel when a channel of you is removed? which now i even wonder if I will also lose this channel all because of 1 video and a warning i forgot about. I still find it crazy that youtube just straight up bans you from making accounts when there is so much weird shit on youtube
  19. @njabss-l1n: I have 10 channels and now I have 4 and you know what I learned. YouTube is useless because another platform are available and unlucky YouTube they won't remove your channel or page for no reason so YouTube can keep my channels once I lost them all. I'm done with YouTube for good.
  20. @VINYHOME: I just challenged a homeless guy to a food challenge and got removed😢😢😢😢😢😢

- YouTube Shorts VS Longs (My new strategy for growth): Kind: captions Language: en today's topic is a hot one if you want to grow your YouTube channel you're trying to get views maybe you're trying to get your first 1,000 subscribers really what should your YouTube short strategy be and what are the pros and cons of YouTube shorts versus long videos on YouTube we're going to unpack this in depth so uh buckle your seat belt and let's dive into the video you got to just press record hey what's up Sean canel here your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel and today's question comes from Wes and he says what's the best short and long form split strategy for channels that are under 1K thanks so much for the question so this video is going to be broken down into a few parts you can check out the chapters we're going to talk about the pros and cons of each format so let's start off with YouTube shorts and we'll start with the pros one they are quick and easy to produce the cool thing about YouTube shorts is they can be produced just on your smartphone and edited you know you add text music and everything right in the YouTube app right also the potential for viral success bottom line shorts can get you more views now those views could argue be vanity in some cases just meaning wow I got a lot of views but what happened I mean did you make money did it really make an impact but nevertheless potential for viral success and exposure they're also great for beginners so if you're thinking about which format to do you know you might dream of making long form but once you get into like what I'm doing here like I got a lens on my a7c uh 2 I've got a tripod I was figuring it out all the settings and we've got an ND filter to get this you know dialed in and make sure the exposure is right I don't even think it is it's too bright let's actually ND filter this down a little bit you know it's long form and then the editing that goes into this and all of that so if you're just starting out shorts are a great way to start out because of just getting your content creation muscles developed and built out now another Pro you yoube shorts is high engagement shorts are designed for quick consumption and so the Chance by engagement I mean someone finishing the video is a lot more likely in a video that's less than 60 seconds than a video like this that's like a master class the other cool thing about YouTube shorts is there kind of like a sample at the shopping mall at the Cinnabon there's a nice lady there she's got some Cinnabon samples and a lot of people you can't it's irresistible like you got to grab that and you know that's delicious and then you go in and you buy a pack of the four buns or you go for the full size like it's a sample but a lot of people might watch the sample and engage with it but they might move on but then some people might stick around the other Pro of YouTube shorts is they're easy to repurpose for vertical videos on multiple platforms if you've already created the vertical video I post them everywhere Instagram Twitter X I mean Elon I apologize Facebook LinkedIn Tik Tok one asset one vertical video now another Pro is shorts could be complimentary to long form video meaning on YouTube there is that related video thing you can connect nobody clicks it but you can do it and so while shorts could be like the sample of your long form video the question is not a lot of people are going into the Cinnabon a lot of people taking the sample not a lot of people going in now I know people have different experiences in fact I'm curious where you stand on the shorts versus long form debate what the experience for you has been and then one other Pro is many brands are seeking sponsorships with vertical content creators and typically a vertical content creator is multiplatform so if you're making great vertical videos one of the best ways to monetize is going to be brand deals and sponsorships because they pretty much stripped everything else clickable links and all that stuff we'll cover that but if that's your strategy then Yeehaw giddy up let's go YouTube shorts that reminds me of one of our students Ryan Johnson who does an intermittent fasting Channel and the thing that popped off for him was YouTube shorts and brand deals has been one of the things that he's been able to do to monetize and he's been able to build up like a $12,000 a month business doing a lot of different things as far as monetization streams but again nevertheless YouTube shorts was legit for him and he does long form as well but shorts was the main thing so shorts can work for sure but there are some warnings there are some cons so let's cover those so some of the downsides of YouTube shorts is less in-depth content you are limited by the 60 seconds and that's the idea it could be a teaser and you certainly could deliver a certain level of value but there's no way we could get as nuanced as we're getting in this video shorts viewers often differ from long viewers in my opinion they're not as good but they're they're different for example shorts viewers have shorter attention spans which is not helpful I mean in a long form video which is much more lucrative in terms of AD Revenue the short attention span's not not good so which kind of viewers or subscribers do you want you know long form viewers have a tolerance for long form content if you're even watching this video it tells me that you're of a a serious nature I mean it honestly does it actually tells me that like you're more serious you're more ambitious you're more you're more maybe introspective intellectual not that all shorts viewers are like not intellectual but like you want some serious meat on the bones like you're trying to make this a career like you're trying to really get into stuff so the the viewers differ and so consider that I mean lower monetization potential YouTube shorts has gone up in terms of RPM we've seen 4 cents N9 cents on think media think media podcast sometimes higher these days I've seen 17 cents and 24 cents that's going to be per a th000 views now on the th media podcast Channel our Channel wide RPM is like $10 sometimes higher I think and so that's crazy more I don't know that's 50x more can somebody crunch the math between 25 cents per th000 views and $10 per th000 views what is that in the comments like that's more potential algorithm dependence you really have a Reliance on the algorithm for Discovery with shorts which could be a bad thing if YouTube shorts are popping off and you're getting in the shorts feed and like we Yeehaw things are great usually if you're doing shorts you're like bro we need millions of views like millions and millions and millions we had a short pop off on think media podcast 9.1 million views probably at the time of recording this and it's earned us $1,700 which is sick that's some real money but I had to get n million views you know like that's so you have to be like in the millions to even be playing the game and usually search based shorts don't get millions of views punchline search-based content and usually long form content especially in education can really benefit and it's it's less algorithm dependent it's more the intent of the viewer searching on Google searching other places finding your content and finding it for weeks months and years to come so just something to consider they also have a shorter lifespan kind of ties into that whereas long form videos can be much more Evergreen so shorts may not continue to pop off and long form very much could have a longer lifespan and then shorts this is a big one shorts have limited call to action options especially since YouTube stripped the ability to have click able links in your description and in your PIN comment description kind of doesn't even matter cuz it's so hard to get to in YouTube shorts but even your PIN comment so from a practical I want to do this full-time I want to do this you know make a living doing this if you're not just getting those millions of views and not getting the brand deals and sponsorships or the like you get so many views that the ad Revenue makes sense then you can't really do affiliate marketing and you can't really give call to actions and not only that you kind of shouldn't give call to actions that's not the nature of the shorts feed and then converting those viewers into long form consumers can be challenging the overall consensus seems to be is people are just not moving over right it's two different audiences and the people that subscribed for shorts want to watch more shorts and the people that subscribe for long form don't necessarily cross over now there's also a few things to consider the technical diffic differences between YouTube shorts and long form for example um I uh threw this question out to our community and one person said a pro for long form is being able to change the thumbnails even later not only have custom thumbnails but change them later and the con for YouTube shorts is you're not able to change the thumbnail after posting you can't even upload custom thumbnails one but two the way they are discovered so how the shorts feed works the shorts feed is where the magic is happening and where the action is happening but when you're knowing the technical differences you know there's no time codes in chapters you can't even really scroll right you're forced to you're held hostage by the short you can't like scroll through it it Loops there's different things that are happening long form could have time codes and chapters you can skip around in this video to different parts now let's talk about the pros and the cons of long form videos on YouTube and number one is higher monetization not just because the RPMs are whatever X 50x higher than how much you'll get paid for ads on YouTube shorts not only that though you can have multiple ad placements in long form videoos so you have pre-roll and post Roll But mid-roll as well and if it's a longer video higher RPMs and the higher chance of multiple ads playing from a economic standpoint the winner is pretty clear now also stronger audience connection when you have longer content like we're able to really connect here it feels like if you're still watching this video and it's broken into parts and like this master class like we're really connecting the thing that's with shorts is super interesting in my EXP experience is I like them by the way I enjoy watching them but I've almost never clicked subscribe to a channel I never even know where the content's coming from I'm just kind of being entertained I'm just getting you know what's being shown to me the depth of connection sometimes I just get the tip I get the information I get the entertainment but then I move on whereas on long form content the connection is super deep on on X I did a post and my friend Roberto Blake described it this way he talked about shorts broad reach versus Longs deep relationship and I think that sums it up well that definitely stronger audience connection happens with long form content another one is builds Authority and so we this is kind of like deep connection but if you've got videos out there on long form um it shows people you know your stuff like you can really unpack it how many layers deep can you go on a topic and so if you want to build a strong personal brand again you might give out samples of your personal brand on shorts and some people go a little bit deeper and is like oh my goodness this girl really knows what she's talking about this dude is smart he knows what he's talking about and so um a lot of times you don't remember who posted the short that personal brand isn't built in the same way or that Authority isn't built in the same way but once you get a rich experience in a long form video with the Creator there's a lot more depth now in engaged long form subscribers are more profitable I don't just mean you make more money in ads actually the quality of the subscriber that watches long form is more profitable the CMO of HubSpot said YouTube subscribers are the most valuable subscribers on the internet I believe he's talking about long form YouTube subscribers compare that to Tik Tok compare that to Vertical videos on other platforms none of these platforms have figured out how to monetize vertical really well they haven't figured out how to get the RPMs up because it's just very hard to do the the CEO of Instagram said like honestly even these crater funds make us lose money like we haven't cracked the code on vertical video yet long form is really where it is long form a lot of times attracts people who want educational content they're perhaps more of more serious in nature they perhaps have better purchasing power like for example people who use LinkedIn have higher incomes and higher net worth Than People overall on other social media platforms it's probably obvious because literally LinkedIn is a professional Network so while YouTube really incompasses the entire world all ages all backgrounds all different types of people including professionals bottom line is certain types of educational content is going to attract people who want to do business you know who maybe want to buy your products and services who are looking for depth and not just if you will broad appeal and another Pro for long form is yes you can do brand deals on vertical but you're going to probably get more lucrative higher ticket brand deals on long form so it's it's maybe how many brand deals do you want to do how much per upload if it's a vertical video or a YouTube short that's sponsored versus an integration in a YouTube video just something to consider but let's talk a little bit about the cons of long form long form content often times requires higher production time and more effort as well as more complex planning and execution shorts are simple and fast and high quality long form is not as fast another con of long form content is that it can have higher production costs now we're living in a world where of course you can film horizontally on your phone and perhaps accessorize it for just a few dollars but depending on your vision for your long form content whether that's a video podcast that can start getting kind of pricey multiple cameras multiple angles good you know podcast microphones I have one here that perfectly just is on an arm that could come into the camera also lower engagement rates now this isn't necessarily a bad thing sometimes when I upload a video like this that's however long it it might be 45 minutes long or 30 minutes long and the average percentage viewed is you know only 20 or 30% but the average view duration is still 14 minutes 18 minutes 22 minutes on some of my long form videos so compare that how many 7 Seconds of you're a little short with the trending music compared to someone hanging out with me for 18 minutes even if technically the engagement rate or like the percentage views a little bit lower so just a couple things to be considering and it's true one of the cons of long form is sometimes slower growth shorts can be like sugar like it's oh wow wow look at all those views look at how fast I'm growing look at how many subscribers I'm getting it's like a sugar high but it wears off and what are you left with where shorts is like going to the gym and eating healthy you're like I'm not getting results very fast but slow and steady you're building something strong you're building a solid brand you're building a loyal audience You're Building deeper connections and also a competitive landscape I think both have probably leveled out but since shorts are relatively new as in only a couple years old and Longs are since the beginning ultimately there's a lot of competition really in both but ultimately the best choice CH between shorts and Longs depends on your content on your audience or target audience and your goals what is your ultimate goal with YouTube what are you trying to achieve far too many people fall into the Trap of chasing views like if views is the number one metric you're solving for you might have the wrong metric but by the way it's about self-awareness because is it about impact is it about money is it about quality subscribers or subscribers period is it about as many views as possible as quick as possible or is it about Healthy Growth so I think getting clear on your ultimate goal with YouTube is a big deal second question what content format fits your channel theme or your channel Niche best there's certain types of content that works really well in shorts and just can't really be expanded or isn't as desired in long form and also vice versa Deep dive WordPress or Excel tutorials might you might get a little tip in shorts but if I'm going to sit down and like really learn how to use Excel that's going to be you know for long form so ask yourself if you had all the money in the world and all the skills in the world which format would actually be superior based on your channel strategy another question is what is your personality playing to your strengths it's not just about analyzing what's best when you get align with your strengths that is when the magic happens for some people they just get vertical video like it works for them that's their Vibe some people are maybe a little bit more long- winded it's hard for me to land the plane we've been taxiing to the gate for quite a while now we we've been circling the tower But ultimately what fits your personality another question what fits your schedule and so back to shorts being a great content format for beginners learning how to create content maybe it's less about the answer for you is just I don't have a lot of time I want to get in the game and I want to be making progress towards my goals there's no excuses grab your phone and start posting shorts the point is to like get into the routine to develop the content muscle memory that's the purpose that's what you're trying to do and you might not have us the schedule to develop longer form videos what is most realistic today for you right now in this season what can you sustain what is realistic and I think that all of us as content creators are dreamers we dream of the studio we'll have one day the gear that we would love to have the kind of content we would love to have and a lot of times we live in the gap between where we are today and what it is we want to do eventually to close that Gap just ask yourself what's most realistic and get started with that and you can level up as you go because the sooner you start posting and the sooner you get new skills and the sooner you start to monetize is the sooner you can reinvest and the sooner you can buy back your time and the sooner that you can go part-time at work and then level up your content a little bit start with what you have now it's not about your resources it's about your resourcefulness and be realistic for today and do your best because the decisions and choices and actions you take today are the key to unlocking the life and the online business and the YouTube channel that you want tomorrow and then another question to ask is should you actually do both if you have the resources to do it is it strategically smart to do it for your Niche and for your channel I was talking to Scott from rafiti Uncle Raph and he was talking about like if you have a video podcast shorts are a no-brainer like in that particular context there's the answer for you you're already doing long form video it's a very proven tried and tested format and a lot of times if the YouTube shorts that you're posting what you don't want is your YouTube shorts to be radically different than your main Channel content but if your main Channel content is 30 minute or 60 Minute interviews and conversations with people and the shorts are clips of that then they just logically connect for some people their shorts are just so different than their other types of content and that can cause a problem because not only is it kind of two different audiences in terms of their consumption preference some people like to consume shorts some people like to consume long form it's different in even expectation I don't always do a good job at this especially because I film podcast on the road I film podcast here at this setup when I'm at the Vegas Studio I film at Anderson Studios like and so there isn't necessarily the same visual branding think about that if you've got the same look and visual branding and it can have that alignment then people can easily transition in a better way from your shorts to your long form in some cases it's very strategic to do both and you might have the bandwidth and then in other cases just picking one might be the best decision for you well we've reached part three of the video and I've got five final tips to kind of wrap things up but these are probably some of the most important strategic insights so um here they are number one your goal should be to eventually use both shorts and Longs you know we had Dave Ramsey speak at our conference in Las Vegas it's called grow with video live if you actually want to get on the wait list for the next one I'll link info in the description about it but here's what he said he said you should be platform agnostic now it's kind of weird to say for someone like me because like I'm on YouTube and I love YouTube and I wrote the book YouTube secrets with my friend Benji second edition's out like we're pretty into YouTube but even saying that like I'm posting content on every platform that I can about how awesome YouTube is because of rank videos Evergreen content all that kind of stuff I also want to reach people that are serious and that maybe want to join our products or programs or coaching so I'm willing to go anywhere to to meet them anybody that's interested in YouTube I'm will to go find them so when he says be platform agnostic I think at some point you might want to be content format agnostic what does that mean it means that if I want to get my message out if I want to help people serve people reach people I'd love to reach them with shorts I'd love to reach them with Longs I'd love to reach him on a podcast I'd love to reach him with videos your bandwidth today might not allow you to do all of that in fact that's a good warning in the book we actually talk about in the social media chapter we talk about the three seasons we talk about the side Hustle season we talk about the solo pure season and then the scale season very different side hustle you probably shouldn't be doing too much you might want to really narrow your focus and say focus on just long form in the solopreneur season now you're Allin but it's just you like you're full-time but it's still kind of crazy and you still should be careful with how divided your energy is in the scale season that's where think media is this company is about 20 W2s or 25 working here contractors and some other people so that's how I'm able to be like a lot of places it's how we're able to do a lot of things is depending on the season that you're in but the bottom line is eventually you should absolutely do both number two the video podcast strategy I think something to consider I touched on it you know previously but if you're doing a video podcast then doing the long form podcast and doing Clips which would still be horizontal videos that are over a minute but just a clip from the podcast and then shorts from the podcast make a lot of sense like this is kind of a proven topic we can actually I'll link to a playlist we have if you're thinking about starting a video podcast you want help with that and you want to go deeper on that one then you should definitely do both and in and of itself I think it's it's one of my favorite content formats favorite strategies and it lends itself to all of the above um number three native content is always best versus repurposed content shorts and Longs conversations interesting what what some people do is they'll make a video with five tips and they're like so here's what I'm going to do I'm going to make my video with five tips even on like cooking or something and then I'm going to make each tip a short and it's like okay like you might get some more views on that but what's always much more effective is making an individual short again I know I just said like you should clip your video podcast but like that's different because that moment in of itself is like a complete thing and people may maybe don't want to eat the whole Cinnabon they just want to eat the sample they don't want to watch the three hour video podcast how long can these video podcasts get they just want to watch you know the highlights whereas I think some people are kind of like forcing these shorts out and like using the related video Fe feature and it's it's kind of like maybe a waste of energy whereas a crafted short by native it means you designed it with shorts in mind it means means maybe you even shot it on a phone edited it on the YouTube shorts app or cap cut and really thought about it as opposed to just using AI to repurpose it or something and you're just doing a volume thing of like lower quality I'm for those tools but something to think about that if you really want shorts to work well then create shorts strategically to be shorts and if you want longs to work well you know do the same number four one high quality high value long form video per week if you said Sean if you were going to do YouTube from scratch and it's a side hustle for you and you're trying to juggle family and work and kids or whatever what would your approach be I wouldn't be wasting time on social media yet I probably wouldn't even be thinking about YouTube shorts I would post one high quality High effort long form video per week I wouldn't even be obsessed with the per week the reason why is when you put out a truly good YouTube video good title good packaging we call it the perfect video recipe topic title thumbnail good content you've done your research the video has the opportunity to have a long shelf life to rank in search to continue to be suggested by YouTube it's just such a higher leveraged activity that if I'm in the side Hustle season and even the solopreneur season and even the scale season you got to be obsessed with continuing to put out high quality High effort long form videos as many as you can do but often times I think we put out too much low effort lowquality content that's the strategy I would be after you said you under a th000 subscribers the person who asked this question that turned into this video I would just be like overly obsessed with one highquality High effort video per week before I even worry about other stuff and then once I have that dialed I would double down on it again and to expand on that tip number five is these would be my priorities I would focus first on high value long form video then the next thing I would do is stay on YouTube and not get distracted by social media so I would start doing strategic repurposing on YouTube meaning perhaps you're cutting some stuff out of your long form videos on YouTube just continue to compound the momentum on platform and then my third priority would be off platform strategic repurposing of your YouTube content onto other platforms but there's just something powerful about the about Focus you know Focus stands for follow one course until successful focus and so to compound momentum you don't want to be a shotgun especially at the start you want to be a laser you want to cut through the noise you want to break through on YouTube you want to get discovered you want to build momentum those would be my priorities and if you actually want to get even more geeky than this and super tactical then click or tap the screen to check out my video on how to 5x your views with a short strategy that you've probably never heard before hit like if you got value out of this one my name is Sean canell your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel and we'll talk soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [41 likes]: What strategy best fits your channel? Let us know below! ⬇
🔗 Join the waitlist for the next Grow With Video YouTube Summit ➡︎ http://GrowWithVideoLive.com 
🎯 Check out the #1 best-selling book YouTube Secrets here ➡︎ https://ytsecrets.com/ 
🔥 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉http://Tube1KChallenge.com
  2. @cudowntheroad [1 likes]: We are on the early journey to 1k subs. Thanks for tips. Really useful. 🙏
  3. @culturalconfederacy: This was extremely helpful. I have a channel that's as simple as it gets: still shot, smartphone, my voice. Covering history preservation (art, music, culture). But I'm finding more views with the shorts and talking about current events related to the topics mentioned above. Should I stay with shorts or do a ratio of 1 short to one long form video. My dilemma is I don't look good on camera. Whereas it seems more natural to work behind the camera. Do have one idea in mind. Just don't want to give that away yet.
t
  4. @TheBotanicalER11-22: It's cool thanks
  5. @prm4uofficial: Интересный момент про то, как Shorts подпитывают длинные видео — но стоит учитывать, что алгоритм сейчас всё больше взвешивает сигналы удовлетворённости (лайки, сохранения, шеры), а не просто просмотры. Получается, что Short должен не просто привлекать, а вызывать действие — например, заканчиваться незакрытым вопросом, который ведёт к длинному ролику. Пробовали ли вы замерять, какой процент зрителей Shorts реально переходит на длинный формат?
  6. @TheFoolTohru: 𝘎𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘵 𝘸𝘰𝘳𝘬 𝘚𝘦𝘢𝘯!
  7. @Hold_Short: lol that Cinnabon store was at Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, IL
  8. @kitastories8049: Thanks for the information ❤
  9. @SnookerSkoolYouTube: Very helpful buddy, like your honest conguant energy, almost 1000 subs startrd this time last year! God bless you
  10. @autosativa: I think you're assuming a bit what content the creator is producing. I'm an artist and plan to feature preview of my art using shorts. That's a big difference from someone giving educational content. Also personally I don't care about adsense or youtbe ads, my goal is to get people to my own store. I'm not saying either is better ofcourse, just that you seem to be thinking about your own style of content.
  11. @roro_n_emy: Can you do both short and long as a new beginner
  12. @Tyler_BruSo: My experience as a small creator:

Shorts has gotten me way more views and subscribers, but when I post shorts regularly, I get like no views on my long form videos. 
When I stopped uploading shorts, my impressions on my long form videos went way up, and I started getting more views per video, but no subscribers. 

All my shorts are clipped from my long form videos. 
I don't know what to do  
😭😭😭
  13. @Multi-AccountMastery: Really appreciate how you broke shorts vs long-form down beyond just “what gets more views” and actually framed it around goals, monetization, and the kind of audience you want to attract. The idea of going all-in on one high-value long video a week and then layering shorts on top later makes a ton of sense, and it actually lines up with how I’ve been using pre-aged channels from accsmarket just to practice vertical content while keeping my main long-form channel focused on deep, searchable videos.
  14. @OlegsDaskals: Thank you! 🙌
  15. @McSherryStudioArt: Thanks for all the advice. That clarified some things for me - I produce painting demonstration videos which don't really lend themselves to shorts. Also, my clientele are probably older people who still have decent attention-spans!
  16. @GenXers: Shorts help you get used to creating content.
  17. @inresponse2: Still watching lol😂😂😂
  18. @reneepelk77094: ❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉😊
  19. @Yogawithjoo: Thank you for this valuable information! I started my channel about a month ago, and while my goal is to focus on longer videos, I’ve realized that Shorts help my channel grow much faster.

I will never stop chasing my dreams, and I truly believe in all of you as long as you ever stop trying. Don’t give up because of failure. Learn from it, improve, and try again.
  20. @MoraltaleNexus-Universe: Thanks bro  for making the Pro and Cons  about   uploading

- 10 YOUTUBE SHORTS HACKS | Unlocking Rapid Growth For Your Channel with Proven Tips & Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en these are the top 10 YouTube shorts tips that I've discovered by posting to YouTube shorts for the past 6 months this video is not a YouTube shorts tutorial so we'll save that for another 10 and if you stay till the end there'll be a bonus tip that'll guarantee that you'll know everything you need to know about YouTube shorts we all know the basic YouTube shorts tips they need to be vertical videos 60 seconds or less it helps to have a niche and post consistently but what about other tips and strategies that you can use when you're posting your shorts videos so that they could see more success and more results tip number one start with throwing spaghetti at the wall if you have short form content on your Instagram or Tik Tok start repurposing that to YouTube shorts and schedule it out to post every single day for the next 30 days this is what I did when I first started posting to shorts because really this is going to get your foot in the door you'll really be able to test to see what videos work well for you and your Niche and specifically what videos does YouTube shorts like to remove watermarks from your Tik Tok videos you're going to go to snap tick. apppp and to remove watermarks from your Instagram rails videos you're going to go to snap insta doapp and then you could go back study your analytics for those videos test to see what was the drop off point which videos had the most watch time and start to recreate the things that were working well tip number two when writing your YouTube shorts title the first 30 to 40 characters are the most important why is it the most important not because of an algorithm thing but because of the viewer's perspective on desktop when scrolling through the homepage on YouTube the viewer only sees about the first 30 characters of your YouTube title versus on the mobile app when the user is scrolling on their homepage they will probably only see the first 40 characters of your title so really the first 30 to 40 characters is going to help you capture your scrollers attention and get them to click through to your video tip number three put your call to action in the pinned comments of your video so this is something that I learned the hard way I'm somebody that I do have a few call to actions in my videos if you don't know what a call to action is it is basically when you tell somebody the next step for how to engage with you you could say double tap this video comment below something that you want to see next or comment any questions you have you could also say go to the link down below and download this freebie take my free training so that's a call to action my mistake was I was putting call to action links in the description but we're kind of monkeys trained by Tik Tok and when we're watching short firm videos naturally the audience will go to the comments to scroll through the comments so when you put your call to action in the pinned comments of your YouTube shorts that's going to be one of the first things that somebody sees whereas if you put it in your description it's actually really hard to get to that place and really inconvenient for the nowadays trained user so I'm watching YouTube short it comes up I click on it naturally I want to go to the comments because that's where the fun is that's where we could engage with other people so your pinned comment is there if somebody wanted to go to the description they would have to go out of their way click the three dots view description and then the description will show up so putting all the goodness into your pinned comment is the best way to go if you're somebody who is new to the YouTube platform or just starting to take YouTube a little bit seriously you want to be a full-time Creator here on this platform then I have a free gift for you I created the ultimate YouTube starter workbook this is more than 20 pages of goodness it teaches you how to set up your account properly on YouTube it comes with an equipment checklist it also teaches you how to pick your Niche pick content pillars even doing video topic research and there's a whole section on SEO training how to find keywords and all the things that you definitely want to know when starting and growing a YouTube channel so if that's something that sounds super helpful for you be sure to download the free workbook down below it is my ultimate YouTube starter workbook yes completely for free and I'll be sure to put it in the PIN to comment below tip number four something that worked really well for me when I threw my spaghetti at the wall was using emojis in my titles so anytime I had an emoji that started the title it was like a money tongue Emoji you know what I mean or like the mindblowing Emoji anytime I had an emoji at the beginning of my title those videos had better click-through rates and better view times or watches than my other videos so I thought that was something that was really interesting was incorporating emojis to almost storytelling with the title of course if it has nothing to do with your video or nothing to do with the title then I wouldn't recommend doing this or overusing it but because I had videos that were like three tips for making money as a content creator I would start with the money sign or I had a video that that was five hacks that'll blow your mind obviously I'm going to put the mind-blowing Emoji in the beginning so if you could storytellin in the title of your shorts videos that could be something that could help your click-through rate I also want to mention this kind of ties into tip number one and the current tip we're talking about when I was throwing spaghetti at the wall something that I noticed when studying my analytics was like my best performing videos were my casual videos that I randomly picked up my phone and started recording on they were not my professional videos like this my professional videos like this actually were on the bottom level of the performance they just did not perform very well so if you think like you need to have a fancy setup to have successful shorts you are mistaken my top best performing shorts were ones that I did on my phone out and about in my house like they weren't even this fancy schmancy thing so I just wanted to leave you with that don't let lack of equipment or feeling like you don't have the right things stop you from creating shorts just start tip number five desktop is key okay hear me out I know there are mixed opinions out there of success for people who have like oh no I created my short on my phone and I posted it and it performs so well versus people saying like oh I uploaded it on my desktop and it performed well for me when I studied my analytics I uploaded everything through desktop so I don't really have much comparison for I uploaded on my phone versus desktop what I mean is whether you're using your phone or you're uploading a video from your computer to YouTube finish the posting through your desktop so we'll open up our YouTube app I'm going to hit create we're going to press create short hopefully it's not my face cool and we're just going to like record a random snippet perfect wow looks great next snipp it so you can upload your shorts this way you can start to do it all here but instead of pressing upload short press save draft and then finish the posting on your desktop on desktop you have so many more capabilities and functions that you could do to put your short at an advantage first things first if you have a Chrome extension that's connected to tube buddy or vid IQ your desktop is going to generate title recommendations based off of SEO and keywords so you could really do a lot of keyword research multitasking on your laptop and then plugging those in into your title you have the full description option you also can do tags another thing that people Overlook is the category section making sure you're selecting the proper category of your video so for my educational videos where I'm like here's three tips for making money I categorize that as education and then when I do like lipsyncing or funny voiceover stuff that's not an educational video I categorize that as entertainment and then you could also do people and Vlogs so making sure you're categorizing your videos correctly before they're uploaded so they're pushed to the right people as for hashtags you can literally Google # use policies on YouTube and there's a whole policy section teaching you hey don't overuse the same hashtags over and over so take a look at that for hashtag guidance and of course scheduling your short out again if you're doing the throw spaghetti at the wall method and you have a bunch of videos to start scheduling it's so much easier to batch do that task on a desktop versus your mobile phone if you're just uploading the short through your phone there's no option to add a description to your video so you wouldn't be able to put hashtags you would have to put hashtags in the title which takes up room of character space and you also also won't be able to categorize your shorts correctly so there's just a few things that are missing from the mobile phone option which is why I prefer to finish posting and scheduling on the desktop tip number six while we're talking about the differences between posting through your phone versus desktop there's something that I do want to touch on as of filming this video which I don't think this is going to happen for forever but as of filming this video you can only select a thumbnail for your short via phone I know Millie you just said desktop is the best but I can't even choose a thumbnail for my shirt on desktop oh my gosh it was not always this way I used to be able to select thumbnails on desktop they removed it and then they started bringing it back so that you have it on your phone and Rumor Has It They'll roll it back out for desktop as well so they tried it they took it away they're bringing it back so I will say if you are curious for how to choose a thumbnail what you're going to do is when you go to post your shorts you'll see on the top left there's this little pen icon next to to the video preview you clicked that and then you'll be able to scroll through the video and choose what you want your thumbnail to be so that's how you choose a thumbnail with your shorts videos the reason I added choosing a thumbnail for your shorts as like tip number six as an exciting thing a good thing is because this gives you as a Creator more of an opportunity to get somebody to click your video because there was a time where you couldn't choose a thumbnail for your shorts and YouTube would autogenerate that for you and for me it would pick like the worst moment of my short that wasn't even click baity wasn't even attention grabbing and YouTube's reason for removing that feature was because in the shorts tab on the YouTube app people aren't seeing the thumbnails they just scroll to the next video and video and video just like on Tik Tok but most people for me I don't go to the shorts tab I need a short to capture my attention and then that's what gets me to the shorts Tab and then I end up scrolling so having a thumbnail on your short can be extremely detrimental for your clickthrough rate because that's what somebody's going to see on the home screen they're going to see like the title that says three ways to make money as a creator with the money emoji and then in the thumbnail you're like this and then there's like cash money falling all around you you know what I mean so you're able to be a lot more creative with it just like you already are as a YouTuber with your long form videos creating thumbnails for those so it adds that creative freedom to the Creator and gives us more of an opportunity to give our videos the best chance possible tip number six seven using Google Trends to figure out what's trending on YouTube so Google Trends is such a fun little trick in case you don't know Google owns YouTube so when you go to Google and you type Google Trends there's a website specifically that shows you what is trending on Google right now Google Trends literally shows you what searches are currently trending what people are looking for on the internet on the interwebs and then that puts you at an advantage because you know what people are searching for so then then reverse engineer you're going to make videos on that topic so then the question is Millie how does Google Trends help me because when you go to the explore section I think it's called explore section you can choose the drop down and instead of searching Google specifically you can search YouTube so you can see what trends and Search terms are currently happening on YouTube right now what are people actively looking for on YouTube in the past seven days in the past 30 days in the past three months what I like to do is I like to type in my Niche or my content pillars if I'm not seeing anything that's relevant to me so maybe I'll type in Tik Tock and then sure enough past three months the top search is Tik Tock ban so what am I going to do I'm going to make a video on the Tik Tock band so that is such an opportunity for you to come up with cool content ideas and it doesn't have to be any fancy schmancy long form video you're able to see a trend whip your phone out talk to the camera and make it right then and there so that you could be fast adapting with the trends so you're welcome tip number eight now that you know how to capture your targets audience attention because you're using emojis every once in a while your title within the first 30 to 40 characters your thumbnail is capturing their attention you're doing proper content research so that you know it's trending so that you could get ranking on the homepage and search results so you know how to get in front of people's eyes you know how to capture attention how do you keep the attention now the they've clicked your video tip number eight is to maintain the audience's viewer retention make sure they watch your video beginning to end that's going to give your video the best chance at success in reaching more people how do you do that make sure you're talking right away when the video happens if it's a voiceover there's an audio playing something happens right away there is no awkward pause where you pressed record and now you're going to breathe and the first thing they hear is you going like no we don't want a millennial pause the millennial breath get right to it once they press press the video you're yelling at them okay maybe not yelling at them but there's something happening as soon as they watch your video or press your video using closed captions is really important so you have the text popping up at the bottom mimicking what you're saying and when you're doing closed captions a little tip is to only do a few words at a time so instead of doing like a full-on sentence explaining what you're saying do two to three words popping up every two to three words that you say this is going to have the effect that your video is moving at a really fast pace because their eyes are able to move fast pace with the words constantly changing and having some sort of change happening consistently is going to keep them Watching Next you have the 7c rule I like to do more like a 5c rule where every 5 Seconds something is changing so instead of just talking to the camera and your d d speech to text it's like hey you said your intro hook now you're going to do a green screen where you point to something now you're going to go back to the camera and then back to the green screen like every five to 7 Seconds there's something visually changing about your video that keeps them watching and also show don't tell so if you're talking about this whole experience or this whole story if you have b-roll to back up the story that could play while you're talking or if you have screenshots that you could show behind you and like point with the green screen effect that's going to be super powerful utilizing show don't tell more than just like sitting and talking to the camera is going to be super helpful so I guess I kind of bled number eight to number nine number eight was keep the viewers attention start with a strong hook capture their attention and then number nine is make sure they watch all the way to the end so the best way to do that you can Loop your videos you can start with asking a question that you don't answer until like the last second or two of the video that's not to like do a false promise but an example of that would be like maybe you're in the fashion Niche and you hold up like a pair of skinny jeans and it's like how do you style skinny jeans when they're out of fashion so it starts with the question how do you style skinny jeans when they're out of fashion and you're holding the skinny jeans and instead of showing you styling the skinny jeans first first you're going to start with the rest of the outfit so you have your skinny jeans not on yet they're like in the background hanging or on the wall I don't know and you have your shirt you do your shirt you do your hat you do you get your shoes out you have your pants and then you do it and then you style it all and at the very end it shows the complete look so kind of leading people to the answer and then yeah that 5 to 7 second rule of like try to have something visually change every few seconds is going to help keep the viewers attention and hopefully getting them to watch to the end and then finally don't tell somebody your video is ending don't say like so make sure if you like this video give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel like that whole Spiel is a spoiler alert as like hey video's over if anything keep that ending Spiel short saying something like follow for more tips like really quick don't lead people into guessing hey video's over now I can scroll past tip number 10 adapting to Trends now we already talked about the Google Trends hack that you can do which is super fantastic way of adapting to Trends but there's also a YouTube shorts Trend report that is created by YouTube themselves so if you sign up for YouTube's shorts report then you'll be emailed twice a month with the latest updates to shorts any new features that were released you'll also be emailed inspiration and even content ideas of what's currently trending on shorts right now this is something that I personally love because we don't see a lot of platforms giving its creators straight up answers so that they can see the most success that's why I love YouTube as a platform is they're very transparent and helpful for helping creators have the best results so they have their own email list you sign up for their Trend report and you'll be emailed twice a month to stay up to date on the latest YouTube shorts Trends specifically now for the bonus tip that I promised you at the beginning of this video bonus tip number 11 is to educate yourself I know I said this is going to guarantee you'll know everything you ever need to know about the YouTube shorts but trying tips and tricks from watching a bunch of gurus videos is one way or you can like get your hands dirty roll up your sleeves and get into it educate yourself from the source themselves so there's this playlist that YouTube created fun fact this playlist YouTube created this teaches you everything you need to know about shorts It's a playlist on YouTube of YouTube shorts from YouTube uploaded from other creators they've put everything in one place so that you could scroll and find an answer to almost anything shorts related and that's going to be like your YouTube FAQ resource any question that you have about shorts will probably be found on that playlist so utilize that playlist to your advantage educate yourself and don't forget to download My ultimate YouTube starter workbook this again is over 20 pages of goodness to help you start a successful channel from the very beginning if you've made it this far and you're not already subscribed to my channel what are you even doing subscribe to the channel it's a fun time around here I post every week I give you the latest tips and tricks on YouTube Instagram and Tik Tok give this video a thumbs up hug that subscribe button and turn on the Bell notification so you don't miss when I post my next video I'll see you in the next one follow your joy bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [299 likes]: FREE WORKBOOK (read full comment)! ⏩ https://itsmodernmillie.com/youtube-starter-workbook  
Once you put in your email, the workbook is AUTOMATICALLY sent to you and will be waiting in your inbox! AFTER you receive the workbook, you will be redirected to a new page that will show you an optional product you can purchase! If you don't want the product, no worries! Check your email anyway for the free workbook (don't forget to check your spam!)
  2. @daily_parrot [1 likes]: Let's grow 🎉
  3. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my YouTube channel is going to take off 🎉
  4. @rachellerisling: Great vid thanks!
  5. @prm4uofficial: One thing worth adding to your Shorts strategy — the first frame matters almost as much as a thumbnail since it's what people see when scrolling the Shorts shelf, so treating it like a mini hook card can boost tap-through rate significantly. Curious which of these 10 tips moved the needle most for you over the past 6 months, like was there one change where you saw retention jump noticeably? 🔥
  6. @cre8tivity06: For tip #5 I’m almost positive you can use YouTube Studio on a mobile device to have access to those other sections you said you could only access via a desktop. I just realized this video is also two years old too lol.
  7. @SmallChannelsNailed: Thank you for this video! Liked & subscribed! 😊
  8. @TrendoraStudioS: Help me please
  9. @AdonaiSpeaks26: We can do this, just be consistent make great content and believe in yourself 😊❤
  10. @genkitsune: Welp, its 2026 and we still cannot choose thumnails for desktop XD My guess is that they are just trying to goad people into getting their app.
  11. @7_cats: Thank you for sharing! I watched the entire video, subscribed and appreciate the post! 

I noticed that you followed your own advice with the 5-7 second tip on visuals. This seems important, almost vital, in today's fast-paced world. Technology has shortened our attention spans. We like instant gratification by nature.

 I also love the greenscreen effect that shows your phone without leaving the original scene. Don't take this wrong way...but the only thing that would make this video even more perfect than it already is....would be adding sign language. Since you said you added this video to the EDUCATION category?....maybe there is a way to search and subscribe to channels based on accessibility? Just a thought as I watched the video.  My apologies if you already have this set up. I am new on YouTube and still learning. 

Again, thank you for sharing. It is presented perfectly!
  12. @sir_mayo_maremma: Thank you ❤ one of the most helpful ones I’ve watched yet.
  13. @TalesTailsChronicles: New here-happy to be part of this community. Let's grow together❤😊
  14. @jacplanespotting314: How can you remove "Prism live studio" watermarks?
  15. @TaiChiandRelax: I just started a month ago as a way to reach more Tai Chi students. It's early so I don't expect miracles but it's frustrating that day after day I don't see any news subscribers......or even views.
  16. @mercyjulietskitchen: Hello new YouTubers
  17. @Mo.Exploress: Super helpful !!
  18. @Dr.SetiSays: So helpful
  19. @ThiNguyen-o5e1l: This content is very useful.
  20. @vuong-k4p: I could watch this all day.

- THIS is How Many Videos YOU Need To GET NOTICED on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm gonna tell you how many videos you need to get 1000, 10,000, 100,000, even a million subscribers, here on YouTube, and we're starting right now. (upbeat music) What is going on, my name is Nick from tubertools.com. Welcome to another video. If this is your first time here and you wanna learn how to grow your channel, make videos and all types of other YouTube related stuff, start now by subscribing and clicking the bell so you don't miss anything. Okay on my channel and other channels like mine you constantly hear us talking about the importance of uploading a lot of content to YouTube. I know, you guys talk about that stuff all the time, geez I've uploaded like ten videos so far, I shoulda blown up by now. I think YouTube hates me. There are a lot of reasons that we tell you to upload more videos, for example the more you upload, as long as you're paying attention to what it is that you're doing, the better you're going to get at making videos that people will enjoy. By uploading more you're gonna be stacking your skills up all of the time, and the more you stack your skills up, or the better that you get, not only are you gonna be more effective, but it's also going to be easier for you to make content that people respond to. That doesn't make any sense. They should enjoy it because I spent a lot of time on it, and because I'm passionate about it. Sorry slacker Nick it just doesn't work that way, it's not about you it's about the viewers. Another reason we tell you that is because it can take a lot of videos to reach the massive milestones that we're all trying to hit. And that's because as you get better at making more content that people like then the amount of content that you have on your channel that's constantly bringing people in, is increasing which then creates that snowball effect everybody talks about. So I'm gonna break all of that down for you right here in just a second so you know how many videos that you need to make to reach the milestones that you're after. But before I do, I wanna add this disclaimer and let you know that the information I'm getting ready to share is averages, it's not saying that if you do exactly this many videos then you're gonna get exactly this result, because again it comes down to how people respond to your content. Some people get the results faster because they can get their skills together faster, some people it takes them a lot more videos in order to reach the same results because it takes them longer to develop those skills. I also better let you know that this information was not figured out by me, it was shared by Phil from TubeBuddy and Brian G. Johnson's Tube Ritual Facebook group. I will of course have links to TubeBuddy and Brian G. Johnson's Facebook group down in the description below, but this information was pulled from a database of over 3.5 million channels, so it's legit. So let's start with a million subscribers. How many videos does it take to get you to a million subscribers? According to this information the average channel that has a million subscribers has 3,873 videos. So think about that for a second, like if you're just getting started and you're like hey why haven't I blown up yet? Just put that in perspective. The average channel with 100,000 subscribers to a million subscribers, 1,171 uploads to their YouTube channel. Makes you feel kinda like hey I need to get to work, doesn't it? No I actually don't wanna get back to work. I'm having a Twitter fight. I know you don't wanna get to work, I'm talking to them, people who are actually productive and do stuff. The average channel with 10,000 to 100,000 subscribers has 418 uploads. And for everybody watching this who is just getting started and you're like hey I'm just trying to get that first 1,000, what do I gotta do to get that first 1,000? How many videos do I gotta make? The average channel between 1,000 and 10,000 subscribers has 152 uploads. So if you've got 20 videos on your channel and you're thinking to yourself like hey why isn't this working out yet? Averaged across YouTube, it's just because the numbers haven't worked out in your favor yet. Hang in there, the more you learn, the more you practice the better you're gonna get and the better you're gonna do. To learn more about YouTube click any of the videos on the screen right now that make the most sense to you with what it is that you are trying to learn. Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [473 likes]: A list of stuff for YouTubers - https://youtu.be/dH_GVIVOH6w
  2. @TheGeogeek96: Is there anyone here searching for success in youtube in 2026? 😑
  3. @RileeJefferson: Your videos 6 years later are still so helpful. Appreciate you!!
  4. @sckibs123: comment
  5. @TheOfficialWorldOfBoats: I have nearly 300 videos and only 533 subscribers. What am I doing wrong?
  6. @OdetteCoordinator: Heyyy, i have 360+ videos and low subs
  7. @peterbrown1968: I only got 1082 😭😭😭 I would love to get custom creator award. I will never get one 😭😭😭
  8. @Isolationimagination: How many for one? 😂
  9. @whatif-explainerr: Wow, I’m never complaining again😂
  10. @JonDoesGaming1983: Question:Does this also count short reels? I notice I get a lot of views with my short content.
  11. @Amyoils2.1: Got 8 subscribers  made 81 videos  pat to present,  good views too
  12. @Amyoils2.1: Slaker nick 😂😂😂😂🎉
  13. @tezig237: I have 250+ videos but still haven't reached 500 subs
  14. @DigitalOdyssey3001: This is a well produced reality check...
  15. @usn_news24daily: I'm jealous of your vedios, I also want to go on YouTube, you're not uploading vedios, you've got 4 subscribers, it's not uploading at all, what can I do, please help me upload vedios, how can I make vedios work?
  16. @FinnInvests: Ok got it I was wondering after uploading 10 videos 😂
  17. @AIPromptMasteryChannel: This video really opened my eyes to how challenging the YouTube grind can be for everyone, no matter where they are on the journey. It reminded me that consistency and purpose matter more than numbers. I’ve only uploaded 17 videos so far and have 55 subscribers, but I’m here to keep going and teach more people how to talk to AI. Thanks for the motivation — this really hit home. 🙏🏾
  18. @Shellycheapandclean-u6w: You're not lying because I said to myself why I don'tev 1000subs yet 😊
  19. @nwadukotv: I love this
  20. @Ani-cm4cs: I feel like giving up after listening to this

- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.

- The NEW Rules of YouTube Growth (What’s Working Now): Kind: captions Language: en We're confusing collection of information with creating. That's not creating. Perfectionism is going to kill you, man. Small YouTubers are staying small because they're 30 minutes a day or 2 hours a day or 3 hours a day is just going to overconumption of information and not doing. Count uploads, not likes. Count uploads, not views. Because if you base your success on how the algorithm feels about you that day, I mean, you're giving up control of how you feel to a machine. We are living in a world now where information isn't just abundant, but AI is coming. It's how you package that information and connect with the person who's consuming it. And to me, storytelling is going to be the number one skill that everybody, not just YouTubers, but just people. You got to just press record. So, you've probably seen that there's a lot of content out there about how to start and grow on YouTube. But in today's world, everything has changed. There's more information coming at us than ever before. There's more confusion and overwhelm that creators are feeling. Some people are plateaued and their views are down. And those that want to start channels, they really need a new approach. And so, in this video, we're going to be learning from an expert who's built multiple successful YouTube channels, has succeeded with long form and shorts, has made a ton of mistakes, and we can learn from those mistakes and how we don't have to make the same mistakes ourselves. And going to be talking about basically public enemy number one that is holding creators back. So, give us a quick rundown. What all YouTube stuff do you have going that you're active in that you've done in the past? Like, how many channels? Uh, three active channels. We have SPI, which you and I have spoken about before. Uh, actually four. One of them is a Switch Pod, which you've also interviewed me for uh a while back, but that's kind of on autopilot right now, which is cool. Then, Deep Pocket Monster, which is the long form deep uh Pokemon channel. We are at 1.54 million subscribers in about four years, which is insane. And then more recently, I started a shorts channel separately as an experiment mostly just to see if I could unlock the uh the algorithm there. And I I was able to. We are at two billion views and over 1.3 million subscribers on YouTube, 1.4 million subscribers on Tik Tok, almost at a million on Instagram from a video that takes me 15 minutes a day to create. And I found a formula that works. We're probably going to get into it, I'm sure, but uh it's called Short Pocket Monster. Or if you've heard the jingle, should I open it or should I keep it sealed? Those those are my videos, man. I love it. So, that just kind of lays the foundation that you really know what you're talking about. You've learned a lot of success principles, made mistakes we can learn from. And before we get into really one of the biggest things that is holding creators back right now on YouTube, I want to just do kind of a quick lightning round. First question, what's the first thing a new YouTuber should do before even turning on the camera? Uh, make sure the mic is working, too. I've made that mistake before. Anyway, uh, for real though, get involved in the community. Like, know who it is that you're serving. watch other videos in the space, read the comments, see what people like, see what people dislike. When I joined the Pokemon community in 2021, which by the way, I didn't know anything about Pokemon beforehand before I started recording anything. I just started getting involved and learning and listening. I was a moderator for a number of channels over there. Just really immersing myself in the space so that I could find out what was missing. And I think that's really important so that when you start creating and hitting publish, you're bringing something new or at least hypothesizing on what's new. And then from there, it's about reps. Count uploads, not likes. count uploads, not views. That quantity is actually really key to get your wheels going, to get you comfortable, and just to kind of figure out what works and what doesn't. And if you just are so worried about perfection, you're never going to learn. One of the things that holds creators back is kind of fear of the gear or tech, the camera gear, and overwhelmed with that. What's actually one technical skill that most new creators struggle with that's actually pretty easy to learn, and how would you go about that? I mean, I think it's storytelling. I mean, that's not quote unquote technical, but there's a YouTube channel uh called Brady Brandwood who got famous because he bought a lobster from the grocery store and raised it as a pet. Leon the lobster, if you've ever heard of that. Uh, rest in peace, by the way, cuz Leon just passed away. And there are millions of views on this video about a lobster who had passed away because he had built this relationship over time with his with with his viewers. Um, he just films on an iPhone. The story is locked in. Can I actually raise a grocery store lobster as a pet? And that first video that came out in I don't know 2019 or so uh had like 20 million views whereas all of his other videos were just kind of random but it was the story that made people curious and then the ongoing story that kept people watching. Um so if I could pass any skill to any YouTuber right now that would uh unlock not just fun but also just you know more retention uh more click-through rates it's how can you tell a story? Tell a story through the title and thumbnail. tell a story in your videos to retain people, which of course if you help people stick around on YouTube and retain people till the end, YouTube's going to help you by pushing that video out. If someone has just 30 minutes a day to start and grow their YouTube channel, what should they focus on? 30 minutes a day. So, let's go. I wouldn't film a video on day one. I would plan out a video starting with title and thumbnail. Nail that on day one. 30 minutes on Monday, nail that title. And maybe the second day, Tuesday, is thumbnail. Then that informs what your hook is going to be because you have this promise based on the title thumbnail and that's going to be Wednesday. Working on the hook and scripting out your video, outlining it. Thursday is I'm going to say film day and Friday and maybe into the next week is going to be editing. And then you just kind of rinse and repeat that cycle as much as possible. And again, the more you do it, the faster you will get. On my shorts channel, it used to take me 45 minutes to make these daily shorts that I do. Now it's 13 to 15 minutes per day because I've done it so often. and I have the templates and the procedures and it's just like second nature now. Would you folks start with shorts or long form if you were a new creator? That's the money question, right? I feel like it depends on your style and the kinds of stories you want to tell. It's really easy and simple to start a shorts channel. Um because you can tell smaller stories. You can create little series that uh may or may not do well without too much penalty. I mean, there's really no penalty with publishing anyway unless you were to actually just publish the same video over and over again, which is not okay to do. Uh, but again, the shorts are great because you can just experiment and every day is like casting a new bait out in the ocean and just reeling in a little bit, seeing if you catch that big tuna. And sometimes you might not catch anything, sometimes you get a small fish, but if you keep going, you'll eventually catch that big fish. With my shorts channel, I did it for 60 days straight. That was the experiment. Can I go 60 days daily? And I just committed to that. And around day 30, I was only getting a couple hundred views per day on these videos. Normally, if I was counting like or if I was counting uh views, I would have given up. But I said, "No, I'm going to go 60 days." I started to get faster, started to pay attention to what was working and what wasn't. Day 35, one of those videos hit 750,000 views, and then all the videos came up. And so, again, it takes time to learn, but if you just get in your own way, it's never going to happen. Um, with longs, it does take a little bit longer to get to those stories and to unlock those things, but there's pros and cons, right? growth happens faster on shorts. Monetization is much much uh more fruitful on on longs. But the two can work together as well. And so it sounds like what I heard you say though, if you were going to approach long form content and you were working 30 minutes a day, you would post about one video a week and you would use these blocks of time every day to build out a strong video and try to ultimately aim for a video a week. Correct. But also realizing that it's going to take several weeks before things start to happen. I might get lucky. We see some YouTubers who on their first video just somehow crack the code and that's great. They've probably learned and they're applying and that's fantastic. But the learning comes from doing. I think it was MKBHD who said uh his first 100 videos were for less than 100 subscribers. And that when I interviewed him and he said that it was so it was like a breath of fresh air like okay I don't got to get it right on the first time and it was after that hundth video that he had one that like my shorts channel surfaced and did really well for him. What is the biggest time waster that you see new people creating YouTube content fall into? I think overarning. There's so much content out there from so many amazing YouTubers like yourself teaching YouTube and you know it's it's like it reminds me of a couple colleagues I had uh back in my architecture day days before I got laid off. This is back like in '08. Uh I used to golf every Sunday uh out of my firm and I had uh two friends who I'd golf with, Terry and George. Terry was like obsessed with golf. If you imagine his cubicle stacks of golf magazine, he was putting at lunch on his little automatic putt returner thing and he was just consuming so much golf channel. Um, he was terrible at golf, right? And you could hear him when he was about to take a shot. He would mutter the next tip that he learned from that magazine that past week and he was never consistent. Whereas George, you wouldn't know that he was really a golfer until you saw him golf because he got coached. He didn't pay attention to all the new tactics and tips and techniques and new drivers that could, you know, increase whatever. He just had his way. He was repetitive and consistent and he just crushed us every single time. And I think when it comes to YouTube, a lot of us are like Terry. There are so many amazing pieces of content. We don't want to miss out on that next tip that may be the game changer. But the truth is we live in a world now where there's so much info it's actually overwhelming us. Our brains are not uh evolved to handle so much info. They're evolved to when we see something that could be helpful to take it. And back in the day when you and I started information was valuable because it was scarce. Now it's everywhere. Right. Remember encyclopedia bratannicas? Yes. If you had an encyclopedia bratannica you were like upper class because you could afford information that other couldn't. Now it's in our phones. We all have the access to the same information. It's like we're at a buffet line and we're just filling our plates. All the while we're also getting force-fed from other algorithms that are putting food in our mouth. Like it's just it's just like a diet. We're so tired. We're so obese with information. Now, the idea is what is the next step? This is this is what I like to call the lean learning process. Figure out what your next step is. Learn just about that next step. Go do the thing. and then rinse and repeat. Trusting that there will be new information out there on steps two, four, 10. That information is going to be there. It's not going away. But focusing on your next step, learning about that, mastering it, and then unlocking that next step is is the way to go. So for a YouTuber, find one mentor, Sean, learn his strategies, do it his way, and then take action. Hit publish. the data is what's going to help you more than you learning and reading every book and watching every video from every YouTube about YouTube. It's it's just common sense now. Yeah, I love this. This is um we were just talking about this because you have a new book coming out called Lead Learning: How to Achieve More by Learning Less. And this makes me think you're identifying like public enemy number one for creators right now. Too much information, inspiration overload, information overload. It reminds me when I went and got started in video 2003 for my local church. The internet was just getting started with information online video and upload speeds wasn't super heavy. YouTube doesn't even start till 2005. We start a channel for my local church in 2007. And I never went to film school or anything. And so I was self-taught. I'm choosing the wrong frame rate. I'm trying to learn things. And I was ravenous for content on how to make video, how to edit, and none of it existed. I remember back in like around 2010, Tony Reality came out with this like 40-part YouTube series on how to shoot video with DSLRs and it was like a game changer. The DSRLR revolution's happening. But now things have flipped. Like there was an under amount of information. Like people needed to learn new skills. Now there's this over amount of information. And so you already kind of broke down these frameworks, but I do want to hit this a little bit deeper. Like in a 2025 world and beyond, small YouTubers are staying small because their 30 minutes a day or 2 hours a day or 3 hours a day is just going to overconumption of information and not doing. But tell us a little bit more also about how then do we not just maybe reduce or waste time learning but actually learn smart. Yeah. Because the fundamental gap between where creators listening to this, entrepreneurs listening to this, and where they want to go is they need to get the right information and they need to learn new skills, right? But where do you get it? It's so overwhelming. So, so how do we lean learn in this year? Yeah. Nice. Um, this is perfect. So, there is a strategy I call in the book micromastery. And this is something that I practice all the time. And for a YouTuber, it's actually pretty obvious. Instead of just continuously hitting publish and just hoping each video is better, pick one little part of the at the process. Let's say it's coming up with good titles and literally just hyperfocus on that. You're still going to create a video and the rest of the video is still going to need help too. But if you hyperfocus, for example, on the titles, and we know this because titles are extremely important, and hopefully you've learned this already. If you learn how to craft a great title and you focus on that for your next month's worth of videos, you're going to see some results. The retention still might be needing help, but you f you're focusing on that hyper sort of awareness of the title and then it becomes second nature to you and then it stacks on the next thing that you hyper focus on. It might be the hook. Okay, my next video I'm going to nail the hook. So, who's doing hooks really well? Let me learn all about hooks. Let me consume now at this point YouTube videos just about hooks. Let me read about hooks. Let me let me examine and and and uncover what's working and then you implement that. You learn as you do and you then stack that on top of the next thing and the next thing. This is micro mastery. When I started speaking on stage and you know this, you've seen me speak on stage and I do believe that I'm pretty good at speaking on stage, but it didn't happen just by going up on stage and just hoping I was better. I micromastered how do I tell stories? I micromastered where do I go on the stage and stand? I micromastered what I what do I do with my hands? Like I'd literally go into a presentation and go, "Okay, I'm going to learn about what I should do with my hands today." So, I just watched TED talks. I watched other worldclass speakers and just focus on the hands alone. And now I'm able to just naturally do with my hands what I believe and have learned to to be great. So micro masterastering is how you continually learn as you do the reps with purpose. It's the doing and the action that's going to help you learn. It's, you know, we we're in this place now where we're confusing collection of information with creating. That's not creating. It's only confusing us. Like you said, the sort of junk sparks, as I call them, right? With so much inspiration out there, we have to put the blinders on. The hard thing is we have this FOMO that comes in. If like I think a lot of us know we shouldn't eat junk food, but we still eat it. A lot of us know we shouldn't consume all the information, but we still consume it. Yes. So, what do we do? You have a little virtual or digital shoe box. I use Notion. A lot of other people use Evernote. Whatever. If you come across a piece of content that does not relate to your next step now, put it aside in that little box and you your brain goes, "Okay, it's there when I need it." So, you're comfortable now refocusing. 99% of the time, you're never even going to go back to it. It's just a tactic to help you get rid of FOMO. And it's a way for you to reaffirm, almost opt back into the thing that you've already said yes to and committed to. Hey, we're about to get back into the podcast in just a second, but I have a question for you. Do you want to grow your personal brand this year? Do you need more leads and sales in your business? If the answer is yes, then right now is the best time to go allin on YouTube. Today's podcast is brought to you by thinkmasterclass.com where you can get on demand access to a 1-hour deep dive training revealing how to start and grow a profitable YouTube channel this year. For a limited time, you can get access to this ondemand class entirely for free where you will learn the three biggest mistakes that people make when starting a YouTube channel, the new rules and changes that have been happening on YouTube and how you can use them to create an unfair advantage. and the exact strategy we use at Think Media to generate over 350,000 organic views every single day. The data is clear. 70% of viewers claim that YouTube makes them more aware of new brands. So don't wait any longer to start growing your brand and business with YouTube. Just go to thinkmasterclass.com to get access to this nofluff, highly tactical free ondemand training. That's thinkmasterclass.com. If you were to make a syllabus knowing what you know now about YouTube for the top skills that eventually make up and I know it's kind of I don't want it to be counterintuitive in this episode like you don't go try to learn all these skills today but if you're thinking about building out your skill tree if we used the gamer analogy and we want to level up and as your skill tree is growing what do you think is the skills syllabus of a modern successful content creator? I love this question. And how many points do I get for the skill tree that I get to allocate? 10. 10 points. Zero. Yeah. If you're a 10 out of 10 or you're a one and then it builds out. Yeah. I would put eight points. Oh, okay. I I was going to say 10 per point and it builds out like on a scale from 1 to 10, you need to be an eight at this. You need to be So, no. I was thinking I have 10 skill points to distribute. Here's where I would put them. That's what I thought you meant. You have 25 skill points. Is that going to be hard math to do? No. Okay. 25 total skill points. You're going to weight them in different categories. Okay? I would put 15. Okay. Into storytelling. Woo. That's going to give you the maximum leverage. You could have crappy video quality. At least hopefully have good audio quality. That's more important. And if you tell a good story, there's the retention. There's the emotional connection and the relationship building. And here's why I say this today. We are living in a world now where information isn't just abundant, but AI is coming and it's going to level the playing field for anybody who just has information alone. It's how you package that information and connect with the person who's consuming it. And to me, storytelling is going to be the number one skill that everybody, not just YouTubers, but just people. So, can I ask can I go deeper on that though? If you're going to take 15 points, number one, I'm curious. Would you broaden storytelling, charisma, communication skills, ability to connect storytelling? What does that mean for someone that's just doing talking head videos? Or maybe you're suggesting that that's not good enough anymore. But for maybe also a lot of entrepreneurs, professionals, that of course AI is going to bring better practical information than even you could. But if you're still going to get on camera, teach, you want to get leads and sales for your business, what do you mean by storytelling? Because you're on your Pokemon channel, retention, Ryan Treyan, you know, like some of these other channels, but I'm if we also kind of lean on the much broader the education space, how would you define storytelling? So, I would say half of it is having a good idea. So, coming up with a concept and and an an idea that has a start, middle, and end. It has a hero's journey, if you will. It has something that relates to the human at the root level, a human need or want or desire, right? When you look at my Pokemon channels, it's like, "Oh, Pokemon. Like, how many people could be interested in that?" Many of my comments are like, "I don't even care about Pokemon. I will watch all these videos to the end because it's about a hunt. It's about finding treasure. It's about um the struggles that come along with that and and the internal struggles. I mean, we we go deep in the storytelling. So half of it would be used for coming up with a good idea, one that's worth even paying attention to. Um, so that's 7 and 12 points. Uh, let's go three and a half points. So this takes us to 11 out of the 15 on uh character development, right? Relating to the audience, understanding who the audience is and why the story matters to them, right? That's going to be really key because if the story isn't relevant, then nobody's going to pay attention. Yep. And then it's about the personality of yours coming through. That's what I would reserve the four remaining points for is how can you bring you and what you uniquely have to offer into this story that you're telling. Right? You don't have to be overexaggerating like many other people might be. Um you just be you. But how can you find the best version of you to show up? So this might be like what you said earlier, charisma, but your charisma. Charisma doesn't always mean like suave or whatever. just means like you're able to connect with people. Um, and I think that that all encompasses as we break down that 15 points or story. So, I appreciate you getting into more detail about that. We're going to build out all 25 points of this skill tree. 15 points are storytelling, but the dynamics of that have to do with character development, your personality, and then also the big idea, the hero's journey, or like the story arc. Um, and I'm curious, how would you apply this though, even more practically, to a SPI video? You've got your Pokemon channel. If someone's not even interested in Pokemon, they've they sometimes find your content and like it because the storytelling is so good or it's interesting or it grabs their attention. But if someone's going to look for like information about traditional loans versus FHA loans, or they're gonna look for information about yeah, the housing market, taxes, growing their business, personal development, and you bring it into, let's you know, pure education, kind of business content. How does Pat Flynn think about crafting an SPI video in today's world in light of of this storytelling framework if you're just going to be doing a talking head video? Because you use your clients as the characters in this story. Right. I wish I had a soundboard. Sounded like a siren. So, you agree with that? I mean, you could just share the information. You need this money down. you need to do it in this amount of time, whatever. Or you can go, hey, this is Joe. He and his family have this. This is where they're coming from, and they're learning this about the San Diego housing market. It's not cheap. So, I'm here to help serve them. So, let's go on this journey together. I'm going to show them exactly what you need to know if you're coming and moving to San Diego, which areas have really good school districts, because I know that's important to these two. They got a five and a 2-year-old. They're about to go to school, so we want to make sure we plan for that. And they're planning on having another kid. Is it Is it okay? I said that. Yeah. Okay, cool. They're planning on having another one. I'm not going to get into too much detail about that, but we want to make sure there's enough space for their growing family. And if that sounds like you and you're interested, let's come on this journey. Wow. Right now you're hooked. That's the new wave. And you're going to learn the same information, but it's going to retain because you're now in referencing to somebody who's just like you as a viewer. And they're going to have a connection with you. The content's more entertaining. This could take a little bit more information, a little bit more time and creativity, but the ROI is insane completely because the views, the breakthrough, the algorithm that happens. I mean, if this is this is going to attract leads, sales, prospects at a whole another level, and it's going to set you apart from everybody else who's dry information. Chat GPTing a script. That's what's happening right now. Geez. But you can't chat GPT your client and their real life story and find out that they're having a kid. Yep. That's real. There's connection. You just you're bringing emotions into it. Super powerful. Okay. So, that's how you would do it in any industry, business, B2B, B TOC. Like, we have 15 points out of 25 that you're allocating of the skill tree that the modern content creator needs to build build out. Storytelling is 15 of 25 points. Hell yeah. With a couple different elements on it, but we still have 10 points to distribute. What do we got? If I was actually playing a game, I'd save them just in case some new characters, like if I'm solo leveling up, I I want to, you know, save that for later. Um, arise. Uh, no. Um, I would allocate maybe three points to lighting. Like literally just lighting. Because that's going to like no matter what camera you have, if you get the lighting right, it's going to look great. And so just understanding the basics of lighting, which you could of course get from Sean, uh, would would be great. So that leaves us with what, 12 points. I would also reserve half of the 12 points, so six, to building relationships in the space that you're in, connecting with other YouTubers and other creators, going into spaces where you can meet and talk and even try to form like a little community of people that you can run ideas off of because I mean, we live in this world and it's an abundant world, but not not everybody thinks that way. But if everybody did, everybody would be helping each other and everybody can grow together. We're not at a poker table, Sean, where if you win, that means I'm losing. It's good. we're at this table where there's just the more that we serve this audience, the more chips just like come out of nowhere, right, for both of us, right? And everybody can win. And that that's what I truly believe. So, I would reserve a lot of points to um connecting with people, networking, um you know, a lot of people ask me a similar question. It's like, Pat, if you had $1,000 and you only had $1,000 to start with starting a business, what would you do with it? I would spend it on a plane ticket and a ticket to I don't know, your event. Yeah. you know, uh, that's that's a that's a counterintuitive thought and I know for some now what would you do is for somebody's listening and they either one money is the block or two they got a couple young kids like kind of in a life situation where it's like getting on a plane flying to an event. It's just somewhat challenging right now. So I can speak to that first one for sure. You know Dan uh Patrick Norton? He came to your event and I think he volunteered for it. Yes. True. And he is now my producer at Deep Pocket Monster. got him in that got him in the world and he's killing it now for us. So he got into my event for free from serving from serving. Volunteer, help out. All those kinds of things go really a long way. And if you can't do that with the event coordinator, do it with somebody who you know is also coming to the event who's in that space too. Hey, you have this YouTube channel. I'm an upandcomer. Let me be your video camera for the next day so you can focus and I can help create content for you. And you're just now in this space, right? That's what uh Drock did with Gary Vee. He filmed Ask Gary Vee, just kind of volunteered to be his his film guy and then we had a daily Gary Vee show for years and now now Drock's killing it right. So that's a way that you know you got to get creative with these things. Right now. So we I got to bring it back. We had our score is getting a little messed up. It was 15 points on storytelling, six points on networking and community, three points on lighting. I think I was going out at 25, which mean you only had 10 left, which means we only have one point left. But I don't know what the math is. Uh, this was the wrong thing to do real time, but entertaining nonetheless. We're still building out a syllabus at a skill tree. Uh, and so I mean, give me the final ones. Maybe we reorient the points or maybe the final tally is 30 total points. But if we have lighting, we're going to events, we're connecting, we're networking, even if that's online, getting involved with the community. It also makes me think about one of my favorite books that every creator should read, Super Fans, because it's just it's kind of like the forgotten thing these days. Everyone's like they want to grow fast. There's a lack of patience and there's the forget people I think are forgetting that like communities are built one view at a time. Connection is built one everybody wants a million views. But if you get one real view, meaningful connection, you engage in the comments, they're transformed by the content, they really enjoy it. And you just do that every single day for three years, 5 years, 10 years. Communities build and and there's new rules to YouTube success. But some of that tried and true stuff is like you look at anybody, they were just they were grinding out the reps, not for months, but for years of connection. So the connection and community piece, but if there's a couple final lighting, I mean audio, editing, editing. Yeah. I mean, that's important. So I' I'd reserve a few points for that just to get the basics right. Yeah. That's where the overarning can really mess you up, right? Think of all of the buttons in Premiere that you could use to make whatever effects, everything. Do you need those things to tell the story? That's why stories are told. There are people who are doing just talking head videos who are killing it. Yes. With no effects, with one take. So, you don't need those things. They support the story that you're telling. And of course, every channel is different. And I'm thinking of the clear value tax guy. He shows up during the pandemic and he's like angry at the government and everybody can relate to that. Like where's my stim money? When's it going to come? I don't know, but I'm pissed off too. And he's telling and now he's he's got like his notes on a pile of paper. He just kind of holds up talks to the camera a lot of times. One take 8 minutes to 10 minutes to 12 minutes. A couple hundred thousand subscribers. He could use some lighting skill points, but besides that, he's doing great. Yeah. and he's in his tie and he's just angry and it's like I can relate to that. That's a good point of charisma, too. He has his own style, his own vibe, but he's not like anybody else. He's just kind of being himself. He's been authentic. Yeah. Yeah. He's got like 1.3 million subs or something like that, right? And it's valuable information, but it's wrapped in the way that we can relate in his way of telling these stories and providing the information. Um, so editing and and I feel that just letting go of perfectionism. M I don't know if that's a skill, but it feels like it has to be a skill because we kind of have to unlearn those things. Perfectionism is going to kill you, man. I think that I think that is a skill. I think that um being okay with with Here's a phrase that I like that maybe you dig. I I started using it and people have been responding to it. You got to be cringe before they binge. You got to be cringe before they binge. Hey, I am curious chat GBT. What is it called to let go of perfectionism? If that was a skill and we were leveling up our characters, is it kind of like not being reckless but taking a, you know, risks? What would you say like the skill set of letting go of perfectionism is? Yeah, letting go of perfectionism is definitely a skill. I'd say it's like building your resilience and adaptability stats. It's not about being reckless, but more about embracing imperfection, learning from mistakes, and taking risks. It's like leveling up your ability to move forward despite not having everything perfect. And that opens up room for creativity and growth. What are your thoughts on chat GPI right there? Hell yeah. Oh, that's growth comes from from doing. And it's again not being reckless, being smart. You know, it's almost like, you know, you're driving and, you know, at the at the edge of the road there's those rumble strips that kind of warn you when you're kind of veering off too much. Make sure those are in your life and you have people and, you know, guidelines, but find joy in the finding part of all this. Like, you're going to find yourself through this and your audience is going to find you only when you show up. Perfectionism is just an excuse. And trust me, I was a huge time perfectionist back in the day cuz I used to I was kid that's how I was conditioned. I'd come home with a 94% of my math test and I'd spend the next freaking four hours with my dad working on the six% that I got wrong. Always feeling like I was a failure. I love you, dad, by the way. But I still remember those days. Not okay. Yeah. Um just just count uploads, right? And and and that's the that's a big thing when it comes to the psyche around this because if you base your success on how the algorithm feels about you that day on these things that you can't necessarily control, I mean, you're giving up control of how you feel to a machine versus you can control you showing up every day or every week if you're going long form. You can control how you try to get a little bit better at the title this time. you can control how much deeper you go into the story that you're telling about your client this time. Those are the things that you can control. So if you do those things and let's say for 60 days, 90 days, 6 months, whatever, and you do them, you've won no matter what the views say. And in most of the cases, because you've been encouraged to continue, you will start to see some results and lean into the things that do to get you even more. So strong count uploads, not views, not views. Thank you, Alex Ketchum, for that. Um, as we land the plane, I got a couple other questions for you. And one of them is you emphasize in the book the power of champions. How important is it when it comes to this journey of starting and growing a YouTube channel, starting and growing an online business is finding the right mentors? I mean, I'm looking at one right now. It's so important. You've helped me so much along the way, and I hope that I've been able to return the favor. You know, there are three kinds of what I like to call champions in a person's life. Number one are your emotional champions. These are your friends, your spouse, your partner, your kids even can help. These are the people who may not know exactly what you're trying to do, but no matter what, they're there for you. It's important to have those in your life, too. April, my wife, was so important in my life when I had gotten laid off. She was the one who helped me understand that no matter what, we were going to be okay and work through it together. And that was so important, right? So, that emotional champion. Then you need your peers and colleagues. That's like you and I. You know, we're both in this thing together. We're helping each other out. We're in it for each other and the greater good. And having those kinds of people in your life, mastermind groups, right? Coming to events and networking with people who are in the same space. Those people are important too because they understand the language. They might not have the time to mentor you, but you guys can help each other out. And that's important. And then the third one, which is really, really important is that personal mentor, right? The person who you either pay or or or they are taking you under their wing. That one person who's already gone down the same path that you've wanted to go down, who's already made those mistakes, who can guide you through the tough terrain, that person becomes the person who can help you and hold you accountable. And it's the person you look up to who you don't want to let down that on those tough days where you don't want to go and do the thing, you're going to do the thing because you know they're going to check in with you. Those are the people who I mean, again, some combination of those three can help you get to where you need to go. You cannot do this alone. Yeah, you have to get out of your chair and go to events or meet people in online communities and start to form even just one buddy to hold each other accountable with can can be the game changer. Man, that's so strong. You know, I would love for you to speak to this too because this whole kind of like learning and online learning space is started and if you have a skill that you want to attack, it's a superpower to have a p the power of champions the way you put it around you. I saw you put a video that actually got a ton of views that like online courses are different now that they've changed and we've noticed the same. I still think online courses are incredible, but the completion rate the stats are just real. People just have struggle actually consuming it, actually completing it, actually implementing the stuff. And so, I don't even know if we talked about this, but we've launched at Think Media group coaching and one-on-one coaching. Capacity is tough because it's we're keeping the quality really strong. We got like five Think Media coaches, incredible individuals. Um, and I'm curious though your your thoughts on how things have changed. We're doing cohort stuff now as well because it's not there. This stuff is always going to be that we're always going to need learning. We're always going to need to be learning, need to be skill building, but it's changing. Talk a little bit about that cuz that video popped off for Yeah, it it did. Um, you know, I used a more hookable title and, you know, beginning of saying online courses are dead. Basically, online courses are dead. And they are in the traditional sense of just putting information out there and making sales. Mhm. You have to put you into it. Number one, because people want to buy from individuals. They don't just buy the information anymore. They want to buy it from somebody who's taught it in a specific way. But more than that, we noticed that when we ran what we call our accelerators, which are sort of like cohort groups through our digital courses, they had a three times more likelihood. Yes. Of not just completing it, but actually getting success and building the thing too. Three times more likely. Yeah. So we had to make a decision because and a lot of creators uh won't do this uh you know entrepreneurial creators that is we had to sacrifice a lot of income because we were still making sales with our online courses which were being sold for hundreds of dollars each and people were buying multiple but when we saw the completion rate from these accelerator groups we said you know what we got to bring the community together is there such a thing as communitypowered courses and that's what we've built and so we have sacrificed that initial income to bring people into a monthly program on our end to hopefully get long-term value from us, right? Finishing these courses, then moving on to the next one, and then moving on to the next one, we grow with them such that over time, if we do our job and step up and support these uh new entrepreneurs, then we'll actually make more revenue in the end. Not just from the beginning, but because we've actually delivered on that value we promised. And it's been so much more fulfilling. Uh people have gotten much better results and people have formed their own little groups even without us asking. I mean we bring people together too uh in a more formal way but people are starting to understand that there is so much power in connecting with others who are going through that same journey as you or who are just a couple steps ahead. Yeah that's so strong and uh we've been learning some of the same things been watching what you're doing. It's one reason why we've implemented stuff and it kind of I mean in a way it doesn't feel like it's super new. It reminds me of like you could buy a $7 or $14 video course for fitness and a couple meal plans and download it and then never watch it. You could pay for a monthly membership at, you know, 24-hour fitness for 20 bucks, but you maybe never go. You then maybe get into a group and you start going to classes because you you're like, "Okay, I'm going to show up for the group." And you start to go for classes. You pay even more. You hire a personal trainer. That's also where you get the most results. when you pay, you pay attention because you're like, there's a lot of money on the line. That actually happened for me when I was recovering from chronic pain and my shoulder. I hired a physical therapist, paid him $5,000 for six months. I got some dry needling plus some workouts plus some massage plus relearning even how my body was structured. But you better believe after paying the $5,000, I went to the sessions, too. Like my show up rate was like basically perfect. And I also then got the transformation. I've been on this healing journey. I'm being able to work out more and better because of really investing with somebody. So, in a way, I think it's it's two things. It's kind of like always been true, but even more true in this information overload world, wouldn't you say? Yeah. I mean, a mentor or somebody you hire to help you removes all the noise around the thing that you're doing and just gets you to the exact things that you specifically, especially when it's like a coach like that. It's like, "Hey, Sean, your body is going through this. Here's the the the solution for you." Um now, as a creator, we like to reach a lot of people. So, of course, trying to relate that to everybody can be hard at times since everybody is different. However, finding what what those things are that are the same for everybody and just speaking to principles can work really well. But that's how you then potentially get clients to come in and want that personal information from you. So, I think this is the final and maybe most important question and the most fierce debate on YouTube that I've maybe ever seen. And we're going to get that in just a second, but I do want to give a roll call to a few things. Uh number one, uh your book, I'm excited about it, Lean Learning. Thanks, Sean. We'll link this up in the description. How to achieve more by learning less. Maybe one of the most important books to read. And I say that because everything you write is great. A but like the world really has changed. This is the skill set. Public enemy number one, distraction overwhelm, information overwhelm, but you can't throw out learning all together. So having a methodology, frameworks, and uh I'm very excited about that. That'll be linked in the show notes. Um, also if you do want to learn a little bit more about our coaching, viralvidecoach.com. It's just an application. We only work with people that it's a good fit. We learn about you and there's a chance to jump on the phone with us. Um, we'll link that up in the show notes or you can go to viral videocoach.com. And then Pat, I've got one more question for you, but give us a roll call. If we want to connect with you on social, where are you active? We're going to put it in in the um show notes. Yeah, thank you. So, Patf Flynn for all the business stuff on on most socials, YouTube, uh, Instagram, etc. Um, pretty active on X actually as well, but I know a lot of people are interested in the Pokemon stuff, too. So, Deep Pocket Monster on YouTube for the long forum. And then my separate short channel is Short Pocket Monster. Okay, so we're talking about shorts versus longs. But I actually want to highlight a point that every listener and content creator needs to know about in a 2025 world and it's this idea of universe building. Now I don't even know what that means but uh it's one of the most important com uh I think concepts in brand building right now. And so hey chat GPT I'm curious what is universe building if you were explaining it to content creators and entrepreneurs doing video that are building out their brands and their personal brands as a concept and what are other terms for it? Universe building is about creating a cohesive immersive world around your brand or personal identity. For content creators and entrepreneurs, this means developing a recognizable and engaging environment that fans or customers can explore. It goes beyond just your products or videos to include consistent themes, aesthetics, and messages. Other terms for it might be world building, brand ecosystem, or brand universe. It helps establish a strong, memorable identity that resonates with your audience. World building was the other one. World building, universe building. So, we just blasted off something to research later uh for our Think Media podcast listeners, but we're talking about shorts versus longs. Oh man, I want to go into that so bad because we have certain things in the culture of our brand now, certain phrases like bad binder behavior and certain characters that have come up. Well, tell us this. If you're on the YouTube version and maybe you want to stop by and visit off of the audio, you listen on Spotify, drop in the comments if you'd want Pat Flynn to come back on and for us to do a deep dive episode on world building, universe building, personal brand building, all that kind of stuff because we're trying to we are talking about shorts versus longs, but I'd love to go deep. So, let us know your feedback and any other questions you have because I'd love to have you back on and uh explore that. But shorts versus longs. So, what so what are you doing? How you executing? And you did it on two different channels. two different channels. The general rule on YouTube is same audience, same channel. This I knew was going to be potentially a different kind of audience because the person who's going to sit down on the couch with popcorn with their whole family and watch a 1-hour video is different from the person who's doom scrolling at night just kind of trying to fill in time or they're on the toilet, which I've called out my audience. I said, "Hey, if you're on the toilet right now, wash your hands." And like people like, "How did you know?" Like it's scary. just that's a fun little engagement trick for anybody doing shorts. Um, so I approached it like this. How can I create a show that is 60 seconds or less about Pokemon cards where I rip a pack uh every day and make it interesting enough for people to want to see the next days. So, I came up with this concept called should I open it or should I keep it sealed? Now, what's nice about Pokemon cards is that a pack inherently has a mystery in it, right? You're not sure if you're going to get the good card or the bad card. So, of course, people stick around and watch that. But I'm not the first person to do pack openings on on YouTube. I wanted to do it different. How do I turn it into a show? How do I lean into this mystery a little bit more? So, I hired my friends at Music Radio Creative to create a jingle. Should I open it? Should I keep it sealed? Total earworm. I have the original audio file that I sent them that I will never share with the world because it's just I'm It was you and they made it great. They made it great. I have to say I just had a a short recommended actually either on Instagram reels or YouTube shorts of a DJ at a a set like an EDM rave with like thousands of people there who played your song you just saw I was like dude that's your song and he had a pack on stage and he was he was opening it on stage and then that was going viral which is all from you right that's crazy it's it's insane and then at the end to lean into the uh sort of reward at the end again if it's a bad card I have a bad jingle. Oh no, you should have kept it sealed. Or if it's a good one, it's like, wow, you actually got something good. And I've hired the same person from this company, Music Radio Creative, uh, her name's Kim, the voice actress, to just say a bunch of bad things. Yeah. And then say a bunch of good things. And they're sort of different. I have this library now. And again, now everybody is like, "What's it going to be today?" And I drop new ones and they're like, "We unlocked a new voice over today." Um, and again, the the sound effects that you see in these videos, they're just from a library. They took 45 minutes to create. I wanted to go daily for 60 days. I already told the story of how day 35 everything blew up. But it's the same template. Same billion. Same fonts. Two billion views across crossplatform. How many subs? How many what subscribers? Uh 1.35 on YouTube, 1.4 on Tik Tok. Did you already get another gold play button? I did. So you have you have two gold play buttons. Two gold play buttons. Now this one I got it in 199 days. You got a gold play button on YouTube in 199 from a brand new channel and I did not link to it from the other channel either. I did not. I wanted to just see what would happen. Even though it was a Pokemon channel. I mean there's people out there being like don't share your YouTube channel with your mom or your friends cuz they're not your ideal audience. But like you didn't share your shorts channel with a Pokemon longs channel. Correct. Because I just wanted to see could I have YouTube find those people for me or all these other uh algorithms. Tik Tok. Um, and you've looked in the demographics and it is different. It is. That's interesting. It is. And it's just you think about the consumption behavior. I mean, these are people who are doom scrolling through. Can I give them a little bit of something worth watching every single day and now it's same time every day. One of the most common comments I get now when I publish the shorts at 8:30 p.m. Pacific is, "Good night, everybody." They're just waiting for it. It like is a part of their nightly routine. This this has led to that DJ Yeah. playing it. Detroit Lions, who by the way, their social media manager for Tik Tok is a big Pokemon fan. He connected with me. I got to fly out to Ford Field to watch the Vikings game on January 6th and open a pack on the field. Because of this, I got invited by the um Major League Soccer team here in San Diego because a lot of their guys watch my videos. I just got a DM from uh one of the one of the pro uh soccer football players from team Argentina. Gez, it's like so crazy. So shorts channel. What's what I my take away here that's fascinating is okay. If it's a video podcast and it's clips from the video podcast, that's one thing. If you're actually architecting something though, you have a long form Pokemon channel that people are watching up to 4hour long videos. 75% of people watch on their smart TVs. It's a particular audience. You have a vision to make something new, but it's it's different. And I love the constraints. And I think it's a huge viewer takeaway. It's a show, so it's a repeatable format. It's a show under 60 seconds, similar sound effects, similar jingles, tapping into a proven tribe, bringing your own unique uh spin to everything, building it all out. But in the execution of that, you now have another gold play button, two billion views, Detroit Lions, DJs playing the song, showing you the power of shorts if you do it strategically. Brand partnerships, ad revenue on top of that as well. It's unlocked a new revenue stream. And how much does YouTube pay you for two billion shorts views? Total channel revenue approximately. Total channel revenue. I'd have to check, but we're at about on YouTube ad on your YouTube studio app. Yeah, let's check. I could share. Now, I will say a lot of the money that I earn from this just goes right back into I'm sure it does. Well, yeah. I mean, again, and I mean people listening to Think Media Podcast can handle it. It's not It's not I'm not even trying to say like it's all about the money. And I just don't want to confuse like like like a quick way to make money is to create shorts on YouTube. Well, yeah. I mean, you have RPM you have hard Yeah. RPMs are low, but you also you have editing. you have a bigger thing going on. You reinvest in your community. But I am curious. But this this is all me. I don't have any editor. It's me and it's only you. And the jingles and the people you pull the stuff in. How do you edit it? Uh screen flow. Screenflow on a MacBook. So you edit a daily shorts show and I edit two times a week. I take about two hours to edit a week's worth. Of of shorts so I can get ahead. Okay. And so you've gotten two billion shorts views and this is how much you've made on YouTube. Two billion crossplatform. Let's go lifetime on YouTube. We're at uh 750 million views. That's just on YouTube crossplatform because you've got Tik Tok and other things and they have creator programs as well and stuff. Uh Instagram I think I've made 23 cents from a gift. That's it. Like there is no program. you have to be grandfathered into that. So, still brand awareness though, you know, and now my stories are getting seen 150k times, which is ridiculous because then I can promote my event and other things. Uh, Tik Tok, however, I am generating revenue about uh 900 to $1,000 every week. Every week. Every week. So, it's far less. Okay. So, the question here is how much does YouTube pay you for 750 million views that you got on your new channel? 126K. What? for two for only 750 million views. that's great. Some videos. This one has It's a six figure income. It is. This one video with 20 million views has almost 4K revenue. Oh, it's just popping off right now, too. That's really good. I mean, I I think I got And it's education. I think I Well, may maybe I got 10,000. Yeah, 10. That's about Sounds like it tracks. I got 10 million views on a Think Media podcast short and it made $2,000. And so you're saying 20 million made about $4,000. Yes. And then again, I'm taking that same video, posting it on TikTok. Yeah. Now, here's the here's the funny thing I'm doing. It's less than a minute on YouTube. It's like 59 and a half seconds. I got it down so I could edit it there. I know shorts can be longer than 3 minutes, but it's still kind of wonky right now. When you upload a one that's more than 60 seconds, I take that 59 and a half second video on YouTube. I reexport it from ScreenFlow with just the ending a little bit longer. So because it has to be over a minute to make over a minute. So I am using technically a different video. I just you know Yeah. Half rate the last part of it. Yes. You know or whatever to extend it over a minute. Okay. Final question. That's very fascinating and inspiring because you have given us you know if you create a show you do something that works. It's repeatable. You're doing it and and you're doing it by yourself which is so empowering because I guess I don't think you know Think Media podcast community makes many excuses because we don't really allow excuses here right? We we just get results. We, you know, we have a rise and grind, new day, new opportunities. We're going to solve problems. But what I love you're doing here is because somebody could say, a critic be like, "Well, now Pat's got momentum and he has people helping him and and it's like, yeah, but you didn't start there." But this thing that you're doing, you're doing entirely by yourself. You creativity works best in constraints. And so you have a show, shorts channel, it's blowing up, you're doing it by yourself, and then you're reinvesting those dollars back into your community. Very powerful. give us a final checklist for how to determine if Shorts is right for me or not. If I'm if I want like views, leads, and sales in my business. Personal trainer, real estate agent, I mean, maybe creator that's teaching something. I teach um Excel, you know, I teach some motherhood stuff. I I have a DI DIY channel or homesteading channel, you know, this kind of how am I determining if I want to do shorts or long form? do it for 60 days and then assess whether or not it's worth doing more and do it on the same channel or a different channel. It depends. We you if it's the same like you got it's the same audience just do on the same channel. I mean in most cases that's the answer if you can believe that they are for the same audience. I was purposefully doing this so that I could show people this can be done. I lean learned my way into this. And it's it's working. And then it's great because it's unlocking new revenue that I can just I give a lot of cards away. I've I'm kind of Mr. Beasting in this space and just kind of giving away a lot of cards that people can't get access to thanks to successes like this. But um yeah, try it out. That's it. Like what's the worst that can happen?

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [46 likes]: What's the #1 thing holding YOU back from growing on YouTube right now? Is it perfectionism, information overload, or something else? Let us know below ⬇
⭐ Our free YouTube growth class reveals 3 essential secrets we're using in 2025 to get more views, subscribers, and income— watch here 👉 http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @lowlyman4christ998 [1 likes]: Wow that storytelling though
  3. @The-Savage-Warrior [1 likes]: I run YouTube channels where I upload videos. I was uploading long videos wasn’t getting any views no views no subscribers even though I was following everything these so called big YouTubers say  i was watching other people’s videos commenting, liking everything still no views UNTIL I started uploading shorts. Shorts means more views more views mean more people watch your videos so slowly slowly my subscribers started to grow. It’s a very slow process but it’s a success it requires patience and consistency so don’t lose hope instead of uploading long videos upload shorts have organic subscribers who really like your content.
  4. @aqil199: Overlearning is the most wasting time
  5. @remi.aventurier: From "don't do over learning" to "hard focus on one micro" is basically the same thing 

If you're not able to overlearn in this jungle of genius, you're done
  6. @ianhepburn6555: Bring the Pat Back! Please
  7. @rubeno.2808: We’re definitely not evolved. We are created the idea that there was absolutely nothing and out of nothingness nothing exploded and created life, absurd. The Word of God already laid out the explosion of knowledge in the final last days. It  already laid out AI the image that will hit a singularity. It will be given life which brings in the complete control of buying and selling that’s the whole purpose of AI, the image to control every sector of life to enforce the Mark.  Beloved, it’s time to wake up.

Dan 12:4 (KJV)
4 But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.
  8. @RiazulIslam-no1gi: Nice video
  9. @uelmills: 31:05 I was unhappy with my tutorial video and re-recorded it. When I returned to the partially edited video, I found that I could fix 97% of it with careful edits, a few added 3 second voice overs, and overlay graphics. Perfectionism can be a HUGE time waster. Thanks for highlighting this snafu.
  10. @mixxkul: Thank You Sean I am having so Much Value From the video. Looking foward to connect with you the more
  11. @TheBestClipsUKnow: Great data! Thx!!!
  12. @OZIASstoryteller: I think there is something scary about all of this. These giant social media companies have transformed us all into lab rats that need to be rewarded with online success.  We are being pulled out of normal living and transformed into organic bots.  While the world fears AI, the real problem is the loss of real emotional/mental freedom as we become content creators.  The biggest problem with building a business on YouTube is that the platform does NOT belong to us and everyone is at the mercy of their algorithms.  Over the years I have seen countless friends destroyed after YouTube makes a simple change.  That's crazy.  The truth is, trying to control a platform that you have zero control over is bound to create all kinds of mental illness in the user.  The truth seems to be that the most natural people on YouTube are the ones who thrive.  Of course, there seems to be rules that we all have to follow, but I see far too many good people develop a strange kind of dementia when YouTube defines their worth or measure of success.  I am new to all of this, but it seems to me that we all need to take it easy and do what we feel is natural.  I think it's a mistake when online Gurus pull us away from the core of our naturalness.
  13. @CiscoCheang: Don’t buy a new bike, just put gravel tires on your existing bike. Instead of buying a new bike I put panaracer gravelking SK tires on my Trek Domane for $80
  14. @WorldUFFacts: 🎉
  15. @__eternalwaves: Loved this!!!  I want the secon part on universe content or something like that haha  thank you guys for this
  16. @Storyteller-h9f: Beginners don’t give up and try to learn from your experience. I got 2000 subscribers on 3 months with only shorts and now I need long video views, and I will not give up👍👍
  17. @BeyondTheOverton: Views and subs don’t matter anymore? Haha what?
  18. @NextWaveDV: Thanks for the call out Sean. Hard to believe 2010 was so long ago now.
  19. @ShopTilYouBuy: TONY REALE… Lives in Green Bay, like us. Went to church with him since he was a young teen. My son’s age. Small world.
  20. @ChrisParayno: I don't trust this channel.  They flip flop so much on what they think is the algorithm and then force you down the YouTuber course is no bueno.

- How to Deal with Online Criticism: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to impact the world the show for and about creatives changemakers and entrepreneurs this is an insight episode where I share a few quick tips to help you take your work and mission to the next level [Applause] so one of the things that I hear a lot whenever I'm talking to people about putting their work out into the world is the fear of being criticized online so there's a couple of things to do that can help you with this number one it's gonna happen it's no different to the playground at school not everybody is going to like you not everybody is gonna get you and when you put your work out online you open yourself up to everything but one of the things that I always say is we tend to be programmed as humans to focus on the negative so you might have 12 comments on a video or a blog post and there might be 11 grateful comments there might be 11 thankful comments there'll be one that gets under your skin perhaps or makes you question I don't know if I even want to do this anymore so first of all notice the tendency that we all have to focus in on the negative and forget about the positive with you putting your work out into the world you have to try and remember who did I positively affect by showing up who did I positively give something to so that's step one staying focused on the positive even as you deal with the negative number two is did this person hit a personal wound this is really key and certainly for me in the early days this was something that would have kind of saved me a lot of time you know there might be somebody saying I don't like her hair or don't really like what she's wearing or don't really like this topic and all of that will go over your head but the minute they say I don't think she's very clever and it takes you right back to that moment when you were a kid and you didn't think you were clever or someone said you weren't as clever as your sister or your report card always said if only she could be a bit more academic and that comment whoa straight into your heart straight into your stomach it activates something in you that actually needs healing so this is where online criticism can be really helpful especially when you first start putting your work out into the world it shows you parts of you that need a little bit more healing so if somebody really puts their finger on something in you it's a great opportunity for you to go okay they could have said it in a nicer way I could have learned listen in a better forum maybe but it's happened I'll now go away and look at this so that I can clear myself of this self belief that I have that this person has just managed to find with their words so that's a way that online criticism is really really helpful number three is have you checked the criticism aimed at some of your favorite people one of the most useful things I did in the 2000s was when I started to put first videos on YouTube and notice some of this stuff coming at me and it was mostly positive but the negative was kind of tricky to deal with at times I decided to go and look at Eckhart Tolle on Amazon and I pulled up his one-star reviews now he mostly has really high reviews and to me at carte Allah is one of the most inoffensive people in the spiritual field that I could think of but boy oh boy if you go and look at his one-star reviews there are some deep criticism about that cart really personal staff really attacking him not even the kind of criticism that really is making a point it's just somebody doesn't like him and they want to take him down think of three people that you love in your life and try and think of people who are more universally loved out of that group - so singers authors artists you like and go to a website where they get reviewed pull up the one-star reviews or the lowest or the critical reviews and spend some time looking at them and you'll soon start to realize that this is not personal everybody who is putting stuff into the world it's gonna have some criticisms and kickback or perhaps even even more importantly people who don't like them that aren't commenting because none of us are for everybody and sometimes the art or the work that we create and put into the world can trigger people in a way that they don't really know how to deal with it so they go for the attack or the criticism so check out the criticism leveled at some of your favorite people and it will start to D personalize it for you and you will start to see this is just what happens number four is this person who is criticizing you somebody that you want to go out and have a meal with or is the way that they're criticized you something you can connect with so one of the things I learned early on is occasionally some of the comments I would see were actually really helpful they weren't necessarily kind of going for the jugular but they might say this is a good video but I wish he could get to the point a bit more and you know back then I disagree with them I was like oh yeah they're probably right I I agree I let me try and work on that over the next few years let me try and get to the point a bit more so sometimes criticisms really useful and it can help help you and refine what you do but the other kind the kind of person who wants to sit at their computer and try and take you down with words using words as knives or guns do you really want to be sat across a table with somebody who is in that much pain who is in that much of venom who thinks that this is a really good way for them to process their wound so this can really help you feel compassion for the people who attack because you don't know what they're going through you don't know what just happened to them you don't know what kind of attack they're on the receiving end of in their life or have been and this is the only way they know how to deal with their triggers so try and really be objective when you feel very wounded by someone's words sometimes it's because you can't believe that they would sit there and behave this way because you can't relate to it or connect with it so it's important if that's your truth to try not to connect with it and to realize I can't even get my head around why this person would be doing this so I can detach and I can step away number five is what to do if you want to reply to this criticism this is a really big one and it's personal to everybody I've met people who really do a masterful job of responding to certain criticism they get online because they feel it's important perhaps what this person leveled at them on their Facebook page or on YouTube was a very hateful comment and they felt for themselves the sake of their family the sake of the community who are reading the comments they needed to say something back that can go really really well but equally I've seen and been in the situation where you know somebody triggers you in what they say in the criticism and if you go back to them and you're wounded in what you're saying and you're defensive and you try and slam them back it usually doesn't go very well you start to escalate a drama with a person who really wants to win their argument and they're just gonna keep coming back at you so the choice to reply or not is one to really sit with and for most people they won't really reply and especially as the work that you do grows the amount of comments grows you know you're probably not seeing most of the comments but it's really important to understand that if you're going to wade into an argument with an online critic to really ask yourself can I let go of the outcome of this am i okay if they just come back at me even harder or am i trying to win and I think what I'm writing is gonna win ask the opinion of a friend or a loved one before you send that thing out and also recognize there might be a drama that's gonna play out here unless you're able to address it in a really considered really strong way and sometimes I've seen that the online critic comes around and they're grateful for what it is that you showed them so it's a very personal thing and it's a case-by-case basis and it's something that you will try if it feels right to you and you'll just walk away if that's what feels true to you - and last but not least number six dealing with online criticism is a muscle so stay in the game and keep going like I said it might be that it's personally healing something in you perhaps you aren't yet used to putting yourself out there in a bigger way and recognizing what the stakes are with that but sure there will be some people who are really grateful for you and they're the ones that you have to focus on but equally there will be some people who don't like you that will be triggered by you that want to spend their time sat on the other side of their computer taking people down and that's just par for the course so stay in the game don't give up and also especially at certain times in your work or if you post something that you feel a little emotional around don't look at the comments you know take a few if you need to just back away from the computer back away from the computer and generally most of the people that I know and myself included they might look at comments when they have something fresh that goes out to see how its connecting with people but it tends to be that after a while as someone who is producing the work the comments will be something that you will see as a part of your world and nothing to be afraid of nothing to be nervous about each time you put something out there but also if you know who you are it doesn't really matter what somebody who is projecting onto you via the online world thinks about you or thinks they know about you trust yourself stay in the game it's a muscle and to quote a very famous phrase it gets better you have been listening to impact the world for more of my work please visit Lee Harris energy calm and to attend my five-day impact the world in person training event held in Scottsdale Arizona in April 20/20 vision Lee Harris energy calm forward slash impact

  Top Comments:
  1. @nancybrunet7888 [2 likes]: Ironically only one person dared to "dislike" this video... 😆😉
Robin Sharma once said that "critics are just dreamers who got scared and gave up".
  2. @patriciaeroz5828 [2 likes]: GREAT INFO ON DEALING WITH ONLINE HATERS❗️⭐️
💃🏽
  3. @cbcb102 [2 likes]: Thank you Lee, this is useful for day to day criticism too. This will be helpful for my daughter who has little faith in her abilities.
  4. @pamravenscroft4829 [1 likes]: I really needed this today. I just put myself out there on social media and am really struggling with the negative comments. I had to set the video to private to have a break.
  5. @Bexatronica1 [1 likes]: Thank you Lee - I'm grateful for the reminder to be compassionate (#4)
  6. @supportiveinsight [1 likes]: Thank you for the inspiration. I haven't come across a negative comment as of yet, since my audience is very small at the moment. I'll be better prepared when they do appear.
  7. @danniethomas1: Im late, but also, this is such practical advice. Really well done! 4 years later, its only become more applicable. I had one 'online bout' that really affected me and i wish id watched this then. I had a new realization about it watching this, so thank you. ♥️
  8. @AlexanderQuinn1: Great video. Really important
  9. @magicasmedicine: Thankyou for this Lee. I really like the idea of reframing the criticism as a way to identify and heal core wounds! Much appreciated!
  10. @TheLanguageOfDogs: Very helpful.
  11. @melbelloracle: I really needed this guidance thank you! 💖
  12. @janeparrott: Thank you for this. I really needed this today as I went for it and put myself out there. Talking about my connection with spirit appears to trigger so many men. They are leaving some awful insults. The worst so far stating that I was sexually abused by an uncle. His comment came under fire by another female. He was swiftly deleted and blocked.
  13. @paruclarke-shunyataretreat5564: great comments why I wasn't ready to go online last year - thank you yet again lee for your help
  14. @ChrisAssaad: Super helpful and timely. Thanks Lee!
  15. @luxkronos846: Very helpful info Lee, thank you so much. This really helps put things into proper perspective. Namaste :-)
  16. @rosefarrugia4901: Thank you Lee. This is great information which is much appreciated 🙏
  17. @susiewilson7467: This was very helpful, thank you
  18. @blackthornhealing: I researched Echort. It does help.
  19. @pamelacollard567: So helpful and reassuring ~ Thank You Lee ~ This is a little Gem that I will re-visit
  20. @jo444: Thank you Lee. Very helpful!🙏💚

- How to deal with Critics and Trolls Online: Kind: captions Language: en this episode is sponsored by Squarespace whether you need a domain website or online store make your next move with Squarespace [Music] I had a message from someone this week she said one person told me that he didn't like my photo there was no constructive criticism just I don't like this it's awful I couldn't see a real name or find any of their work I was sad and a little enraged it made me want to give up it actually really annoys me when I hear a beginner photographers who were excited to start putting their work online for the first time but when they do they're driven off by loud often very opinionated very middling photographers who were just thumping their chest and protecting that patch and on the other side of the same coin I know some brilliant photographers who said they will never post their work online because they just don't want to have to deal with nasty commenters or people criticizing not understanding what they're trying to do and I think that's a tragedy because wasn't the internet supposed to be a place where we all freely express ourselves and share our work with each other but we're all well aware that the reality is that if we post work online we will get people coming past to criticize regularly it's just unfortunately the way the internet works and I for one don't want you to be put off sharing your work with the rest of us just because of a loud minority who don't behave very well so today because I've been doing this for a little while now sharing work online and because I've had to deal with a fair amount of criticism myself I thought I would share with you some perspectives that I put in place in my head that helped me to deal with criticism when it comes in and hopefully you'll keep them in your own mind when the critics come calling on your corner of the internet let's start with this there seems to be this false assumption out there that if we post our work online and I've heard people say this that we're inviting people to criticize it now we all know that if we post work online people will criticize it but there's a big difference between that being the reality and that being our intent for posting that work there in the first place we just all know the people of people everyone has an opinion and the most arrogant amongst us will jump on everyone else's work and say what they have to say because they assume everyone needs to hear it but that's very different from actually asking for it I mean most artists who post their work online actually have something they're trying to say that's why they're sharing their work with you they want you to spend time with that message they're not looking for your cheap rating out of 10 but we know that if we post our work online criticism will come and so we have to learn how to deal with it I think about it like this I split all criticism into three different categories and I deal with each of those categories differently so let's start with the first one let's call it artistic criticism now artistic criticism is done by professionals these are people who have spent years studying the arena that they're commenting in they're deeply informed and they're also not involved in the art that they're commenting in personally so that they can't be accused of just criticizing to just Millian colleagues it's the difference between a professional film critic saying that the Avengers movies aren't very well-constructed and Martin Scorsese standing up and going hey these are terrible and they're not even real cinema he's a fantastic filmmaker no one questions that but because he's in that arena as well those comments caused a stir because it can start to sound like he's just jealous about the ticket sales of The Avengers movies but artistic critics have a role to play they're the ones who've done the deep dive into history to learn everything about that genre and bring all that context to their opinion and they give their opinions hopefully in dispassionate unbiased ways they're often very articulate very well-spoken and well respected often even by those that they're criticizing and the best artistic critics will actually teach average people like you and me had a better engage with a particular art form how to understand it and read it in context and appreciate it on a deeper level I've been watching the latest series of masterchef recently and one of my favorite rounds in that show where the chef's get to cook for the critics because you sit and listen to these people these professionals who have eaten thousands of meals in some of the best restaurants in the world so when they're tasting the work that those chefs are creating they're comparing the artistry of what they're eating with this extensive back catalogue of some of the best food in the world so when compliments come from critics like this they mean way more and when criticism comes even if it's harsh you know that it's well informed and hopefully fairly dealt in a similar vein I'm a big fan of film critic Mark Kermode and I've listened to the podcast he's done with Simon Mayo on five live for well over ten years now and read a couple of his books and I find that listening to him talking about films talking about the history in the context of filmmaking and where that film appears in it I'm better able to recognize the nods that filmmakers are giving to the past the influences they have in their work and how it shapes things and it's deepened my appreciation of filmmaking listening to him he's taught me had a recognized good solid story structure to recognize a well-rounded character and to appreciate really tightly written scripts with realistic dialogue and listening to his take on the blockbusters in the last decade I now no longer fooled by spectacle I need substance and we often forget that an artistic critics job is not to tell the artist they should do it differently and try and direct their work they're actually facing the other way an artistic critic is actually pointed towards the public and telling them where they believe in their expert opinion the public should be spending their money in terms of buying movie tickets or booking tables at fancy restaurants an artistic criticism is never done out of avarice or malice or ill intent in fact the best critics really respect those that they're criticizing even when giving a bad review because they understand the skill it takes for them to do what they do I wanted to paint you this little picture of what proper criticism looks like because I think you can see straight away this is a million miles away from the stuff we have to deal with on line every day but we'll get to them in a minute the second category of criticism we'll call constructive criticism now you don't have to be a professional to give this sort of criticism all you have to do is genuinely care about the work you're commenting on and the person who made it and is the one putting their work out there online you'll recognize this sort of criticism when it comes at you because it has a totally different flavor to it it's always polite it's always respectful it has useful information in it often suggestions for change and it always has a tone of humility to it and humility is important because anyone is giving constructive criticism recognizes that they weren't actually asked for their opinion in the first place I mean personally I've never jumped on anyone's work on line to tell them that I think it's terrible they just had to hear that from me today because that's how I felt I don't understand the impulse for me when I have on the rare occasion commented on someone's work critic it's because I genuinely care about what they're doing and then I never do it publicly I always direct message them or send them an email privately and let them know that I have their best interests in heart and I really enjoy what they do in general and this criticism is because I'm invested in their journey I'm even very careful about giving critiques when I'm asked for them I won't do critiques now unless I can sit over a table with you one-on-one in the real world face to face and I want to spend at least an hour I want to know your story who you are where you come from how you see the world what you're trying to achieve and how you're trying to get there because after I've listened to all that and you can tell that I really care when I say something afterwards that might be critical you know it's because I'm invested in your journey and I'm informed I understand what you're trying to do but sometimes constructive criticism can come through our public comment section and we need to learn how to recognize it not just knee-jerk reaction push it away because it sounds critical recognize it for what it really is because that stuff can be gold for us it takes a lot of self-awareness and humility to receive those comments but I think it's the sign of a healthy artists who can do that it can take that constructive criticism on board and even maybe turn around to the person who took the time and thank them for caring enough to invest in your journey and the last category and this is the stuff that we're all most used to online let's call it armchair criticism these are the angsty keyboard warriors the people sitting in the comfort of their own homes angrily typing out criticisms at everybody else's work all the while hiding themselves in the anonymity of the Internet they're easy to spot their comments are invariably negative they lack any nuance or empathy or any kind of intelligent commentary on your work they show no compassion or genuine interest in what you're trying to do they're often brash and attention-seeking and usually just rude for rudeness sake there are no useful suggestions in what they're saying and sometimes subtly but usually blatantly they're trying to let you know that they know way more than you about what you're doing and when they do what you do it comes out much better than what you're doing their goal at the end of the day is to bring you down while building themselves up and these are the people who if you push back even a little bit you'll get responses like it's just my opinion or I'm just being honest you or you can't take criticism can you and they were waiting for this the whole point of the interaction with you was to see if they could hurt your feelings a little bit and if they see that they can affect you in some way and get a reaction from you they feel like they won some kind of imaginary power game which makes them feel good it's all pretty gross they will also say things and act in ways that they're just never would in real life I mean imagine if you were sitting down at your local coffee shop and some guy bursts in through the front door and just says the daikon here is shocking the coffee's terrible and I don't even know what's going on with that baristas facial hair a stunned coffee shop owner at that point it's probably gonna go oh I'm sorry so if you have complaints please let's just step into the back office we can sit down have a chat about it I'm very happy to listen to anything you have to say and imagine at that point the guy just ramps things up and yells at the coffee shop owner well if you don't want people coming in here and criticizing your decor and your coffee and your baristas faces then you shouldn't have opened a coffee shop in the first place at this point there is probably a very stunned silence in the room because everybody understands there's a very unstable person present and the police are about to be called we don't put up with this sort of behavior in real life and I don't think we have to put up with it online either so who are these people who just have to let you know that their opinion is your work sucks well I think most of them are frustrated creatives themselves people who are trying to create work and it's just not getting any traction or attention and they feel angry about that they feel like they deserve it but they found you and you might be getting some traction or attention and the fact that they feel the need to bring you down a peg is a compliment of sorts and where they would never approach you in real life to say the things they're saying the internet gives them an anonymity that emboldened them where they feel like they can get away with it psychologist John sulla did a study about how we treat each other online and he coined the phrase the online disinhibition effect he suggests things like a lack of real names or faces a lack of consequences for any sort of aggression a lack of empathy or understanding that we're talking to actual human beings on the other end of our comments a fantastical reading of how our criticisms are being read and how people think which is brilliant for having said it which is very rarely true and the lack of any kind of authority all these things create a soup where people feel embolden to say things to you they would never say to your face in real life psychologist sherry Turkle talks about the fact that eye contact is a key ingredient in moderating aggression between human beings and obviously that's impossible in a comment section when we can't look into each other's eyes we can DQ Minh eyes each other and ramp that aggression up so we all know this stuff psychologists have studied it and the Internet itself is a brand new thing it's only been around for a minute in evolutionary terms and we still need to learn as a species how to use it like adults and unfortunately for many it's still a place where they can revert back to something much more primitive and aggressive and that's a real shame but there are ways we can learn to deal with armchair critics until we all learn to grow up a bit I have a rule for myself which you might find useful and that is to take any criticism seriously it has to be given on an equal playing field by that I mean that if you put your work online next to your real name and your real face if someone wants to criticize that work they also have to give you their real name their real face and some of their works so you know where the criticism is coming from if they insist on hiding behind the anonymity of the Internet you earned a no obligation to deal with them the fact is that most armchair critics will never give you their real name or show you their real work and the reason for that is very simple and I've said it in a previous video you will never find a talented troll mindlessly negative comments don't come from great photographers or artists of any sort photographers like Salgado or McCurry or omote are going around trolling on people's blogs Bruce Gildan might that's a joke great photographers don't do that they're busy producing beautiful work they don't have time for stupid games like that great photographers don't troll middling frustrated angry photographers do you are under no obligation to suffer fools but when dealing with armchair critics they will come straight back at you and say that the problem is you just can't take criticism that's not the case at all I just can't take rudeness I won't abide unkindness or mindless negativity especially when it has that whiff of yelled insecurity about it so what can you actually do about it well the first thing you could do is to push back now I don't actually recommend this but if you like me sometimes you can't help yourself actually had someone comment on a video the other day saying I like this channel and I enjoy the videos but I also kind of like the saltier Sean who pushes back with negative comments on Instagram I probably still had the slightly narcissistic view that if I push back with people I'll break through somehow and we'll be able to have a constructive conversation that will lead to somewhere good but the fact is that never happens and I'm not changing anybody's mind and most people who comment negatively on your work they're not there for an adult discussion anyway the only rule I have for myself when pushing back is that I always need to make sure I'm being a little bit more polite a little bit more gentle and a little bit more generous than they are I'll let them set the tone and then I'll try lift it a little bit so that it doesn't constantly get dragged down it very rarely works to be honest and I usually have to move on to another option speaking of which we can just ignore them most people leaving mindlessly negative comments on your work only doing it for the attention and giving it to them is way too generous I read a great article on research in this called behind the online comments the psychology of internet trolls and this is what the author says he says trolling is a status enhancing activity by attracting readers attention upsetting people sparking heated debates and even gaining approval from others trolls can feel important perhaps much more important than they are in their real lives thus trolling is yet another internet activity that promotes narcissistic motives since trolls may be expected to be far less successful in attracting people's attention in their physical world the only effective antidote to their tactic is to ignore them but even then trolls won't suffer a public humiliation because nobody knows who they are this is what makes trolling so ubiquitous it requires no skills other than the ability to be obnoxious ignoring mindlessly negative people is like starving a fire of its oxygen and if they still won't be dissuaded you can block them it's important to say that you don't have to run some kind of democracy for rude people on your little corner of the internet if people are trying to constantly drag attention onto themselves using your platform it's absolutely ok to block them people were pushed back with you they have with me and claim that I'm killing their right to free speech that they should be allowed to say whatever they want to say on the internet but I don't run the internet I do run my little channel though and I do run my Instagram and you run your Flickr account on your YouTube channel your Instagram and you're allowed to block people in that space that's why you've been given that button they are still free to say anything they want on the Internet they just have to say it in their space or in some online forum that will have them you don't have to allow them on yours and I think it's helpful to think about that you moderate the conversation in the space that you run now hopefully you have the integrity to not just block all criticism when it comes in constructive criticism what any sort of criticism because you don't want to hear any that's an integrity issue for you and you need to make sure you're open to the good stuff but when that mindless negativity comes it's your job to set the conversation on your YouTube channel or set the tone on your blog or set the topic on your Flickr page that's your space and you're allowed to take ownership of that the University of wisconsin-madison did a study where they found that the nasty of the comments in a comment section would actually drive and polarize people apart while they were talking about the content at the top and it would totally swing the topic away from what the subject matter was and they call it the nasty effect it's well worth looking up so because we know that I think it's okay to take ownership of the spaces we've run online and try and create healthy communities if you don't trust the intentions of someone who constantly comments with mindless negativity block them it's okay it's why you've been given that button you're allowed to I've been lucky enough on this channel that I've only had to block about 40 people and amongst tens of thousands of commenters that's really not bad going but I've had no compunctions about blocking those 40 and it's got nothing to do with avoiding criticism I've had some really good constructive criticism on this channel that's led to great conversations they've been respectful on both ends and I really enjoy that kind of stuff but I won't let attention-seekers pull focus so I hope this has helped you I would imagine not many of us myself included they're having to deal with professional artistic critics at this stage but it's good to know about that sort of thing to have the high-water mark of what criticism should be unbiased and informed and remember to say open to constructive criticism even if it's painful in fact when it's most painful is when we know it's most true so that's when we need to take it on board and if we have the humility to do that we will develop ourselves more and we can even turn around to think the person who gave us that criticism for helping us on our journey and when the armchair critics come around push back if you want just know you're probably not going to get anywhere constructive and you're likely giving them exactly what they want it's always best just to ignore them or to block them and it's okay to do that to protect your space and then get back to work I want to leave you with this famous quote by Theodore Roosevelt it is not the critic who counts not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of Deeds could have done them better the credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood who strives valiantly who errs who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming but who does actually strive to do the deeds who knows great enthusiasms the great devotions who spends himself in a worthy cause Who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat so remember you're the one in the arena you're the one putting yourself out there ignore the bloviating armchair critics those cold and timid souls hiding behind online anonymity you're the one in the arena you're the brave one a couple of things before I go for those of you missed my recent update video collection three is now out it's 90 images from last year 45 color 45 black and white peppered throughout with quotes from some of the videos from last year these are limited edition and amazingly in the last two weeks you guys have cleaned out over half my stock so if you want one grab one now don't wait they will be gone soon and I don't have plans to reprint the other things I've started to do monthly emails I've already sent out the first and in those I just give recommendations for books to read photographers to follow movies to watch podcast episodes some of my movements and travel so we can organize meet up some of the events I'm involved with so hopefully you can come out if you'd like to be on that list head across to my website click on the contact page and there's a block on the top of the page where you can fill in your address to be added to the list and thanks again to Squarespace for sponsoring this episode if you need a website or a domain they're a fantastic option I've used them myself from my own personal work for eight or nine years now as I said I've started doing monthly email campaigns and I'm doing all that within Squarespace they've got some beautiful template designs that keep the look and feel close to your website and then you can drag in blog posts or items from your store because it's all integrated couldn't be easier and looks really really clean and then once you've sent it out you can check the statistics for how many people have opened your email how many people have clicked on links so you can work out how your audience is interacting with the work you're sending out there start your free trial today at squarespace.com and go to Squarespace com forward slash Sean Tucker to get 10% of your first purchase

  Top Comments:
  1. @rillaman1 [1 likes]: Just starting out and your words are brilliant. Thank you
  2. @silentmodetv [1 likes]: Thank you.
  3. @mariathithuthaonguyen9667 [1 likes]: 👏
  4. @UKLEAFY [1 likes]: Spot on mate 👍
  5. @thetazlord: I’ve been a professional photographer for 30 years. I will never engage in any critique online, good or bad. I won’t because I’ve come to realize that 99% of the time, the one giving critique has never done what I do. If they do, they won’t present themselves to me so I can look at where they’re coming from. It’s not worth my time and energy.
  6. @AliasJimWirth: This helps a lot, Sean.  Thank you for posting this.  Glad I caught it, though two years later.  One of the upsides of the internet.
  7. @raduf1758: Hey Sean ... as I told you I'm a beginner, I love photography, at least that fire is all the way up for almost 6 months...and I have a day job...so when I start to send my pictures to a couple of friends... everyone love them...(hmmm) I don't have many friends not at all on FAKEBOOK...maybe 50... on Instagram even less, so I ask them be honest...than  they came back to much color,to much... and so and so ....I didn't change but I tried to adjust a little bit... but I still do it the way I like.... So your video really, really help me...Thank you  so much.. and please keep making this videos... Thank you so very much
  8. @alexiacerwinskipierce8114: I know this may sound strange. But, am I wrong for feeling a little bothered by the fact that no one really bothers to criticize my work? Whether it be constructive criticism or armchair criticism. I really don't ever seem to get either. Any constructive criticism I get, I have to seek out and ask fellow photographers I know and respect... I guess what I am trying to say is, does a lack of bad reviews mean my work is essentially just so inconsequential that not even the trolls bother to leave a comment?  I think that is my worst fear.
  9. @philipatkinson1532: I stumbled on this looking for food or object photo learning and was drawn in by the title. My photography is mediocre, but I can learn. I put nothing on line. On the topic; the simplest summary I heard was that “It’s easy to look taller by standing on someone else’s head”. 
- and your videos are amongst the most strikingly and beautifully lit I’ve ever seen.  Phil Atkinson
  10. @-AtomsPhere-: When I think of criticism I think of some of my favorite filmmakers. I know that I will never reach their level of genius or mastery.  Yet, for those same filmmakers, I know many people that would consider their work boring or pretentious. Even the greatest artists of all time have a lot of people that hate their work. So it teaches me that I can stop being so hard on myself!
  11. @lauriecorcoran4050: I have zero patients for trolls and don't mind blocking them;)
  12. @Pat-1000: I needed a second viewing of this today as a reminder, thanks again Sean
  13. @willallcock8846: The B roll at the start of your vidoes is always absolutely stunning but this was just perfection
  14. @daxvolfan: That Roosevelt quote is awesome.
  15. @stevehooker2482: It's a very old saying but I've always kept it in mind - even as a freelance film critic - 'Never listen to a critic, no one ever erected a statue to a critic...'
  16. @kojo6300: Love your videos
  17. @deltatango2581: @seantucker This is one the many reasons that I love your channel. I've been away from photography for about 10 yrs and feel as if learning it all over again. However these days with the internet, it's a whole new ball game. Thank you for the many great ideas! While street photography is not my thing, you have give so many ideas that can applied to really any field of photography one may choose. I found you through Matt Day, who is another great at sharing ideas. I hope to be able to start posting soon myself.
  18. @paulschumacker9901: Thanks for another video about photography that transcends the medium.  As a scientist who “grew up” attending face-to-face scientific meetings where (often junior) trainees would nervously present their hard-earned results in front of senior established experts, I quickly came to despise the ones who would crucify the junior trainees for the perceived weaknesses in their work. Then, early in my career at a small meeting, I kept seeing the same guy get up to ask questions.  His comments were always insightful - I would hear them and think “that’s what I was thinking!”  At the end, the junior presenter would learn something important, and leave the stage under the impression they had thought of the idea themselves. It wasn’t about the ego of the questioner - it was all about the content. I left that meeting, as a junior investigator myself, thinking that it would be wonderful to work in the presence of that scholar. Through incredible good luck, that came to pass some 7 years later.  It transformed my career and my life, and I’ve tried to pass that positive approach to junior people in the same way, ever since.  Great mentors set the example that others admire.
  19. @politicallynatural: Brilliant. Love your work.
  20. @flatbrokefrank6482: I respect every one on u tube but, if you stick your head above the parapet - takes me back to my C&G photography class - crit was Thursday afternoon - the lecturer was trying to turn us into versions of himself - but yes it is a sign of the timers unfortunately, its not right, and it stifles creativity. - Stay safe

- How do you handle CRITICISM? | Simon Sinek: Kind: captions Language: en if you talk to an artist and say why do you paint why do you dance they don't understand the question the answer they give is I can't not right it's there's compulsion and not all ideas uh have compulsion you know they don't feed our souls and you know I think for for probably shared by a lot of people in this room you know the question is is what ideas should we be stubborn with and what ideas should we know when to quit and I think it's often often a debate like you have to know when to quit and you should never quit and I think the answer is if you can't stop thinking about it if the idea has so much Soul at the old it it just compels you those are the ones that we never quit we're the other ones sure you you can sort of figure out a time to walk away and that is what this became for me um uh it was something I couldn't not do um and when you have that kind of belief in something desperate belief and people have it in their families they have it in their faith they have Desperate belief in something um the the criticism um becomes part of the fun frankly um are you I mean the story you're you're told you're talking about is true it happened in the early days when I was talking about start with Y I was on a stage talking to a fairly large group of entrepreneurs and business owners and um the very first it wasn't a question the very first statement made when we went to q a a guy just with the microphone said um uh I think you're naive um I don't think you're you've never run a multi-billion dollar company I think your ideas are uh useless in the real world and I don't think it'll ever work um and my answer was so don't do it next question like and and it's not because I'm I'm was being difficult it's because I never saw my job to convince people because I don't think I'm right and I don't think that I have answers I think I have a point of view that's all and so I'm simply sharing my point of view and if you don't share my point of view I'm totally fine with that you know if you want to run your business your way you run it your way I just think business could run this way um and so I never took it personally quite frankly when when I got comments like that or when they questioned my my credentials or anything like that

  Top Comments:
  1. @Luvaido [46 likes]: Wow..  I love that. " I don't think I'm right.. I just have a point of view. "   ... That is deep. ❤❤❤
  2. @hannesolivier204 [17 likes]: My company recently went through a situation where one of our partners pulled out for no reason costing us 90% of our income and this just after we expanded increasing our overheads by 800%. 

My team is so amazing that when the option came to either leave with the partner or stay with me, they stayed with me. 

They then used the criticism and bad treatment from the ex-partner to fuel us up and EVERYBODY pulled together to bring in sales. As soon as all our sales execute, we’ll be x10 what we were before they left. 

Criticism can be used as fuel to reach a dream.
  3. @MikeisRelic [9 likes]: Excellent reality model organization by Simon.
  4. @gideonamankwah6491 [8 likes]: Personally, I dont think criticism helps me. I rather get feedback. I know I have flaws but criticism is wrong to me. Feedback is helpful and tells me what i can do better. Criticism complains and whines. Hope you understand and agree to that. Criticism may be good for you and others but not for me. EX: if you drop 49 points, 20 boards, 13 assists,  4 steals, and get 4 blocks on 20-21 shooting but someone doesnt try to appreciate your performance because they point  out I had 1 missed shot, I  find that nitpicking. Another example is  when you get a 99 percent on your test if your parents criticize your test score and get nitpicky because  they wanted a 100 and cant praise your test score. I dont buy into constructive criticism because criticism complains, nitpicks, whines, and argues. I use feedback and only give it when someone wants to hear it. I dont really listen to criticism because it doesnt help me and I have the right to stand buy it. Feedback explains. Criticism complains.
  5. @glehagocoaching [5 likes]: Loving this. It's a great way to handle criticism. What works for you may not work for others. It's not about forcing things on others but about sharing views to make things better. 👍🙏
  6. @PanduCROfficial [4 likes]: Amazing perspective, it shifts a lot of perspective
  7. @Manoftwoworlds [4 likes]: Simon should run for government, we need more people like him to change the way we look at life, in my humble opinion.
  8. @sanjoyroy3150 [3 likes]: Absolutely. This is the view point I subscribe to. You need to know to pick your battles and also walk away. Fine balance, but its a clear choice after all.
  9. @FreedomFinanceFun [2 likes]: 2nd agreement, Don't take anything personally
  10. @tatyana6063 [1 likes]: I have problems with criticism. Even too much all the time. So I can relate to this.
  11. @ConstanterMotivation [1 likes]: I learned there are two types of criticisms. 'Constructive', and Destructive. Learn and grow from Constructive, and ignore Destructive.
Constructive = You're not passing the ball enough to get your open teammates a chance to score.
Destructive = You're a BALL HOG! and you're SELFISH!
  12. @Hariukin [1 likes]: how to i handle it ? i absolutely Value it.. i love critique. i ask for it, i even almost demand it by making it openly known that i love contructive critique.. i learned the most from my greatest foes.. and i value their opinion.. (you need ofc the ability to differentiate between just unloading at you, and critique)
  13. @quartytypo: Maybe I have the wrong attitude. I see criticism as hand grenades.
  14. @petercdowney: When I get criticised, I assume bad faith on the part of whichever psycho chose to criticise me.
  15. @hjworkshop1: Easy to take criticism when you are a “consultant” as you can always fall back on I’m just here to advise.
  16. @PRESCRIPTIVELIVINGDIAGNOSEPRES: A great question!
  17. @essamgossiel6377: That's a very good response.  A good response would have been "look here sir, that's my opinion and that's what you're here for, you don't need to apply it  There's no need for that kind of attitude, and if you're coming with such attitude, then my suggestion is for you to go, we're here to share opinions, this shows me that you are disrespecting me but most of all you're disrespecting yourself, so please act like a professional".
  18. @J-Bru7: Where can we watch the full interview?
  19. @siddheshkhaitan6287: Now that's what I'm talking about! ✨️
  20. @terry2588: 👍🏽👍🏽⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

- Dealing with Online Criticism... w/ Michael Knowles: Kind: captions Language: en how do you deal with criticism and angry people on the Internet it's easy to joke about especially after you've been through this for a while but in the beginning at least for me it was quite unsettling I wasn't sure what to do with it um you I think the humble approach is to do some soul searching like yeah maybe I am a horrible person like that's certainly possible in fact I'm quite convinced that I am I'm just not sure I am for the reasons you're saying but maybe you're right how did you deal with that how do you deal with that now it is sanctifying it actually is sanctifying I almost never block people on Twitter I only block people if they attack my family or something that's the reason so I'm not I'm no free speech absolutist I have no problem with the block button but I don't use it because it is humbling there is a guy some troll on Twitter who every post I ever made this guy would respond and say Here's Little Mikey again with his hashtag white power racist sexist phobic whatever all the things that they call us and but it was so funny the diction was so funny and I just kept reading it finally I responded to him one day I said I know you mean to uh you know irritate me but I have to tell you your addiction is so funny I really get a kick out of these tweets he deleted his account I was kind of upset because I thought these are very funny tweets and sometimes people will make real criticisms you'll hear people say never read the comments I don't think I read the comments I don't read all of them who obviously waste your whole day but I do try to read some comments after that speech last night Franciscan I scrolled through the comments just to see and there was one really good criticism what was that my speech so the premise of my speech for I I would hope the entire audience has already poured no doubt I've watched everywhere but the premise of the speech is uh science is fake in that it it just creates representations of the world that do not correspond as well to reality these were the old ones right so uh a classic example would be to look up the scientific definition of a kiss you know what I mean like that is not at all right what a kiss is and right you might mistakenly believe that it is the true definition of a kiss but human beings no different what does that mean that's the objective definition you know these sort of lips slurping on each other yeah that's not quite it or what is a woman I mean that's the question that everyone seems to be talking about what is a woman the scientific answer is a woman has two X chromosomes my answer is a woman is sugar and spice and everything nice the latter is more accurate the latter tells you more about what a woman actually is than 2x chromosomes I don't know what that means yeah what is man's position in the universe the ancient view is the man is the center of the universe the the scientific view is that man is this little dot on a rock circling this ball of gas in this galaxy in the supercluster in a super cluster in a supercluster complex man is the center of the universe is more accurate because man is the Nexus of the of the physical world and the metaphysical world through his rational Soul we're the only being in this world that has that right animals have bodies but they don't have a rational Soul that's why we don't put kittens on trial for scratching people and you know ideas exist and they have great power but they aren't bodies Angels and Demons exist and they have great power but their own bodies we are that Nexus we actually are at the center of the universe and you see this perfectly in the Incarnation right the Incarnation of Jesus Christ is that is that perfect meaning and you see this in in the sacraments so that tells you more about what things really are and and so at that point people say well no no but Michael the difference is literally speaking literally uh man is on this ball circling in the middle of nowhere in space I said well is that literally true what do you mean by literally and this was where the criticism came in I said you're saying literally to mean not figuratively not symbolically but there's a problem because the word literal is a paradox because literal refers to letters which are symbols right and so I don't I really don't know what you mean when you say literally or figuratively my view of the world is a semiotic view I think everything has meaning and so you can for you to tell me no no I'm talking about the things without meaning well that's nothing everything has meaning and the criticism was Michael you dummy you have confused signs and symbols and that's why your speech falls apart a sign is a something that signify that denotes a signified a sign has a direct relation to what it represents that's why signs are languages in in themselves like a stop sign or like letters and words whereas a symbol you see is that which connotes the symbolized meaning it has a less direct relationship to bring it to Earth a sign is commonly understood by everybody the meaning of it a symbol is not necessarily commonly understood different people can have different interpretations of symbols which is a really really good criticism you get to scroll through 8 000 comments to get an intelligence though I mean that's a great but the reason that criticism Falls flat is because of the rest of the speech because the premise is off that criticism would have been true in another time in another place when people had common language when those signs of letters and words really did have a direct relation to where Representatives understood by everybody the problem with our time is we no longer have a Common Language so they the word woman does not denote yes woman it's it has it has ceased to be a sign and become a symbol that is now controversial man same thing so so because of the breakdown of language that no longer holds up but I thought wow I'm so grateful for that criticism because it at least made me think to work through the that distinction which I would would not have given much thought to and it actually helped me to make sense of my own thoughts and that is true that happened to be a beautifully written criticism but it's true of all of them it's true of even hey Knowles stop talking like that stop using that dumb word hey hey Knowles you look like a jerk hey that actually makes me think oh maybe I need to button my jacket oh maybe I need to but but I mean surely you have people in your life who do a better job giving you these criticisms than having to scour through YouTube comments some yeah I mean is that the advantage of having a team around you at the daily wire who get to tell you like don't say that again or are they not as micromanaging yeah they're not as micromanaging and and sometimes people are wrong too you know and committees rarely uh do anything good individuals often have good perceptions and insights committees not so much uh so yeah obviously they're close people in my life that I turn to for that sort of advice but I also turn to the trolls on Twitter because the the trolls on Twitter have no care for my feelings they actually want to hurt my feelings and so sometimes you get blunter harsher more precise criticism from them thanks so much for watching please like if you liked and if you loved subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @pintswithaquinas [8 likes]: What has been your experience of online criticism? Let me know below.
  2. @dt1458 [4 likes]: The only criticism I have made of this channel was when you and some other guy were recommending protestant Bibles - which is heretical
  3. @chrissexton4129 [3 likes]: Very good thoughts, great clip!
  4. @JohnHenrysaysHi [2 likes]: Sugar, Spice, and everything nice? So, Michael thinks that men have an excuse? Alright. High five, fellas!
  5. @collegepennsylvania837 [1 likes]: "If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.”
- CS Lewis

Key To Eternal Life:
https://youtu.be/uZdv-TtiMkg
  6. @brendonjmb9786 [1 likes]: To explicate what is often mean by "objective" or "scientific" knowledge, we can look at Aristotle's four causes: material, formal, efficient, and final.  Much of science nowadays is solely concerned with material, efficient, and (strictly natural) formal causes.  Thus, "objective" accounts will, as a rule, exclude the supernatural formal causes (very important for understanding anything to do with man) and final causes (which ultimately leads back to God).  This is precisely what Michael is emphasizing when he speaks of man as the "center of the universe" (final cause) and as the "nexus" of the natural and supernatural world (full formal cause).  This is a helpful framework for understanding exactly what is lacking when people want to get "scientific" or "objective".  Credit to my mother for pointing out to me the connection between contemporary science and the Aristotle's four causes.
  7. @sandstorm7768: When it comes to criticism of Mr. Knowles, I do know that he is pro-torture, personally citing Andrew Klavan's zinger of "we should make waterboarding a sport," even further doubling down when asked on the subject with "I don't see anything wrong with it." 

Makes me highly doubt the sincerity of his faith. Death penalties are arguable, but to be genuinely pro-torture? Especially disgustingly-creative ones that could only conceivably be exercises of sadism? It's abominable and despicable, especially considering torture does not even get the correct information out of prisoners. It makes them lie and admit to things they didn't even do. American soldiers from Vietnam can personally admit to this phenomena.
  8. @jenniferbond5771: haven't heard a word from you about that from you yet. would be good to her since you have the ear of so many well known catholic and orthodox christians. Thanks
  9. @jenniferbond5771: matt have you commented on Zelensky and the crack down on the church and a monestary. ?

- How to Deal with Criticism: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to talk about how to deal with criticism. Now anytime you do anything worthwhile in your life, it's heavy lifting. And to me this is a good metaphor because the more you try to do that's worthwhile, the more criticism will come to meet you. It's very important that you learn how to respond. to it. So, let's get into the details. Hello there friends. Hy name is Alex Lyon. And this channel, Communication Coach is here to help people probably like you, rising leaders. So if you want to work on your leadership and bring out the best and all the people around you, then this channel is for you. I believe that good leadership and communication change lives. Today, we're talking about how to deal with criticism. And if you're going to try to do anything, take any risk in your life, you will be criticized. Even the best of us get criticism. Gandhi was criticized. Mother Teresa was criticized. Jesus was criticized. So certainly you and I are not going to be able to avoid this. the question is how do we respond when we hear criticism. Now, the first thing I want to say about this is that I believe that criticism is one of the most valuable ways to improve whatever we're trying to do. So I do value criticism, but I believe we need to go through some internal checks as well as some external responses to make sure we're handling this the right way. Let's talk about three internal checks that you can do as you're listening to someone give you criticism. The first thing you wanted to do is check your mindset. In other words, as you're listening to this, are you thinking about okay this criticism is going to help me become the best version of myself that I can be. It's going to help me grow. It's going to help you learn. If so, then that is a very valuable mindset to walk into a situation like this. If, however, you're thinking that you want to essentially make the critic happy, you would rather have them approve of you and you want to be like a people pleaser, then criticism is not going to do it for you. If you're trying to please the critic, then that is a loser's game. You're never going to make a 100% of the people happy. If your mindset though is I can use this criticism basically any criticism to help become the best version of myself that I can be, then you're headed in the right direction. The next internal check you want to do is the source. As you're listening, think okay do I know this person? Do I trust this person? Do I understand this person's motivations? And if the answer is yes to those questions, then you're probably listening to someone who is valuable to listen to? Now of course, a stranger, total stranger can still give you valuable feedback, but at the same time you want to understand where they're coming from. So usually I listen to feedback from people I know and care about me and that I trust and I understand where they're coming from. I understand their motivations. The third internal check I do is that I want to hear as I'm listening the nature of the criticism. Is this criticism ultimately meant to build me up and to help me grow? Or is the person really trying to just tear me down and just leave me there? Obviously if they're just trying to tear you down and leave you there, then I don't think you need to listen much. You just thank them and move on. If, however, it's meant to help you and help you grow and build you up ultimately, even if it might be hard at first to listen, then I really dig in and I listen to it. And this topic about the nature of it I don't think that it's the tone that really makes the difference. I have heard very polite people who , they sound really sweet and nice, say the most horrible things in this sweet tone of voice. When I used to live in the South, people would say this phrase. they would say, "bless your heart." And then they would say a totally insulting comment right after and it sounds like they're being sweet, bless your heart, but and then they would say something awful. So that's a sweet tone. At the same time, I've had coaches like athletic coaches tell me something very directly and it sounds blunt and harsh. But you know what? They're trying to do is help me improve. So I try to take personality out of it. Now obviously I would rather someone be polite and have a supportive tone, but it's really the nature of the feedback that I'm listening to as I'm hearing criticism. Is it meant to build me up or just meant to tear me down? so if the feedback passes those first three checks, then I think about how I'm going to outwardly respond. Now the first thing I do is I take a deep breath literally I just breathe in and say okay let's listen to this person. Let's hear it out. Then what I do is I that I'm receptive to listening. I listen carefully instead of defensive. If you act defensive and start justifying, then it's going to shut the conversation down in a negative way. So, I ask questions. I draw them out. I listen for those details, show them that I'm tracking with them and ask follow-ups. Now once I've heard their criticism--you first of all you thank them toward the end of the conversation. And it can be a very brief conversation. Make sure you thank them for their feedback--then I think about does this feedback resonate with what I was already sensing? In other words, I might know that I'm not very good at one thing or that I'm pretty good at another and is what they're saying striking that nerve? Is it hitting home? And if it does, then I just go get to work on it. And other times though they'll say something that is a little surprising and that I wasn't exactly expecting. And in that case, I will go get a second opinion. I'll go ask somebody else that I do know and trust and I do value their opinion. a lot of times you'll get feedback like when I wrote my book. I got some feedback on it that a certain chapter was absolutely horrible and then when I looked at the other reviewers' comments, the feedback was really good. They said this is a great chapter. and so you know sometimes you have to balance out different opinions from different people. Now ultimately, let's back out all away. If this criticism is [going to be] helpful then it needs to align with your priorities. And if it doesn't align with the things you really want to get better at, then you maybe you don't really have to put much focus on it. For example, my priority is to do great work and I'm a teacher and I like writing and making videos. One of the priorities that I don't really care much about is professional networking. Now I know that might be very important to you and I totally respect it. But, I got feedback a couple of years ago need to be seen more. You need to go to more events. You know you need to get out there and shake some hands. It's good politically in this institution. And I totally respect that and it's true about me, by the way. I don't really go out and shake a lot of hands and meet people and say, hey, how you doing? Here's what I do. It's just not what I'm into. And so I heard the feedback. It was totally accurate, but then ultimately I said well they're right but it just doesn't align with my priorities. In fact, if I were to list out my top 10 priorities, professional networking would not make the top ten. So does the feedback really land in a place that's important to me? Is it part of my high priorities? I have a question for you. How do you recommend that people respond to your personal criticism? What are some of the tips and approaches that you use when listening to someone give you feedback? I'd love to hear that comment in the section below the video/ I read those comments and I try to respond to it every single one. So, thanks. God bless and I'll see you in the next video. Hello again. Before we go, I wanted to tell you about a totally free resource that I created. It's a mini course in professional communication skills. I will put a link to it in the description below the video as well as on the youtube homepage and my website. It's totally free and it covers concise communication, clear communication, listening skills, building positive relationships, and problem-solving. I encourage you to check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tanyaclifton1793 [1 likes]: Good stuff. Glad I ran into this video. Can’t believe it was recorded 6 years ago!
  2. @CleanConflict: Great video!
  3. @quartytypo: Those who criticize you are Losers. Why are you even hanging around them?
  4. @tommykiara8875: While I know criticisms are only other people's opinions, there is a silent pressure that they expect you to change and if you treat their criticisms as only opinions and do not agree to them, they will accuse you of not changing after feedback, which either you defend your position or you go even further into no response which they think you're hopeless
  5. @samanthamaclaren8439: Criticism feels like a physical assault to me.. I actually feel it viscerally. I think this might be due to my ADHD... Criticism = Rejection. I've just written a book that's about to be published, and I'm really worried about people hating it 😅 😳
  6. @martyprivate4373: When someone criticizes you by labeling you, as being something. Ask them specifically what behaviors make them come to that conclusion and then evaluate whether there’s any validity to what they’re saying. Separating the person from their behavior. Simply labeling is not constructive.
  7. @cheuktungpang2503: thank you very much!
  8. @Insidethehangar: How I would want someone to respond to my criticism that I give is by acknowledging what I am saying because at the end of the day I am only trying to help with whatever advice or critique I am giving.  Whereas how I handle criticism is simple, I give a wise eye and ear and hear them out. I try not to bring my mind down too much if the criticism is bad.
  9. @tuffjuice: I am currently serving in the military as an active duty. My current rate is EM and I'm trying to cross rate to SO(seals)/SB(Swcc) and I am being criticized because of it that I can't do it and the people who is criticizing me is my leaders on my division. The people who are supposed to support me to get to where I want. I have so many reasons why I want to cross rate but the reason why I wasn't able to join the rate that I wanted was because of my Citizenship status when I joined the military. I was a green card holder back then and my recruiter just told me to take regular rates then cross rate after and that's what I am trying to do right now. They can tell me whatever they want to say but I already made up my mind about cross rating. at the end of the day This is my life.
  10. @annjaco: Take criticism only from persons whom you will take advice.
  11. @annjaco: Great advice, especially about trying to separate the tone and content of criticism
  12. @shakespearaamina9117: Thank you
  13. @njeriwachamluchi7679: Was very helpful thank you I go on defense mechanism. Working on it.
  14. @annaburns2865: In my experience, people don’t really say, “ bless your heart “ anymore. Instead they usually say, “ I love you.” Which also makes you put your guard down. These kinds of people are usually wolves in sheep’s clothing because they use nice phrases, but they don’t really mean them. You can know them by their fruits? 
Do they exhibit Joy, peace, patience, kindness, gentleness, goodness, faithfulness and self-control? If not then, you should pray for them. The hardest thing I have ever had to do was pray for my family, friends and my enemies. Somehow they  all seem to be doing the same things.
  15. @msgoldenemerald: So, what do you do with people that just want to tear you down, and get your superiors involved? You cant ignore them at that point.
  16. @sunnyside287: Super useful thank you! The deep breath helps to calm your amygdala and listen without getting emotional. Rationalising feedback is super helpful. Thank you!
  17. @JimRogers-oc2jd: I was always told when you have been criticised, or being accused in anger, The problem is NOT with you, it is with them! Aske yorself what problems they have that trigger their view, and opinion!
  18. @lbyd874: Thank you 🙏🏾
  19. @yudiroxiy3308: The problem is, how to handle critical virgo people
  20. @sharkjawdigital: OMG. I think this catapulted me forward. Like seriously, this just changed my life. I always knew to take criticism with a grain of salt - guys that is not a strategy for receiving criticism 😂😂

- YouTube Collaborations - DO THEM ASAP (5 Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en if we were to do a deep dive and look for the patterns of successful YouTube channels YouTube collaborations would play a large part in most of them so let's make this simple so that by the end of watching this video you have your first or your next YouTube collaboration already lined up howdy howdy everyone Nate here I created a template for you to walk you through this process step by step it is free and I'm going to put the link in the pin comment or the description so you'll probably want to get that template and follow along as we do this step one as you pull up the template you're going to see this page which includes a big old start here the first thing we're doing here is going to the research tab up here and we're going to this most wanted list the first thing you want to do here is while you're watching this video go here and click add task and add 5 to 10 different channels that you think you might want to do a collaboration with so if I were doing that I'd go like this now while you're doing that I want to explain the thinking behind this most wanted list it's not that you think that if you reach out to them they'll be 100% 10 out of 10 heck yeah I want to do a collaboration with you no rather I want you to think of these as the types of creators that you would like to meet and or build a relationship with even if you never do a direct video traditional collaboration on the YouTube platform you still want to add them to this list because one of the big points we're doing here is getting over the hurdle of why more people don't do collaborations more often we think H it's too complicated they'll never want to listen to me or I'm too small of a channel I dare you or I double dare you to just try this all right so we've accomplished step one the identifying channels and by the way you can add many more channels here if you so desire Now we move on to the next step and that is the research of these channels I want you to go to each of these creators and pay attention to what they are doing online because we're going to be filling out a bit of a profile for this Creator and that includes filling in the contact name a link to their Channel their email if they provided it also if you click here this can include the types of Outreach you might do and feel free to add additional options to the list but here is where the real difference comes in and this may be different than you have ever heard before I provided a template here if you click this that I want you to go into and copy all of this to select one of the people paste it in here because what we are doing now is not reaching out to that person no it's doing a bit of homework first and after doing this many times I've distilled it down to three primary areas so let's use Ali abdal as an example I'm going to be going to Ali's Channel and answering these key questions starting with what are they really good at I have an advantage here and you will have an advantage also if these are channels that you've already watched their content on but for Ali I would say aesthetic is that aesthetic or aesthetic athetic aesthetic that's the American pronunciation positive I can do a feeling clear helpful thumbnails deep dives into expertise mindset and productivity and I could keep going with this so you've done that on the first channel on your list now let's go on to what you admire about them now there might feel like there's some overlap between what they're really good at and their areas of expertise especially if you're the type of person that admires expertise but what we're going to do here is on more of a personal level what do you admire about this person so in this example what I put is conversational tone meaningful connection with audience feels like he really cares about people and by the way I do genuinely think all of these things content Powerhouse and transparency so if you've been following along you have your own list going of what you admire about this person now let's move on to this third thing and I say it's optional because you don't have to have this before you reach out to them but what I'm going to put in here is on a personal level I'd like to know this and on a collaboration level it might look like this maintaining authenticity as a channel grows in the ends announce or an open conversation about how Ali and myself have gone about doing this as our channels have grown all right so after we've done that it's time to move on to the next step and that is Outreach once I've started Outreach I can go ahead and check this box and that will move it to the follow-up status up here now we need to talk about how to do the Outreach the way I see it there are two buckets or two types of Outreach you can do the first would be peers that a reasonable Outsider would say yeah this person is about a peer in your same space might have a similar size of Channel or audience as you or they might be in a similar life situation the other main type of Outreach would be an upscale type of Outreach or if you're reaching out to someone that their channel is much larger than you or they've been doing this longer or their life situation is very different than yours with peers it's easier to just reach out and just say I just want to have a conversation I know we've never chatted before but I genuinely just want to meet you if it's more of an upscale style of Outreach you probably want to be a bit more clear of what you're asking for from that person and it's not get this because they're somehow a more important person than you or that you're not worth listening to it's actually more that in many of those cases uh their time is just more scarce and so the clearer you are with what you were asking for from them the more valuable and more helpful it is to them so I've included a couple of templates if you go back to the start here Tab and you go to these Outreach templates right here I've tested these example messages out with good success and these can be used in DMS or emails I also think this is a good point to mention that if you click the start here if you scroll down I provided some additional helpful links to other videos I've created that will help complete the picture of this collaboration Outreach okay moving back to the research tab up here once you've started the Outreach youve checked the Box you've got all this contact information you're respecting their time you're seeing them as a human with real goals real desires real passions real things that they are working on right now just like you are as soon as that person responds and they say heck yeah I would like to chat more with you at that point you can fill out this field which is a date of when you are having your introduction call with this person so let's say just for example Ali abdal sees this video and he says heck yeah Nate I can chat and I can chat on this date right here just some arbitrary date in the future you can put the date in here because you're going to see it later on because now we're ready to move on to step four communication now why do I think it's a good idea to chat oneon-one most of the time the types of people that I personally and and the other interactions or collaborations that I've had in the past most of the time I want to feel like I've established a connection with that person and I know what it's like to just hang out with them even if it's virtually because it's important to note here at this point you're not even sure if you're going to do a collaboration video and that is just fine it's still worth your time and hopefully worth their time for you to just have a conversation to build a bridge and build a relationship and it's also at this point after you chat with someone when you can say h that person was nice but I do not want to collaborate with them but really the magic now is once you've scheduled an intro call you can move over to the in contact tab up here and voila we've got the people that we have established contact with you can also see that I'm in contact with the Boop the like button [Laughter] Incorporated oh that was a bad one I've been having fun with putting the Boop the like button into my videos and some of them turn out better than others but there you have it if this video is being useful to you go ahead and Boop the like button we need to move on you'll notice at this point that we have some different columns here you'll check this box when you have a collaboration scheduled if you actually say hey I want to do something I want to do a video with this person but also if you're having conversations with this person and there are some action items maybe they have an upcoming launch and you want to do a shout out for them or maybe they say hey I'm really busy right now can you reach out again in 3 months you can put those things in this section by clicking here and saying help out with launch the other thing I've included in here is if you click in you can scroll down and see this you can take notes on the conversations you have with this person you can put the date just another handy thing now we are ready to move on to step five collaborations this is when we've said hey yeah we're going to do a collaboration together we can check the box and it's going to get moved to the next tab which you can find here along the top under partnered and here is as we're getting closer to actually producing that collaboration video we can keep track of the people or the companies or the channels that we're in contact with and we can also put in the exact date that that collaboration is going to happen so when we've reached step five here here is what you want to do you are the person initiating the collaboration and as such you want to make it as good as humanly possible both for the person you're collaborating with and for your audience so for your co-collaborator is that a word collaborator or okay it might just be collaborator here I am inventing words for your collaborator you want to make sure that you make it as simple as possible for them so what I'm going to recommend especially if you're not familiar with collaborations is to make a video that you have the entire plan of the video and you are the host of the video and you're the one producing most of the video and your collaborator is just going to appear in a small section of that video it can be a shout out it could be a small interview it could be a cameo what I found is this makes it very easy for you to reach out to that person and say hey I'm making a video about this specific thing would you mind recording a quick two-minute section on your phone answering this specific question so make it simple for them and second make it valuable for them if there are ways that you can shout out their Channel or show your audience how cool that person is or their channel is it's going to be awesome for your collaborator and it will make them much more likely to want to do the collaboration in the first place but also to want to do collaborations in the future for your audience the two main focuses you want to have is one making it valuable for your audience make sure that the collaboration actually makes that piece of content a more valuable piece of content which by the way you might want to look forward to more of this in the future but second you want that collaboration to make that video more enjoyable for your audience to consume if you've done those things for your collaborator and for your audience congratulations you have executed a successful collaboration all right there's a bonus here and that is the benefit of collaborations for you as a Creator yourself it is a lonely place here on this rock especially as YouTube creators if we're solopreneurs or we're solo creating things it can be very lonely you need people in your life to spend time with to get outside perspectives on to think outside the box I mentioned that in last week's video it is exceptional for your mental health and the relationships I have established while doing this have meant so much to me and also if you want to know how to identify what channels might be the very best candidates for collaborations you're going to want to see a [Music] catch's collaboration thought hey I could give it a try

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [22 likes]: Here's the custom YouTube template: https://clickup.pxf.io/c/5015775/1986837/16855

It might take a few moments to load, then you're good to go!
  2. @PediaTipsDaily: How we know if other want to collaborate ? Who wants to collaborate with me ?
  3. @Alphanso-vd6cf: thanks for the practical ideas by showing me how i can make my channel grow
  4. @YesterdaysBritainScrapbook: I was thinking he's making this very complicated then I realised this video is nothing to do with the YT Collaboration feature which only launched in late 2025! To me, the new feature is a no-brainer, I can't see any downsides to it.
  5. @LocDuong-o4w: I’ll be back for more videos like this.
  6. @bcbccj: I’ve learned something new.
  7. @CoreHealthMatters: Thanks for sharing. Who wants to collaborate with me?❤
  8. @AflexExira: I appreciate the clarity.
  9. @Nhi-l9h: You never disappoint.
  10. @SelinaSrenco: This is how it should be done.
  11. @phat-d1s: I didn’t expect to enjoy this so much.
  12. @ConfusedTacoGaming: This is such great advice. It’s easy to forget that the things proven to work (like genuine connection) apply here too. It really is like networking: you’re reaching out, building relationships, and creating trust. It’s something we think about in a work setting, but on YouTube, it’s easy to overlook (I know I do sometimes). This reminder is spot on.
  13. @AnilYadav-go8ul: Really helpful tips, thank you.
  14. @GeoffreySerebolo: Your editing skills are insane!
  15. @andrewtugrik6348: The effort really shows.
  16. @ShunkKate: This was super helpful, thank you!
  17. @DannielleVivek: The visuals are amazing.
  18. @thuy-f8c: This was so much fun to watch.
  19. @sergykarnauh6646: This was super entertaining.
  20. @WaterdogDance: Any DIY channels want to collab?

- The New Magic Word for Branding is Collaborations: Kind: captions Language: en brand collaborations used to be sparing targeted special even but now we see a feeding frenzy of tactical virality based on one magic symbol balmain and barbie sure zara are never last why not verve klico and yayoi come on in the clicks are lovely no collaboration is too kooky no partnership too wacky in this patchwork harlow grenade but why do brands collaborate the most obvious answer is the magic that happens when brands co-mingle fans when taco bell joined forces with frito-lay they sold a billion dollars of doritos locos tacos in 14 months similarly the collab artois between yeezy gap and balenciaga created a presence far greater than the sum of its already great parts much of this is driven by media and social media for whom collaborations are catnip especially when it's startling as liquid desk skateboards painted with tony hawk's blood and then there is the network effect exemplified by james bond product placements where middle level brands like toyota and heineken bask in the glory not just of double 07 but of luxury marks like aston martin and bollinger how brands collaborate is equally fascinating there are the high low collaborations popularized in the 90s by target which created mastice collections with everyone from missoni to victoria beckham there are strawberries and cream collaborations when say nike supplies their shoes but apple tracks the steps or when red bull provides the energy but gopro captures the proof there are taste bud collaborations that monkey with our senses like coffee mate and snickers or coca-cola tic tacs there are digital divide collaborations where analog brands join with next-gen tech like gucci and xbox or esalaron and google there are beach head collaborations that introduce new shampoos to unsuspecting hotel guests or tempt fast food carnivores to experiment with plant-based proteins and finally there are shock before collaborations championed by supreme which seems to be on a quasi-perotic quest to see if there is anything it can co-brand that won't sell out in seconds collaborations are going nowhere not just because they add to the gayety of nations but because they work the cleverest and most viral collaborations don't really add value they multiply it and this is why of all the characters on the keyboard this cross may be branding's most lucrative the collaboration leads to fascination which in turn leads on to cash i'm ben sharp the branding and advertising columnist for bloomberg opinion you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ocuix [10 likes]: I have just devoured all three of these Ben Schott Bloomberg QuickTake videos one after the other. THIS is the intelligent, well produced content I’ve been looking for on YouTube for so long! More please! Marketing Week with Mark Ritson need to be looking to these as a great formula!
  2. @jacksonrigamonti9208 [6 likes]: Wow, these Ben Schott videos are all great. The language is concise but illustrative, their content is right on the money and interesting, and filled with specific examples. I hope we get another one soon!
  3. @mehdiconsulta [3 likes]: "Colab à trois " is my new favorite expression
  4. @ChrisMorris1336 [2 likes]: Amazing content, more please!
  5. @MichaelSkinner-e9j [1 likes]: A lot of people become so competitive, or they have this toxic, competitive mindset, that they don’t realize that collaboration is Simply Better than fighting a dumb fight.
  6. @letsdoodlesomethinghome3404 [1 likes]: Idk what’s it called bit you forgot the giveaway collabs.. that usually happen between a lotto company and another company (like a super market brand) but it could be another company. Ik where I am there’s literally a Monopoly and McDonalds collab and it’s like you buy this much stuff and you’ll be entered into a draw for a car kind of thing..

Or is that similar to another you have mentioned?
  7. @GeoscienceImaging [1 likes]: I'm kind of disappointed you didn't collab with anyone to make this video though.
  8. @HediRigby: This should be in history books.
  9. @j9_njoroge: Impressive
  10. @ErumShaheenClarityArchitect: Hello All, I am looking for collaborators if any one available
  11. @ahmedismael1876: Make everything as a consumer with collaboration and AI to make solutions for everything and sustainability in this way you can solve all world problems.
  12. @bradleyshimels3253: Great article .Thank you  for presenting this fascinating subject of modern logo collaboration so well !
  13. @Negotiables: Excellent presentation and collaboration differentiation. Numbers don't lie - physical location isn’t necessary for the business in 2024 like it's not enough to solely rely on your brand audience. The brand collaboration will play a pivotal part in New Marketing, and soon, we'll see collaborative retail stores, websites, and more. Collaboration is not only an effective marketing strategy, but it also works as a great networking tool. We’ve helped more than 100 brands to showcase their product in a pop-up store where your target audience is met. We can help you also.
  14. @herintuion88: Thank U for sharing…
  15. @PerfectconeRealtyph: :hand-pink-waving:
  16. @LearningToLove..: Top tier content!
  17. @PauloTravels: In fact, collaboration was the key for my breakthough on instagram. after my first collabs with bigger accounts on my niche, I was able to get a lot of engagement and followers. I love collabs.
  18. @jonathanguzman431: First off Taco Bell and Frito lay didn’t collab together. Pepsi owns both of them so it’s only right for them to sell their own products there. Same with Mountain Dew and Doritos. Both the same brand… Pepsi.
  19. @SreeramMakam: Nice vid
  20. @shatoogul354: Its always for the Capital. Save the Capital is their aim.....

- Influencers Are QUITTING & Going Back to 9-5 in 2025...: Kind: captions Language: en I quit being an influencer this year officially. >> Let's talk about why I decided to return to a 9 to-ive job after being a full-time digital content creator. >> The Wall Street Journal just published an expose on how much influencers make, and it's not much. >> So, today we're going to be going over a topic recommended from one of you guys. Please make more of these influencer quitting videos. It's very informative and gives more perspective behind the scenes beyond what these influencers show you. I know that this is the new dream job for many right now, but people are starting to realize that you can't just upload a few videos or posts and expect to just start rolling in the money now. And if you do get to that level, it doesn't mean that the money is going to be consistent or stable for the rest of your life. So, we're going to be looking at many examples today along with comments from you guys from previous videos. So, if you want to be featured on a future video, leave in the comments down below. But, let's just start off with this clip. This is my story of why I decided to quit being a full-time influencer after a year and get a job in corporate America. So, reason number one why I decided to not be a full-time influencer anymore is honestly money. This came down to stability and my long-term goals and I felt like I could just reach those financial goals quicker if I wasn't an influencer. I also may have jumped into being a full-time influencer sooner than I wanted to. And I had to bust my ass to honestly make as much money as I wanted to every month. I was taking on, I'm not even joking, like 12 sponsorships a month just to make ends meet. And that was just not the vibe for me. So, how many sponsorships do I need to take every single month? Am I willing to do that? And what happens if I don't get that many sponsorships? And I did have multiple streams of income. I was doing Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube. I had Google AdSense from YouTube. I had my like to know it and my affiliate links were starting to do really well. So even though I had multiple streams of income, sponsorships were without a doubt like 80% of my income. So if I wasn't getting brand sponsorships, things were they were off. >> Okay. So I think you know my stance with sponsorships. But especially with the influencer types that don't really have a niche other than just showing their lives, that's really the only way that they could make money is to just shell out products from other companies. And even though you've probably heard deals with massive YouTubers and huge Tik Tockers for thousands, tens, or hundreds of thousands of dollars, that's not easy to obtain. So, in the end, your content just turns into infomercials on whatever product you're sponsored by. She said she had to do 10 or 12 of them a month just to be able to get by, too. It's not like she was making a ton of money. And even with corporate America and the job market not doing too well right now, if you can land a job, that income is much more stable than anything you see on social media. Let's talk about why I decided to return to a 9-to-five job after being a full-time digital content creator. So, I recently moved back to the US after living abroad in London for 4 and 1/2 years. And while I was there, I was a full-time YouTuber. So, I was vlogging about my life abroad and uploading pretty much weekly. Living abroad was an amazing experience, y'all. But after a while, I started to realize like I can't talk about this forever. I was starting to feel a bit bored and burnt out from sharing my day-to-day life because not every day was super interesting. And I started to feel like I was living to make content, you know, like everything had to be content. Okay, so a couple things here. The situation's a little bit different than the first. This person did have a niche. However, it was too small of a niche, I would say. She was living abroad and it's fun and exciting. You can make videos and posts, but as she said, eventually you just kind of get bored and tired of it because not every day is going to be the coolest day on the planet. And especially if you're known for that type of content, like living in a specific city, you're kind of stuck because that's all people want to see out of you. She also talked about the same thing as the first clip, of course, the lack of stability and also talking about benefits that you would get from a normal nineto-ive insurance. And I think a comment from one of you guys goes very well with this clip. The reason that girl ran out of new exciting things to post and others don't is that they just lie. They just create fake scenarios and make videos about it. That's why she shouldn't figure out why she ran out of things to do. I mean, there's a whole host of Tik Tockers who just make completely fake stories up, fake relationship issues, first dates just in the eyes of entertainment. So, why wouldn't people do that for vlogs? And adding on to trying to make everything in your life interesting every day. If you watched Casey Neistat back in the day, I believe he made a daily vlog for around 800 days and he ended up stopping. This is somebody who is a professional filmmaker, knew what people wanted to see, and it almost cost him his marriage. He was so burnt out. He basically doesn't really make videos anymore. Once in a while, he'll upload something. So, if you do end up picking this type of niche, it probably won't go on forever. We have a set of screenshots here. Why I quit influencing the beauty marketing. So happy I did. First thing, hyperconumerism and selling products, a lifestyle that I didn't fully believe in. Now, every time I hear something similar from an influencer who quit, they kind of say the exact same thing like this. I'm so unbelievably grateful for every opportunity and love every brand I've gotten to work with. Blah blah blah. Okay, we get it. But especially if you do the beauty influencing, that's all everybody cares about. The newest product from this company and here's a get ready with me and here's the link in the description for it as everything just slowly increases in price. I mean, if you ever walk around Sephora, it is insanely expensive for how little product you actually get. And your job is to sell it to everybody who's watching. No one talks about the vanity. All your content is around you. Kind of seemed like that was pretty straightforward to me, but I felt so narcissistic creating content about me 24/7. Looks and self-image become far more important than intelligence and inner beauty. Again, I kind of thought that was a given if you're in the beauty niche. This industry is brutal. No one will tell you how awful many of these beauty influencers are. A lot of them have gotten exposed for it as well, and people still watch. Fear of losing relevance, keeping up with the trends, beauty fads, just constantly having to sell the newest product to your viewers, personality splitting, and self-censorship. You have less privacy, fear of making mistakes in the public eye. It's like being under a microscope. You're always being watched. The larger you get, the more people know who you are. And the last one, going viral changed my life, but also didn't. Everyone wants to go viral, but no one tells you what happens after. You get a high you can't explain. I've talked about this many times. Getting attention online is basically like a drug. And if your video just explodes and gets millions or tens of millions of views, it's pretty unlikely for that to happen again. So, you'll be chasing that high from now on. Why do I feel low-key nervous to post this? Let's talk about why I'm quitting being a full-time influencer. For context, I've been full-time with lifestyle content here and on Instagram for about a year now. I'll also say it's been going really well lately. I've had awesome brand deals and I've been making more than I made at like any of my previous jobs ever in my life. Okay, I just wanted to put this short clip in to add on to this just being another vessel to sell you products because this person had similar issues compared to the last. Having to talk about yourself 24/7, of course, because you're a lifestyle and beauty influencer. There's nobody else but you. And then talking about and trying to sell all of those products from sponsorships. I thought it was interesting in this comment section, the top comment. I quit being a full-time influencer and I honestly don't know how I feel about it. I make way less money, but I hated how scamish my content felt. So, this person had 300,000 followers before she stopped. But her saying that she knew how scammy her content was, I think is very interesting. I feel like everybody has to hide it when it comes to the Tik Tok shop sellers because the amount of lowquality timu level products people are trying to sell you. They're straight up lying to you just so you buy the product. And it seems like this ex influencer couldn't handle that anymore. But we have another comment from one of you guys. If you manage your money right and know how to invest and save, you could turn your influencing career into something that you can build on. Unfortunately, a lot of these people spend their money showing off their lifestyle. And when they inevitably become irrelevant, they are broke. Everybody likes to think that if they do start getting insane numbers that they're just going to get the same amount of attention for the next decade or two. And that's just not how the internet works. I mean, you could go in and out of popularity within months or even weeks. I mean, there's a ton of stories of big YouTubers making millions of dollars and now they're broke. Jason Nash, right off the top of my head, is one of them. And solely relying on money that's coming from Google AdSense or the Tik Tok shop can be very dangerous because you are not in control at all. Tik Tok is still screwing me over financially. Several weeks ago, I noticed that many of my videos were no longer making me any money whatsoever through the creator fund. And on June 14th, I looked into it and found out that I had in fact been disqualified from the creator fund. Why, you might ask? The reason that Tik Tok gave me for removing me from the creator fund was that they identified my account as a business account. This all came as news to me, but I appealed the decision and then I switched my account back from a business account to a personal account, which I thought would just solve the problem outright, but uh I was wrong. >> Okay, so I've heard a wide variety of issues when it comes to the creator fund on Tik Tok recently. either people getting kicked out for no reason. This includes massive Tik Tockers with millions of followers, or the way that they get paid, the ad rates or affiliate links just drop down to virtually nothing. So, they're still bringing in a whole bunch of views or sales, they're just not really getting any money for it. And at that point, if you're relying on that income, what are you supposed to do? Here's another example of somebody getting a ton of views and how much they actually made. >> I had a video hit 50.4 4 million views on Tik Tok. And I'm going to tell you what I made on it. There are very few people that can probably say that they've had a video hit 50.4 million views. The video went super viral. We had everybody contacting us wanting to repost the video. We had ridiculousness emailing us. It was insane. And do y'all want to know what Tik Tok paid me for a video with 50.4 million views? $1,300. $1,300. I'm not trying to be ungrateful, but I'm just saying y'all out here thinking, "Oh, this the the Resilient Jenkins, their videos are crazy with views. They must be getting mad amount of money." No. No. That's not how it works. >> So, that's why I know a lot of Tik Tockers try to switch over to YouTube and bring some of their audience. But, it really depends on your type of content and if you could be interesting for more than 30 seconds like a Tik Tok. But yeah, 50 million views is pretty insane, even in today's world. And 1,300 bucks isn't nothing, but it's not something you could survive on. And virtually nobody's racking up 50 million views a day to make this somewhat sustainable. It just won't happen. an expose on how much influencers make. And it's not much. It's not all the glam. And the reasons that influencers aren't making as much as they used to is cuz payday is really over. The days of when you could charge $50,000, $20,000 for one post and it would perform really well is over. The Tik Tok ban is looming and brands are getting tighter and people are just spending less. So, what this means is that we as content creators need to get smarter in how we work with brands and how we promote ourselves and want to make money from this type of work. Okay, so more stuff with the brand sponsorships, but something that I haven't talked about yet with any of the ad rates back a few months ago with the possible Tik Tok ban and just the overall economy right now. People are pretty unsure of what's going to happen in the future and if there's some bad stories that come out on the news, the stock market isn't doing too well. the marketing companies that are paying for ads on YouTube, on Tik Tok, really any social media platform pull back their money because they don't think they're going to get as good of a conversion rate if normal everyday people aren't sure about what's happening next. So, that's another variable you could add on top of this whole influencer social media thing. Another comment from one of you guys, there was an article in the NYC newspaper on how influencers are being rejected for apartment leases. influencers income are now unstable and cannot be used as income in NYC versus a paycheck guaranteed every month in another field. The younger influencers now have a main job that correlates with their channel if they're in a creative field, which is also something that might not be the best idea to do, but we'll get to that in a second. Because with the rise of some creators like this guy up on screen, Hub's life. I know everybody's basically talked about this guy over the past month, but he ended up getting very popular because he was making a day in the life videos when he was a normal dude just going to his everyday 9 to5. Nothing special and a lot of people found that relatable and liked the content. So, he gained a huge following. Now, on the other side of that, he ended up quitting his nineto-5 to pursue being an influencer and really tanked his whole channel because now he became unrelatable to everybody else and the whole situation's pretty rough. He's begging for money on live streams. It's really not looking good. But people initially saw the amount of views he was getting. I mean, some of his clips have tens of millions of views. So, they started doing content very similar with their jobs. But, I would even say with all the examples that I've seen recently, it's even dangerous to make a day in the life videos. while working a full-time job, trying to maybe kickstart your online career because there are a lot of clips that I've seen like this. >> This is a PSA to not post day in the life get ready with me, come to work with me when you are really working. I don't care how much you blur it out, there's always going to be a slip up. If you guys know, I post content on here, Instagram, LinkedIn all the time. I have just as many followers on my other platforms as I do on here. So, all I do is post content. Come work with me, things like that. But I posted a video on here that got me fired. >> No, your job should never be content. I don't know what people aren't understanding. I'm seeing this on a daily basis at this point. Why do you keep posting this? Amazing people don't know when you're at work work. I can't even lie. There's just a ton of examples. Yo, what's happening? What's happening, man? Um, it's a very, very vulnerable moment for me cuz today, um, I lost my job for going live on TikTok. My live was just to show a day in the life, um, as a manager. Um, I went live while I was doing payroll. I went another live when I was doing scheduling. It's in a corner and um, my staff, one of my staff members, I guess, screenshotted or something and went to my regional and was like, "Mark's going live at work." >> People love doing live streams while they're at work. We've seen this a lot on some of my older videos and this guy was supposed to be a manager and he ends up getting canned for it. more of the comments. But my question is, why do you keep going live at your job? Are we not adults? Why are jobs having to tell us this? If you were on the clock, you're held accountable. Unfortunately, I'm sorry to hear that, but you got to be mindful that they could let you go because you're on the clock. I also thought it was funny that at the time that I found this video, he was currently live streaming. Probably not the best video to have up if you're currently looking for another job. But we have another comment from one of you guys. As a teacher, the amount of kids who say they want to be a streamer or YouTuber when they grow up makes me want to give up on them. I don't destroy their dreams to their face, but I just hope they figure out something practical before it's too late. It really is the new professional athlete or astronaut, any of those types of jobs. There are just so many people out there with a mindset like this. >> I just quit my job to do content creation full-time. How many followers do I have? 2,000 or so. How much money have I made off of Tik Tok? Here is why I did it, though. I was a server and I was not happy. I was going into work every day. And of course, there were other scenarios that played into the fact of making me quit. But I was like, you know what? This is my life and I can do whatever I want to do. If there are countless other creators over here, Whoa, sorry. Those are the cats. If there are countless other creators on here monetizing like crazy and making thousands and thousands of dollars off of Tik Tok, why can't I? Here's the other thing. I don't care how many times you have to hear this until it finally sinks in. But do what you want to do with your life. Okay, so I get that it's your life and you could choose whatever you want to do, but there seems to be no reason to do this other than she wants to make money online being some sort of lifestyle influencer. It didn't sound like she wanted to go into a specific niche that she was interested in. She doesn't have enough followers to even be able to get into the creator fund yet, let alone all the issues that we saw with the fund earlier in this video. She hasn't made any money in the past doing something online. No experience. she wasn't some sort of social media manager at a previous company. She was a server. Because then maybe you can make the argument that she knows how to grow a following. It just seems like, oh, I see other people making a bunch of money online. I want to as well. There's no backup plan either, even though she has bills, rent, and cats to take care of as well. I know I'm being very negative right now, but this just seems like a recipe for disaster. I hope it works out because I don't want to see someone get evicted, but this was a video put up by her just a couple months ago. I just signed a lease on my very own apartment and I just got the job I wanted less than an hour ago. I don't have a boyfriend to tell, so I'm telling the 300 people on here. I don't know if that refers to her follower count at the time or just the amount of views that she gets on her normal Tik Toks, but within just a couple months, she's now quitting that job, even though there's no active way of making money online for her, at least in her current situation on Tik Tok. It it's just very confusing to me. All while I'm seeing people do the exact opposite. Stop being an influencer. go back to normal 9 to fives. I don't know. I think there needs to be a bit more planning behind this. But that's all I got for you guys today. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. YouTube thinks you'll like this video popping up on screen right now. But hopefully you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please leave a like and I'll talk to you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZacV2 [299 likes]: Do you know an influencer that went back to a 9 to 5?
  2. @Ap-jq2wz: I think adults being on tik tok is weird af. That shit is for dumb teens .. idc get off that shit
  3. @kaycoleman2063: Unfortunately, not enough of them are quitting.
  4. @CHAINMANS: Absolutely no respect for "influencer"'s. One level above a pimp!
  5. @AverageSavage99: I’m just a Rez kid a savage a nobody lighting in the middle of nowhere life on Da Rez ain’t shit
  6. @bg1234_5: Goooooood.
  7. @eggshells652: I'm am sorry but you were a senior analyst, a well paying job with amazing benefits and 401K, to an influencer begging for donations? Only 4 days in office with WFH on Friday, what a play 🤦‍♂️
  8. @Stachios7777: I’m noticing a pattern with these types of content creators. It seems more so like a niche/passion/truth problem. There are people who have been travel bloggers,beauty creators and so on for years and they make good money and will keep going. It seems like a lot of them in this video didn’t expect content creation to be a job that required hard work. They started doing what everyone else was doing and got bored/burnt out. Lol

It’s best to make the kind of content that can be ever green. Kinda like Zac’s vids. Also there’s a startling difference between being a content creator and being an influencer. Influencing is basically glorified marketing. I wish them the best tho.
  9. @caliborn65: Imagine being surprised you got fired from your job for not doing your job?
  10. @PaganMinn: For today's sponsor! Is a soul draining sentence I hear in 90 percent of YouTube videos. Makes those videos lose a lot of authenticity imo. Everything everywhere is about making money. That's what this world worships. Sucks
  11. @chris5947: cus you broke
  12. @peartreecameras5662: A lot of people I know are pulling away from social media and the internet in general - me being one of them. 

Haven’t worn my Apple Watch in months, cars have been swapped for more ‘analogue’ older cars and I’m just generally slipping back to a simpler way of life. It’s great.
  13. @JzanellJ: People are going to get burned out on social media sooner than later. Wonder what the next wave will be.
  14. @sheriwl: I'll never understand why people want to be "influencers".  It's not a lifelong option or reliable career.  How do people not know this?
  15. @livefreeandwise6044: Only one problem though, your content is not supposed to suck.... all of theirs does... sorry.
  16. @angelamcdaniel1071: 16:55 amen! Do what you want but also, and most importantly,  be a grown-up about the consequences of that. You want to believe the lies, go ahead, but don't come back crying because you don't have friends or real skills to get an actual productive job to support yourself. "Influencing" is not a real job, nor does it require any skills.  Well... besides being a good liar and narcissistic person.
  17. @RebeccaDavis-h8q: I love your videos.... and I also love your Lava Lamps! :)
  18. @danfox5430: Live streaming while at work = working a second job while doing another.
JFC.
  19. @ZGh0st1422: “$1300 isn’t something you can survive on” guess I’m dead then
  20. @nicolassmith9629: the saddest part is these chics are inspiring all these little girls to follow in their footsteps, get addicted to their phones, make-up, vanity, and spending their parents money instead of just enjoying being a kid! Terrible influences

- I quit my job to become a YouTuber, here is how much $$$ I made: Kind: captions Language: en One year ago, I quit my full-time job and I became an independent tech creator. And in my very first year, I made $151,57047. Now, I'm going to break down where every cent of that came from. But first, I want to tell you how it started. I went into debt. Oh, man. All right. Here we go. On August 28th, 2024, I announced that I was leaving The Verge in my very first independent YouTube video. I no longer work there. In case you don't know, The Verge is a tech publication that I had made YouTube videos for for the last 7 years. My plan in leaving was to take at least a little bit of the YouTube audience I had grown while there and start a channel of my own. And when I decided to do that, I had $7,000 in savings and no real path to an income stream. I was not monetized on YouTube. I had no Patreon, no merch. I had never brokered a brand deal and I was terrified. Here goes nothing. What I knew I could do, though, was make a YouTube video every week. So that's what I did. Rolling, rolling, rolling. I was having a great time making stuff for just me, answering to no one. But by my fifth video posted, I'd also lost a lot of money. I had rent, a car payment, health insurance, student loans, living expenses, gear expenses, and on top of all of that, I had to buy a brand new iPhone so that I could review it. By the six video mark, my bank account was really low. And nothing sucks creativity out of you quite like not being able to pay your bills. Rolling. It wouldn't be until my seventh video that I finally got a bit of income as an independent creator. That was when I got my very first YouTube monetization check for $1,66348. It was also right around that time that I signed a management deal. This is my manager, Kim. >> Camp bird. You're seeing footage from a brand trip that we took together last spring. Signing with the manager was an incredibly tough decision for me. I was someone who had just spent seven years making content for someone else. I walked away owning none of it. So, for better or for worse, I'm just incredibly protective over my brand. But within the first two months of doing YouTube, I realized that I'm just not a business person. Like, there are creators who do YouTube for the business. And that's amazing. I'm just not one of those people. I do it because I want full creative control. I just want to make stuff. And so, I knew I needed to find somebody who could do more of the business work for me. And since Kim and I have been working together, I have taken home. And that means after his commission, $113,48355, which made up 75% of my income last year. The process goes like this. Cam does his Cam stuff and then he brings me potential partners. I like to use products before I recommend them to you. So, I usually try to get a product in, use it for a bit. If I like something, that's when I start making a 60 to 90 second ad spot. They'll go in my content and once the brand approves, it gets slotted into a video and then you see it. This video sponsor is EVAX. I've actually been using the robot vacuum since last March. So, it was like a no-brainer. Yes, I want to work with you. And here's what the final product looks like. There is nothing more satisfying than watching your little robot vacuum do all of your work for you. I think I might have a problem. I'm obsessed with this thing. >> This is the Eovax X11. Look at the mop lines. This is like my favorite part. It's got all the great EVAX features that I've come to love, like wet and dry cleaning depending on what surface it's on and a brush and a mop that can extend into corners. But the X11 has a few new features like power boost charging that can give you 6% charge in just 3 minutes while it washes its mop and a bag-free design. And because of it, you no longer have to spend hundreds of bucks a year on disposable dust bags. Just pop this thing out, empty it, and put it back in and then watch it get back to work. >> Still doing so good. >> There's a link in my bio for the new Eovax X11, but there's also a link to a Google form where you can enter to win one for yourself. Just put your name and email in. and I'll be picking a winner at random in a week. And don't worry, I'm not going to spam you with emails. Hell, I'm not even going to save it. I just need a way to get a hold of you if you win. Thank you, Eveax, for sponsoring this video. Now, back to the show. So, while brand deals do make up a majority of my income, they're not the only way I make money. Let's talk YouTube. Since going independent, I have published 43 videos on this YouTube channel. And out of all of them, my highest earning was my 33rd video, my bike trip video. It got over 300k views and made me over $1,400. And the video that made me the least amount of money was my Game Boy camera video that only has 46K views and it only made me 74 bucks. What's interesting about those two videos though is that they're what I call me videos. So, of course, as a creator, I make content that I think will perform well. But I also promised myself a year ago that once a quarter I'd make a video that was just for me. It was about a topic that I wanted to explore. And yes, one of them actually filled my bank account, but more so than that, both of them filled my emotional bank account, my creative bank account. This is so beautiful. >> So, yes, serve your audience, but don't forget to serve yourself, too. And take risks, of course. Overall, in one year, I've made $15,513.84 via YouTube monetization, which makes up 10% of my income. Another income stream for me is Patreon. Over there, I post all my videos completely adfree. I have a chat, and I also do a weekly newsletter that's filled with what I'm working on, what I'm thinking about, what I'm reading, watching, listening to. The newsletter has turned into this amazing way of documenting where my mind's at. And it's also just been such a great way to practice my writing. I think everybody should have a newsletter, even if it's like just for yourself, for your friends, or your family. It's just like a really easy, good way to stay creative. There are currently 287 of us on Patreon, and if you're one of them, you know, I appreciate you to no end. In total, Patreon has brought in $10,27527 in one year, which was just shy of 7% of my total income. The last 8% of my income or $12,298 is a mix of award money that I've won, some speaking gigs I've done, and affiliate linking. All right, so that's everything I brought in. But of course, the other side of the story is expenses. When you own a business, you pay for a business. So, of course, I get gifted and lent a lot of tech. I get taken to a lot of locations, but I also have to pay to get a lot of places. I have to buy a lot of tech. And then there's gear, of course. I also live in the US, so there's health insurance, taxes, and then all creatives know the Adobe Creative Suite. All right, that was a look back. Now, let's look forward. Over the summer, I was approached by this guy. This is Jonas. He's an incredible designer, and after many video calls and drafts and texts and notes, he came up with this. Welcome to the new look of my YouTube channel. It was incredible working with Jonas. He gave me many different options and different ways that we could go, but ultimately, I felt like this was bold. It was true to life. It felt natural and it just felt like me. And I am so excited to rep this. It's not quite live yet because there's a couple things that I still need to do, but it will be coming out soon. If you are in need of any sort of branding work, I will link Jonas's website down below. 10 out of 10. Cannot recommend him enough. There's also some merch that's going to be coming, but I'm picky as all hell. And like this logo is like too high to the top. And then like this one, the little bird emblem on the front is just like I think it's just like too big. Although I love the color of the shirt. Um, so yeah, there's there's merch coming. There's even this like pink, which I like never thought I would like a pink shirt. But this is this is sick. So make sure you're subscribed. Uh, and you'll know you'll know. You'll know when it's coming out. Let's go. Lastly, I want to rapidfire some lessons that I learned this year because wow, I learned more in this year than I think I have in maybe any year of my life. First, it's okay to say no, but uh you also need to say yes a fair amount, too. Now that I'm not at the verge, inherently people don't just like want to work with me. So, I need to show up at brand trips and at events and really allow people to get to know me more. Two, take more breaks. I went so hard when I started this YouTube channel and I don't regret any of that, but the emotional roller coaster keeps running and sometimes you need to stop and be with that for a bit and allow yourself to take a breath. Three, take more risks. The bike video was a huge risk. I didn't think that I could even make it to Rochester on a bike. Um, so that in of itself was a risk and then filming it all and making a video around it. Just the most fun. my my favorite video I've ever made. Okay, now it's your turn. If you have anything you want to see more of, if you have helpful, constructive feedback, I am all ears. And lastly, if you have a dream, keep it calculated. Don't pursue it just cuz you want to, although you should want to, do it because it feels like it's the right time and you feel like you're ready, but then do it. Pursue it with all that you have. I appreciate you so much. And I'm about to say a line that I didn't always know would be true, but I said it at the end of every video anyway, and it feels that it is true now because of you. I'll see you on the next one, bud.

  Top Comments:
  1. @N0N0111 [2 likes]: It is so insane refreshing that we are getting some of the early days of YouTube back from these well known creators on YouTube that work for a greedy big company.
More and more of these well known creators are starting their own channels and making a living, I am loudly applauding this movement!!! We want more!!!
  2. @N0N0111 [1 likes]: Haha totally funny, I have heard this music tune in so man video's this year.
Yes, video's about YouTube creators leaving their job and starting their own YouTube channel.
  3. @N0N0111 [1 likes]: Robot vacuums are this good these days that they do a 8.5/10 job every time!
More people should get them, they are a huge time saver!
  4. @Alex-bm9nb [1 likes]: wow, that's a lot. gratz!
youtube used to pay well for views then they kept decreasing the share to creators now they pay so little. smh
  5. @Hobbies4Hire: Great job on the video Mark! Thanks for making it. You do great comparisons.
  6. @N0N0111: I want every 2 months a channel adventure report.
Thinks like, these comments on my video's were a total inspiration!
Which video's were the most fun to do and recommendations to watch!
And all the fun stuff!
  7. @DrMarianneTrent: This has renewed my belief in brand deals being super important!
  8. @DrMarianneTrent: wow - you got monetised so quickly!!!
  9. @pubesinteeth7049: Shout out to my hometown bend OR!
  10. @onthefritzadventure: That pink shirt is FIRE!! 🔥 🔥
  11. @GoingWithGo: Could you please make some how to edit and create vids? Your takes are so good this could help a lot of people? Thanks
  12. @GoingWithGo: Been watching you since your first video, love this for you and wishing you lots of success and happiness along this journey!!
  13. @huntermeyer4972: Came here from Cortex and subscribed!
  14. @THE_RED_PORTAL: im subbed this video is fuckign wholesome holy fuck im hooked , and that pink shirt , yoooo bro plz can i buy that? ill rock it and post it on IG and tag u and everything that shits so sick
  15. @THE_RED_PORTAL: 4:41 
awwwwwe. 
youre gonna make me cry!
  16. @dolodeauna: Now this is CONTENT 🔥 Your transparency and vulnerability is greatly appreciated.
  17. @saisathya6274: Straight from the Waveform podcast mention, subbed!
  18. @wearemadaher4570: You have just made my morning! love this video! I am now a follower ❤
  19. @JuanPabloVasquez: Desktop setup video pleasee
  20. @ydrahNwahs: @BeccaFarsace I would like to reach out about a brand partnership. How can I contact you or Cam to see if it’s a fit?

- quitting your youtube addiction is easy, actually: Kind: captions Language: en If you’ve ever tried to “quit” social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ve probably told yourself&nbsp; that YouTube doesn’t count. You know, cause it’s — educational. But if you take a second to&nbsp; think about what you watch,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll realize that about half the time you spend&nbsp; on YouTube is unproductive, and the other half is just There’s really no way to sugarcoat it,&nbsp; it’s pretty much entirely just wasted time. So one day I finally decided to quit watching YouTube. But what I quickly found is that most of the&nbsp; advice out there isn’t really that helpful. It’s&nbsp;&nbsp; almost always a bit too extreme and it’s a bit&nbsp; too restrictive, and it’s hard to actually follow. And that eventually led to me to figure out that&nbsp; it doesn’t work to just cut out YouTube entirely. And honestly, you shouldn’t. Because, entertainment is fine&nbsp; to consume once in a while. And besides, some things you can’t easily&nbsp; learn from a book. Like how to tie a tie or&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pressure wash a driveway. Sometimes&nbsp; you need to look up a video on YouTube. But besides that, most videos, like the&nbsp; ones you get recommended on the homepage,&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the suggestions, most of&nbsp; those videos are just filler. They’re not that fun to watch. They’re not that&nbsp; relaxing to watch. And if we’re being honest,&nbsp;&nbsp; they’re usually not productive either.&nbsp; They basically just fill up time. I remember seeing this TED Talk one time, and&nbsp; the guy pulled up a graphic, and it said that for&nbsp;&nbsp; young people, out of all the time you have left in&nbsp; your life, that’s not spent on sleeping, eating,&nbsp;&nbsp; driving, working, hygiene, or doing chores,&nbsp; 93% of it will be spent looking at a screen. And I looked at that and I thought, Could never be me. So while you shouldn’t quit YouTube entirely,&nbsp;&nbsp; here’s an easy method I found&nbsp; to at least cure your addiction. Step 1 is the strongest and most&nbsp; effective step. And it’s to start&nbsp;&nbsp; consciously recognizing that your YouTube&nbsp; suggested feed is pretty much 99% useless. I always knew that certain videos like&nbsp; stream clips and commentary videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; and funny videos, were a waste of time.&nbsp; But I didn’t realize that podcast clips,&nbsp;&nbsp; educational videos, self-development&nbsp; videos, were also a waste of time. I was convincing myself it was productive to&nbsp; watch them. But if you open up the homepage for&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 seconds, and you just don’t click on anything,&nbsp; and you really look at what it’s serving you, you realize, none of these videos have&nbsp; changed anything for you in the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they probably won’t change anything now. You click it, you watch it, you think&nbsp; you’re getting something out of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; but 99% of the time, you come out of it the&nbsp; exact same person, doing the exact same actions. Realize that every time you get a suggested video,&nbsp;&nbsp; that specific video realistically&nbsp; won’t change anything. And that is the trick to&nbsp; stop binge-watching YouTube. Blocking the website, turning on restrictions,&nbsp;&nbsp; downloading extensions, that all&nbsp; works. But it’s way more effective&nbsp;&nbsp; to just look at a video straight in its&nbsp; eyes and just have no desire to watch it. Step 2 is the second line of defense. I don’t find it that useful to download an&nbsp; app blocker or a website blocker extension,&nbsp;&nbsp; cause it’s so restrictive, you just&nbsp; want to immediately turn it off. So instead, the best thing&nbsp; I found, for your computer,&nbsp;&nbsp; is an extension called UnTrap for&nbsp; YouTube. Just search it up, It’s free. What it does is it allows you to&nbsp; customize pretty much everything&nbsp;&nbsp; you see on YouTube. You can turn&nbsp; off Shorts so they’re just gone. You can even completely hide&nbsp; the suggestions if you want. But for the homepage, I like to&nbsp; keep the suggestions and just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; off infinite scrolling. That way you&nbsp; have about 20 videos to choose from,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that’s it, you can’t just keep&nbsp; scrolling down until you find a good one. Eventually, when you actually go into a video, You&nbsp; can disable the title, the views, the description,&nbsp;&nbsp; the buttons, so you can’t click on the channel,&nbsp; you can turn off suggestions, and the comments&nbsp;&nbsp; too, and you can turn on grayscale, so that&nbsp; every video you watch is in black and white. So you get the video, but it’s just&nbsp; less stimulating, less distracting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you have no option to go down&nbsp; the suggested videos rabbit hole. And for your phone, you can&nbsp; get this app called ScreenZen. It won’t block YouTube, but every time you&nbsp; open the YouTube app, it’ll pause for 5, 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30, 100 seconds, you get to choose how&nbsp; long, and it’ll show you an unskippable&nbsp;&nbsp; message that you can also customize. I&nbsp; reccomend you make it something insulting. After the 5 seconds are up, you can choose to&nbsp; unlock the app for a few minutes at a time or&nbsp;&nbsp; to just not open it all. And if your insult&nbsp; is good enough, you probably won't want to. But the best feature, at least for me, is that&nbsp; you could separately block YouTube shorts. I don’t know how they made this a feature,&nbsp; but you can make it so that even if you&nbsp;&nbsp; unlock the YouTube app, you’ll get a separate&nbsp; warning if you try to watch a YouTube short. And I hate to admit this, but lately,&nbsp; YouTube Shorts has been unironically&nbsp;&nbsp; getting pretty good. So if you also&nbsp; find yourself shamefully watching&nbsp;&nbsp; them and enjoying them, this app&nbsp; will catch you in 4k every time. Step 3, is now replace the habit. Now that you have a bunch of extra free time,&nbsp;&nbsp; you wanna fill that free time with something&nbsp; that’s not just other social media. You can use this time to read, study,&nbsp; exercise, go outside, go to events,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even record your own videos and&nbsp; upload them once every 3 months. By the way, I'm collecting donations in the&nbsp; form of subscribes to fund the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SiTheguyyy [9800 likes]: actually, its not easy
  2. @JimNoltie [1 likes]: I don’t even give a crap about youtube. I just don’t have nothing to do.😂
  3. @Lukelinu: got the app for safari, thanks its neat
  4. @Gerhard57NL: Brilliant video, with very good suggestions. I am also fighting addiction.  Which boils down to, let’s face it, fighting my own lack of discipline. But there are levels of surrender and enslavery and these can be dosed and controlled. I never follow the automatic feed. I search on topic or look if my favorite Youtubers have new releases. Some channels i would hate to miss out on, like Dialogue Works, Danny Haiphong, Glenn Diesen, Judge Napolitano, Daniel Davis, Neutrality Studies, The Greyzone, etc. Alternative news channels for which there are no substitutes. I treat those like radio because the voices provide the key content. Wearing the smartphone and Bluetooth headphones with me and getting informed while I do other useful things. Another motivator is the realization and deep awareness of the value of your own life and time, offset against a company that just feeds you fillers as a means to confront you with a maximum amount of ads. Picture yourself as a bouncer or gatekeeper and constantly monitor if they are still worthy of your attention and worthy to be guest in your household. Annoying types on radio and TV could easily be denied access by the off-button.  Closing the YT-app for a while does the same. It interrupts YT’s flow and i shut down YT a lot if the ads become annoying. The phone-app has particularly bad behavior and is less controllable than the laptop/PC internet version. Another recommendation would be rationing. I am a pensioner, so I cannot be guilty of watching YT during “work hours” in which i’m paid by a boss, but i can decide to regard my hours as very precious and much more fun if i spend them outside, away from media. I can decide to only allow YT during a coffee break to see what’s new, and in the evening when winding down and preparing for bed. YT proved to be very helpful by watching other people’s travel videos on places that i also want to visit, for the purpose of preparation and finding the most worthwhile spots before i’ve even been there. 
Important is the avoidance of arguing, clashes, fighting, emotional drama, anger and indignation. The typical “human interest” garbage that is meant to get you partisan and involved. And lastly, always keep in mind what YT is all about. A candyshop of content from people all over the world, paying for itself by having you watch ads and by keeping you hanging on for as long as possible. Turn that around and see YT as a tool under your control. Pick what you want and have it served, and switch it off in time. Only allow It limited access and limited confiscation of your precious life and time.
  5. @brianvanderspuy4514: I find that perhaps one in fifty of the recommended videos are worth watching, which puts one in huge temptation to keep on scrolling and scrolling. :-) 
There's a great deal of genuinely worthwhile stuff on YouTube (it sure beats the hell out of TV), but nowadays it's hidden ever more effectively in layers of AI slop. Guess it's time to get back to the library...
  6. @kaileebailee23: Oh...I've watched this video before
  7. @shanewright2898: Havent watched yet but im writing to see how comparable this videos advice will be to mine

I try to keep my youtube intentional, i had an extension that blocks out every feature except my sub box and the search bar, then i just monitor closely who im subbed to. No algorithmic slop, only entertainment is stuff I've essentially budgeted as acceptable, and if I need to look something specific up I still can, and thatsearch usually cant put me into a binge watch session since I have every algorithm feature blocked. I still get my necessary dopamine distractions but youtube takes away waaaay less time now than it did before
  8. @mombear5116: YouTube ads have been a huge help to stop watching (or listening) to YouTube. Prior to that, it was turning off autoplay and recommendations - but now, there are so many interruptions, it's impossible to get sucked in. Also, the moment I click in the comment section, an ad will inevitably interrupt, so I don't get caught up in the comment-reading loop either. This video didn't have an ad, so I actually watched the whole thing. It was easy. 😉
  9. @RongDMemer: Music.
  10. @I_Banex01_I: One of the problems I have is that I will just get addicted to something else. Like doomscrolling potential buy. 
I have a strong feeling that one of the biggest problems is the phone/internet itself, as it taught me to expect instant gratification. 
I wish I could live in semi nature (with shower and electricity) for like a month with no internet,  but it's really expensive
  11. @RogueAndroid: Depends, i've got music i enjoy listening to on my YT playlists. I like listening to some science, sometimes some sci-fi or fantasy lore, (retro) games... 

If i was a n actual content creator myself, i'd start on Rumble first though and YT as a second channel.
  12. @SebastianRojas-uu2cp: What a great video, i loved the part of the extensions
  13. @gabybeyer2003: I usually find that procrastination is the biggest reason for my endless doom scrolling. If I don’t have anything I need to do that I don’t want to, I’m usually much more productive with my time, even if it’s recreational. When there’s something else I need to be doing, I usually turn to scrolling. I say “I just need a quick break,” “I can stop whenever I want,” “I’ll get right back to work after a few minutes,” but I don’t because it’s easier to scroll than to actually try to do something meaningful. 

When I have work to do I start scrolling because I don’t feel like I’m intentionally turning my attention to something else or committing my time to another activity when I shouldn’t. If I go to draw something that I know will take a couple hours then I can see the time that activity will take away from my work time immediately and I stop myself. The thing is that scrolling takes the same amount of time (if not more), but there’s always the opportunity to stop and get back to work with short form content and there’s no predictable end time. You just scroll and scroll until enough time has passed that you regret it and feel bad enough about yourself to get back to work. 

Sometimes I wish I could be shown a schedule of my day that tells me how much time I will spend working and actually getting things done so I’d know how much free time I had so I could use it doing things I actually want to do instead of scrolling. But to be healthy and productive people we have to make that schedule and hold ourselves accountable to it I suppose. 

I already deleted all social media about a year ago and have lost interest in all of it but of course I made YouTube an exception. I really hope that this video’s suggestion help me. Anyway I’m currently procrastinating on studying for a calculus exam so I should probably get back to that😅
  14. @therandom_untitledguy5045: 0:18 not for everyone. Much of informative videos and religious and historic content.
  15. @siteshnarayangautam2780: HERE IS THE TRICK GUYS
1. Remember back in 2016 or before when we use to go on YouTube and it use to feel "NEW" like the content and all that, and mostly it use to be songs and shit that we use to play. No Shorts, No Slop....no look at 4hr video on why this happend 300 years ago, or look why the creators of this movie did this or that.....REMEMBER THAT? I want you to keep that in mind. 
2. Use APP BLOCKERs on Phone, and use Instagram and Incognito Blocking Extensions for Chrome.....
3. Put all of the Dopamine that you use to get to YouTube Music Instead. You will feel as if you are back in 2016 days, the simplicity, the music only utility, no shorts no thing. 
4. MOST IMP: Change your search settings, so that when you do type "Y" on the search block and enter, you go to YouTube playlist or some other page of YouTube, not  the FEED/HOME....it has reduced my addiction a lot in the last month or so, and its crazy....
5. Always remember "When the Civilized ways fall short of achieving the results, you need to call back to the age old friend named 'BRUTE FORCE' "

For a few days its like a total Dopamine loss, and lack of motivation, but it totally helped me to focus back on my life.
  16. @quillandextar9654: bro finna lose his whole audience
  17. @Larstig81: Okay, this the last one. I promise.
  18. @zabawkidobrawki7270: 1:09 isnt music good?
  19. @zabawkidobrawki7270: I wish YouTube deleted Shorts because it's making little kids brainroted
  20. @Thomas-l2j5i: I know this sounds petty, but… I’m going insane. I got recommended brainrot even though I don’t even watch meme videos. Some guy mentioned me in a list of pedo-racists even though I haven’t even uploaded any videos or commented anything negative (if I have, I have since deleted it). I really want to stop watching YouTube, but I can’t because there are so many creators whose content I really like. It’s gotten to the point where I have to turn off all notifications and organise playlists of the content I want to watch. I don’t want to do that! I just want to use YouTube!

- Why People REGRET Quitting Their 9 To 5 Job in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en I have no idea how I'm going to make money or what I'm going to do or what it's going to look like. >> Do not quit your job without a plan. >> I'm living at my mom's house. I just turned 33 years old. I've got all this credit card debt. >> Okay, so today's video is recommended from one of you guys. A video about those I quit my 9to-ive boring job and now regret it could be a good topic for the future. So that's exactly what we're going to be taking a look at today. We've gone over many different aspects of the job market. Of course, the mass layoffs and the difficulty finding another job, all the requirements you need now and the demands these companies want with, of course, bottom of the barrel pay. And you still have to fight against AI taking people's jobs and now sorting through your resumes just to get your foot in the door. But now, we're going to be taking a look at people quitting their jobs for many reasons. Whether it was unfulfilling, boring work, or they hated their boss, co-workers, whatever. some time passes after they quit and they regret making their decision because of the economy we're in. We have a lot to go over today along with comments from you guys from previous videos. So, if you want to be featured on a future video, leave in the comments down below. But, let's just start off with some stories. Who else has left a job that you're like not the happiest at because of like company changes and then like 3 4 months later you're like damn I probably should have not left and waited it out a little bit. I'm definitely feeling that. Um I have like a post pinned about it. I left my company at the end of February. I thought it was going to be my forever job. And over the last 6 months that I was there, there was a lot of changes that made me like really unhappy. And I had just moved into a different role within those 6 months. So, I didn't feel like I could like move to a different position. And I was wanting to work part-time. I would have stayed there if they would have had part-time, but they didn't have part-time. So, I left. And I left before we went on our trip to California. Um, and when we went on our trip back home to California, we left there like 10 years ago. We were both like, "We want to move back." My job was fully remote. We had people that worked in California. Um, and now I need to work full-time again to get back to California in 2 years. >> Okay, so there's a couple things with this clip. It seemed like there was a few things that she didn't like, and I understand things changing at the job, possibly problems with bosses. I mean, that's pretty common. And then her wanting to go from full-time to part-time was clearly a problem. They did not offer that. But then you find out that this was a work from home job, which is becoming increasingly uncommon by the day now. So many companies are making people return to office, go back to the normal grind, commuting to the office, building, all of that, and then deciding that you want to move back to a place that's probably one of the most expensive states to live in in the country after you quit your work from home job doesn't seem like the best decision-making. And I think she knows that, regretting her decision, now having to go back to another full-time job to hopefully pay for the possible move in the future. But that has definitely been stunted because she left her job. And we have a comment from you guys with a timestamp talking about a clip having issues with your boss and your co-workers at your job. Again, a very common issue for many people. That's the reason why I quit my last job. Worst part is I regret quitting despite the abuse because the current job market is so awful. Now, before we get into the rest of the video, I do just want to say that this video is not trying to convince you all to stay at your terrible nineto-fives for the rest of your life. I think it's pretty clear how I feel when we go over the terrible job market. The videos that I've uploaded with the crazy job listings and demands from these companies, they do not care about you at all. They will fire you at a moment's notice if they could squeeze out a little bit more profit for their business. However, the influence that these videos have of people just saying quit your job with no backup plan and follow your passion, travel the world, whatever, is honestly just not a smart thing to do in this economy. And of course, those types of videos end up going viral from influencers that have a completely different kind of life to you. I'm definitely not saying you should be a cog in the machine forever, but there has to be some sort of long-term plan for yourself. And working towards getting your finances in a very good place is extremely important in today's climate because if you don't, unfortunately, you could turn into this next clip. >> So, I am now at 65 grand in debt because I decided to quit my job 2 years ago. Like many people, mental health was at a just it was a show being corporate. Like the benefits of corporate were outweighing all the negatives and I was just like, I'm done with. So, literally quit without a plan. like had some savings, like had my 401k and had like a lot of credit obviously because now it's maxed at the full capacity, but I still don't fully have it all figured out. Still have no idea what the I'm going to do. All I can do is be positive, right? Like be delusional because sometimes you have to do that, especially in business when things don't go to plan cuz nothing ever goes to plan. >> Again, I understand how terrible the corporate life could be. But $65,000 worth of credit card debt, 20 to 30% interest, can be a brutal thing to try to get out of. I don't think I need to tell you guys if you've watched any of the credit card debt videos I've made. And then on top of it, the process of trying to find a new job, sifting through all the bogus Indeed and LinkedIn job openings, the several rounds of interviews, the low ball pays just to try to combat the interest that's acrewing every single day. I mean, it sounds like a nightmare to me. We have another comment from one of you guys. I have a corporate job that isn't fulfilling or fun in the least, but it pays a nice paycheck. I think about quitting every day, but I never do. That's just kind of real life rational decision-making. I'm probably going to say this over and over again, but I'm not telling everybody that you have to work in your cubicle until you're 70 years old. But clearly, nobody knows what's going to happen in this economy. Very shaky news comes out virtually every week. To me, if you have a stable job with decent pay, even if it is a very boring job, I would probably hunker down and play it safe for at least a little while. >> I quit a job that I liked to escape my burnout. I enjoyed the nature of the job, but I hated the way I felt doing it. So, I thought the only way to escape the overwhelm was to go to an easier job. I just figured all of these high visibility roles came with this inescapable stress and the only way to have any balance in your life was to do something easier. So, I fled out of desperation and overlooked all the red flags, which in my case was a job that would very obviously and quickly bore me. And what do you know? One week in, I'm like, why did I do this? I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of mundane work. I made it very apparent that I had no boundaries because I was just overcommitting all day long, which meant I was overwhelmed with work I didn't even enjoy. So, what's the issue here? The issue was I could escape the job, but I couldn't escape the real problem, the peopleleasing, overcommitting, and addiction to external validation. It was me. I was the problem. And until I fixed that, any job would stress me out. >> I would add on to that the mundane dead-end type work day in day out for 8 hours a day would probably take a significant toll on my mental health as well. Knowing that your job is just basically busy work. The amount of time that you're wasting in your life would just absolutely drive me crazy as well. But this is a little bit different of an example. She ends up leaving your job because it was a very high stress environment. Again, very common issue right now. being overworked constantly thinking that she wanted a easier, more mundane job wouldn't be as stressful as her first job, but like I said before, the busy work still does take a toll. The top comment here, I just turned down an amazing corporate job to fix anxiety, and now I'm worried I messed up and ruined my career in the long run. We have another comment from you guys talking about the job market right now. The Walmart in my town went on a hiring freeze. The last time this happened was a recession in 2012. I'm struggling to get a job right now. I'm probably going to have to make my own business. One of the biggest regrets I have right now is leaving my last job. I had some problems and issues, not with the job, but my home life, and I should have just pushed through. Now, this next clip, I'm going to say right off the bat, I feel like the numbers are off. This seems extremely high. I don't know where they're getting this kind of data, but I still think it's worth checking out. So, I saw this article on Fortune that says the great resignation is now the great regret and that 80% of job hoppers wish they hadn't quit their old roles and Gen Z is the most regretful. Millions of Americans regret quitting their jobs during the great resignation. So, we've been talking about this the great resignation and the fact that everyone's quitting their jobs and no one wants to go to the office and obviously all these big companies, Apple, Google, all these companies have tried to get people back in the office. They've had trouble. All the leverage is in the employees hands and they're quitting because they can do gig work. They want to work from home. They want to be comfy. They want to watch their Netflix. One of the main reasons for for the regret is, you know, the job market is harder than they imagined. What's crazy is 20 million Americans quit their jobs in the first 5 months of this year. 20 million. >> I mean, talk about just unfortunate timing, though. You know, in their mind, it was like, "Oh, this is the new normal. NFTTS, gig work, work from home, everybody quits, and then literally recession." Yeah. >> And like layoffs and everyone closing, hiring, and numbers are down. And it's like, oh, you just got caught in a trap. >> Man, keep your job right now. That's all I'm going to say. So, these clips are a couple years old, but I thought that they were still relevant because nothing has really gotten too much better since. I will say the 80% of job hoppers and then millions of other people regretting quitting their jobs seems like a very high number. Again, I don't know where they're getting this data, but from the examples that I see on social media along with comments from you guys. There definitely are some. Another comment from you guys right here. Just wanted to pop in here and say that I was close to quitting my job after coming back from a vacation. After watching your videos and seeing the job market, I have to say I will not be doing that and I'm just grateful for where I'm at and what I'm doing. I think this adds on to the point where everybody wants to compare themselves to other people on social media because we consume hours and hours of it a day. Many people might not even realize that they're doing it. You see the random influencers that blew up within a couple months and now they're traveling the world and driving around in Gwagons and have mansions and all of that. And you see them making videos saying, "I had that boring corporate 9 toive job and look at where I am. Just quit your job. You could do exactly what I do when technically it's not impossible. It could happen, but it's very improbable. Especially if you don't have any sort of backup plan or long-term planning at all. If you don't listen to nothing else that I say, you better not quit that damn job until you got a backup. Do you hear me? I don't give a what Susan doing at that job. What April doing at that damn job? I don't give a what they doing. You f to let April and Susan mess up your money and mess up how you're paying your bills? No, we're not about to do that. So, whatever cliff you about to jump off, I'm going to need you to step your back because we do not quit our job without a backup plan. Do you hear me? I'm not playing. I'm not playing. Don't you do it. Because you don't know how long you're going to be unemployed. So, you always need a plan B. Do you hear me? I'm not playing. Don't ever do that because you gonna be homeless very very soon. Okay. >> Some of the comments here. My dad always said, "Don't quit your job until you have another one." Your dad was correct. Don't ever quit a job without a backup plan. That's what I tell myself every day because we could take a look at a couple of those examples that show up on everybody's for you page. >> I had to pull over to make this cuz I just quit my corporate job and I have no idea what's next. I have no idea how I'm going to make money or what I'm going to do or what it's going to look like. >> So, I just quit my corporate job and I have no backup plan. >> So, there is really a formula to those types of videos and you can kind of understand what they're all going to say, but then you go and see the perspective from the opposite side when you're trying to look for a better job. >> I mean this from the bottom of my heart right now. If you don't like your job right now, do not leave. It is ghetto out here applying for jobs. It is ghetto. Cry in your cafeteria. Go into the stall and blow that mother up as revenge. If you work from home, go into your pantry and eat all your snacks for comfort. I don't care. Just do not leave your job right now. >> Some of the comments, everyone's hiring, but nobody hires. Talking about all the ghost jobs that you see on websites. The grass is dead on the other side. Stay safe. Be sure to secure a new job before leaving. The housing market, job market, dating market all suck. I mean, that's a topic in and it of itself, but if you take nothing else away from this video, this next clip hits the nail right on the head. >> So, I've seen a lot of posts going around about people quitting their job without a backup plan. I just quit my job. No backup plan, cuz that was toxic. Let me tell you something right now. Look at me in the eyes. Do not do not quit your job without a plan. I'm not going to call it a backup plan. I'm going to call it a plan. Okay? All these people on social media that tell you that they have no backup plan probably have a trust fund. They probably have somebody that's willing to pay their rent for six months while they figure things out. Nobody truly quits without a plan of some kind. I promise you, this is one of the the dangerous things about social media is people just say things not realizing that their circumstances are not going to apply to everybody. All right? What I'm telling you is going to apply to everybody unanimously. Do not quit your job without an escape route. You are a prisoner. You need to be plotting your escape. So, I'm not telling you not to quit your job. I'm not telling you not to pursue your dreams. I'm not telling you to stay in a toxic environment. That's not what I'm telling you. What I'm telling you is that you need to stay where you are, collect the paychecks for as long as you possibly can, save up as much money as you possibly can, and start planning your escape. Come up with a plan that once I am unemployed, once I am gone from this job, this is what I know I'm going to be working at, and this is how financially I'm going to be able to support myself until I get there. All right, that is the message. No, I I just quit my job with no backup plan other than my parents to pay my rent for the next 12 months. Do not quit your job. Plan your escape. That is my message. If I could say that word for word back to the camera as my opinion, I would. That's exactly how I think. There definitely needs to be some sort of plan. Maybe start working at it while you're collecting the paycheck from the job that you hate. See what sort of income you could get from it and then take the next steps from there. just jumping into the deep end right now does not seem like a good idea at all. And another very good point that he talked about is that all of these clips saying that they quit without a backup plan aren't really true. They do have a backup plan. And we can look at some of the examples. Just real quick, we go look at the intro to this clip. >> I'm quitting my corporate job in 28 days now with no backup plan. >> Again, cookie cutter intro. Quitting corporate job, no backup plan, right? They're going in blind apparently. Then we could take a look at the exact same clip just later in the video. I just kind of want to shed some light on how I'm financially going to be able to do that. I made a list for you guys breaking down my specific financial situation, but also how you could possibly do it, too. Just so you guys know, I'm quitting my job. I don't have another job lined up, and I'm going to be living off my savings. So, obviously, number one is save up some money. I've actually been working three jobs the past couple of months to make as much money as I can cuz I knew that I couldn't do this corporate thing for the rest of my life. >> Wouldn't that be classified as a plan? She was keyed in over a how to budget travel plan in that clip. So she did have a plan. She was working three jobs because she knew she was going to quit. So in the end, it doesn't seem very truthful. Here we have another example of it. >> So I quit my job and I don't have a backup plan. And you're probably thinking, why the would you do that in this economy? And you're so right for that. I honestly just woke up one day and I realized I don't want to work in an environment like this anymore. It's not good for me. It's not good for my mental health. And I've kind of put up with this for a bit longer than I probably should have. So, I walked out. Pretty proud of myself, actually. >> Okay, so POV quit my job with no backup plan. No backup plan. Let's take a look at some of her videos. 6,000 followers with a link in the description. And you could probably guess what that link goes to when you start seeing these videos. Creator earns commission. Everyone must try this at ColorWow Hair Advanced Repair Mask. It's incredible. Gifted by Mibach Soul, my favorite vitamin C serum with the ads to the company. I love Living Proof Incorporated. So much I could cry. Gifted by Dr. Barbara Serum, my absolute favorite hydraulic acid ever. >> I don't have anything to say other than look how smooth and soft my hair looks. Can we just like take a minute for how smooth and soft my hair looks? I got the ColorWow Dreaming Advanced Repair and Resurfacing Treatment. So, in the end, it does seem like there was a plan. You wanted to turn into another one of the influencers that just sells products to their viewers. Maybe not one of the best backup plans, but a plan nonetheless. And you already know my stance on creators where most of their content just revolves around giving you advertisements all the time. It just drives me nuts. Now, if you do look up this kind of stuff on your own, there's a lot of trends like this with copyrighted music over it. things I regret about leaving my job to become a content creator/online coach. And the whole joke is that they don't say anything that they regret, which again, I guess is trying to be motivational to other people to quit their jobs. However, I thought this one was very funny leaving my job to become a content creator and online coach when this ended up getting 42 likes and two comments. Now, we go over to the page with apparently over 500,000 followers. But if you take a look at most of his videos, they only end up getting a couple thousand views. But then the link in the description goes over to all of the different courses, the UGC script writer, of course, as a podcast. Shop my must-have items. Try my favorite brand of no strips. I mean, he's pulling the Alex Horoszi there. If you were trying to sell yourself as a content creator coach, wouldn't you try to build your own audience and presence in the first place to kind of prove you know what you're doing? because the view and engagement ratio to the half a million followers really just looks like he ended up buying all of those followers to make it look legit and then just became a digital product and course seller like we've seen so often on this channel. And I'll say it again, I know I'm a broken record. I'm not trying to crush your dreams if you do want to be some sort of content creator online, but it is a very finicky line of work. You can make an unbelievable amount of money for a month or a year and out of nowhere, people don't like you or don't want to watch your stuff anymore, and it just tanks. Don't quit your job to pursue social media as a career. Despite having over a million supporters, shout out to my budget baddies, and content creating becoming my biggest income stream over this past year, I still gladly wake up every day, make my breakfast, and head to my 9 toive office job. Mostly because I love having structure and a guaranteed income that I can rely on. It's amazing to get to work for yourself, but it's also amazing knowing you get a paycheck coming in every two weeks that you can rely on. Social media always romanticizes running away from the office life, but I actually encourage people to learn to appreciate it. Especially in this economy and job market, I refuse to walk away from a job, not only that I love, but brings in steady income. Nothing is guaranteed with social media. Apps can go away, algorithms change, virality comes and goes, and all of that can drastically impact your income. I think it's really important to always have a backup plan and not put all of your eggs in one basket. So, I will gladly continue to have my office job while content creating. 100% agree with you on this. Social media is not forever, but it is honestly so easy to get caught up in the crazy numbers, especially when we're talking about the huge influencers, giant YouTubers, Tik Tockers who are legitimately making millions of dollars per month, not even per year. So, even getting a small fraction of that would be a crazy amount of money, but this kind of stuff definitely does not last forever. >> Do not quit your day job to be an influencer just because Brand Flakes made $768,000 last year. I quit my job to be an influencer, and I want to tell you the pros and cons because I have a lot of regrets about doing that. If you don't know what I'm talking about, named Brand Flakes, your rich BFF podcast, and said he made $768,000 as an influencer last year. The internet is going crazy. one, assuming that all influencers make that much, and two, saying they're going to quit their job, be an influencer, this is their sign. Getting scared because people are just taking that podcast clip. Not actually following Brandon's advice or what he's been preaching for so long. He was pursuing content creation while he was in his full-time job. Very smart and strategic about when he quit, that he was in a good financial position, when he was able to pursue this full-time. You could take that exact same advice if you do want to follow some sort of passion, whether it is content creation or maybe starting a business for yourself, a side hustle, anything like that. But there are so many clips online of other people saying to just jump right into it. You'll figure it out eventually. And I feel like that is just really bad advice for the economy that we're in right now. I just don't want to see people end up like this example. credit card debt. I'm single and I don't know what I'm doing with my life. >> This is certainly not where I thought I would be in life. >> The reality of quitting your job with no backup plan. So, I know that I'm going to get comments saying that you quit your job and it was the best decision of your life. And although I'm happy that it worked out for you, there are many examples that I've seen that people's lives have gotten much more difficult, especially at the time of uploading this halfway through 2025. So, that's all I got for you guys today. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. YouTube thinks you'll like this video popping up on screen right now. But hopefully you guys enjoyed this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zac-Rios [203 likes]: Do you know someone who quit their job recently?
  2. @ThePaulobraveheart: Americans continue to experience the bubble.
There's a man robbing the American nation, and Americans are complaining on social media, good solution.
I hope they adapt well to a dictatorship.🇵🇹
  3. @moonymoomoo5570: I will never ever quit my job, I love it. It's getting laid off that's I've been fearing. I've survived multiple waves of layoffs where I work since 2023, but I'm always on edge now.
  4. @mrmiagi6052: One doesn’t regret quitting their job. One regrets not having sustainable income. Which many 9-5s don’t provide anyway
  5. @EDHapps: Especially dont quit if you have children. Please 🙏
  6. @kubuspuchatek19833: Quit your job only if you have another one sealed. It’s simple as this. I did the opposite and stayed unemployed for half a year. One of the worst experiences of my life. It’s the easiest way to get depression.
  7. @malypivo79: Start drinking or just do drugs. Legal drugs. Please.
  8. @dan_the_stan2283: Quitting without another job lined up might be the dumbest thing you can do….besides going to Disney
  9. @wildalbalass4867: Comparison is the thief of joy!
  10. @Mountainwheelz: I got a night job cuz i saw how shitth the economy.is
  11. @meihchang: There is a media character in my country. She quit her office job and announced to her coworkers that she's retiring at 43. She just couldn't physically work; her manager asked her to move to a city 4 hours away where the climate makes her bone hurts. She then documented online things she did after quitting, hiking trips, oversea vacations, etc. Outdoor gear companies noticed her, asked her to promote their products. Organizations and TV talkshows asked her to share her life since she's living the life most of us want but can't. The companies she worked is a financial corp. She bought the company products, like private pension plans when she was younger. Those plans started to pay her at 45, the older she gets, the more plans would join. She deliberately planned it. Her coworkers didn't know and were jealous when found out later. They'd have the same life but didn't do the work when they were younger.
  12. @roseiepeters4221: Haha I told my 16 year old never ever quit until you have a new one. Common sense people.
  13. @frailingham6065: I always took my 9-5 very seriously and fought to keep it. It sucked at times but that's life. I've had a great life because I had a job. Now I am about to retire. Don't listen to the blackpillers. It is BS.
  14. @CluntBaby89: Gen Z over values the f out of themselves and it’s hilarious.

The first generation to lose IQ points, thinks they are all too good for their jobs. Shocker.
  15. @CluntBaby89: Lmao the chic at 1:45
Sounds and looks exactly like a companies absolute worst nightmare. Big glasses, upward inflection in their voice, obviously a “not my president” type. I’m sure her company was absolutely thrilled when she quit
  16. @CrankyBarista: Newsflash: no job is perfect
  17. @Stranger_N_A_Strange_Land: "The benefits of corporate outweigh the negatives."  To most people, that is a good thing.  Unless she misspoke..
  18. @RogueAstro85: I haven't worked a 9-5 since I was in high school 15 years ago working a temp job over the summers. There are plenty of night shift jobs available in restaurants, grocery, hospitality, medicine, security, and warehouse indistries. But most of these people don't want to actually do those jobs because they view them as "lesser jobs" and even if they don't feel that way, working outside the 9-5 is difficult

I thrive mentally and physically working evenings or nights, but it is hard to socialize, date, and do stuff like make doctor's appointments or have repairemen come out.  If you have kids it's nearly impossible unless you and your partner make great money for caregivers or are a super team. It's definitely a "grass is greener" scenario and leaving a steady job to look for a unicorn that isn't 9-5, provides benefits, pays well, and is enjoyable is just plain dumb.
  19. @JawBloss: If you're going to quit without a plan remember this phrase - Do you want fries with that?
  20. @YourMommaGoesToCollege: 16:14  i get so fuckin tired of hearing people say, "whats best for ME" "MY mental health" "SELF LOVE"...
Our society is so fuckin selfish today. Its all about them.

- Why Influencers Are QUITTING & Going Back to 9-5 in 2025...: Kind: captions Language: en I got a 9 to-5 job after I was an influencer full-time if you had to put influencers in a bubble I would put them in a bubble with reality TV stars as an influencer gifts and PR can be reported as compensation by the company to the IRS all right so with how much I talk about influencers on this channel and what they've been up to recently I think it only be fitting to talk about a more recent Trend something that I think will gain more and more popularity over the next coming months or years and that is in influencers actually quitting and going back to normal 9 to5 jobs because the absolute influx of people we saw especially during 2020 when we had so much time on our hands to watch videos Tik toks anything there were more eyeballs on the internet compared to any time before and honestly it was much easier to gain a following in a particular Niche I mean especially the lifestyle sort of influencers but as we're going to see with a few clips and experiences this is not a stable job and with how quick the internet moves your relevancy could disappear like that the staying power is very difficult for any Niche I personally don't expect any of you guys to be watching me when I'm 6065 making YouTube videos still but we could take a look at what some people are saying and it really be your favorite influencers that's getting regular jobs like let's really talk about it they're getting a job because it's temporary like the whole social media influencer thing is really temporary even for people who were really really successful at it like it only lasts it only goes so far it only last for so long if you had to put influencers in a bubble I would put them in a bubble with reality TV stars like they're not celebrities but like they will be do ubering sometime soon and even celebrities sometimes be having regular jobs or having businesses and stuff because that stuff is not temporary what is I mean that stuff is temporary what is that braid doing though by all jokes aside I see a lot of people on social media talking about that they have a regular job and I really don't blame them because you don't really know how long that your your light is going to shine on the internet like you genuinely don't know that's why you should take advantage of the opportunity but make sure you're acting normal at home now I think this is very important to take into account especially with the younger generation gone are the days now apparently that anybody wants to be an astronaut when you ask like you know a kid what do you want to do when you grow up nobody wants to be an athlete everybody wants to be a streamer or an influencer or a YouTuber some sort of content creator online so we're going to get even more of an influx of influencers on all platforms and even with more people going on the internet every single day there's going to be an offshoot there's only a certain amount of time and a certain amount of eyeballs each person's going to get some people are still going to be very successful and have the staying power but it's honestly becoming increasingly more rare So for many there's going to be a point where this isn't really sustainable anymore and there's no real Choice other than getting a normal job we could check out an influencer's experience I got a 9 to-5 job after after I was an influencer full-time a little backstory it was 2020 I was doing full-time influencing and I was mainly on YouTube as my platform I was making lifestyle content but I didn't have enough going on in my life to keep making content I felt very stale I felt like I had nothing that I was like working towards my validation came in the form of if I was getting views and likes and if people liked me enough and that that is not healthy I really hated the fact that I had to rely on algorithms for My Success instead of just being able to rely on myself that was like weird I just genuinely felt like I didn't have enough stuff to even talk about or stuff to do cuz I just didn't know like what was I even doing I don't know okay so I've been on YouTube since 2010 making all different kinds of videos and have had virtually no success I mean I guess I had a little bit during Co I used to play fortnite like all the rest of the gamers nothing that would possibly be considered a full-time job until right now and what I've seen as certain niches are just much more difficult to stay relevant the gaming niche in general is pretty hard especially if you play Minecraft like kids games those kids that will watch you and you know you've probably seen Minecraft youtubers with millions of views they're huge channels but those kids grow up so you need to be constantly trying to get new viewers new and younger viewers because every couple of years there's going to maybe a batch of your subs that just stop watching another huge one that is of course very popular in all of social media because it kind of seems like anybody could really start doing it is the lifestyle influencers I don't think I really have to explain what they do we've talked about it on this channel but somebody makes some sort of video that blows up and starts to gain a following and then they kind of try to monetize their entire life in the form of Tik Tok videos Instagram photos YouTube videos and you do have to live that almost reality TV lifestyle where every single day that you make a vlog or a post you're doing something insane and it's just not sustainable because people aren't really like that so I thought it'd be interesting to go through a couple of her pages right now right off the bat we're going to be going over some numbers I'm not trying to say anything bad it's just the sustainability and how much money she could possibly make to maybe be able to do this full-time and clearly she wasn't able to but hopefully if you are thinking about this you can look at some of the numbers and see what you kind of have to do to maybe actually try to pull this off so right here right off the batch she's got about 880,000 followers on her Tik Tok but they only end up pulling in a couple thousand views so Tik Tok is a whole another Beast compared to YouTube videos if you get a million views per YouTube video you are doing crazy good and I'm not saying you get no money on Tik Tok but you get way less so 80,000 followers isn't really too great especially with the ratio to views but she said she was primarily a YouTuber so we go over to her page 200,000 followers about 300 videos and she doesn't really post anymore but even before it she was really only getting maybe around 10,000 views I saw somewhat of a recent video that got more that hit around 65,000 views and I think funny enough it was talking about Botox like a video that I just made on my main Channel talking about many influencers and the beauty standards and how pricey all of these Botox and veneers all the makeup plastic surgery whatever so I thought it was kind of funny that one of the videos that actually did do well was an influencer talking about how much she would Bend but we can look at some of the numbers on social blade for her YouTube channels now of course it's going to be super low cuz she doesn't post anymore so it doesn't really matter that she's like losing followers now or subscribers and only getting around 27,000 views but I thought the total video views was actually pretty good 94 million views so initially I thought that was a positive even though you could see over the past couple years even all the way back to 2022 was slowly going down even her Peak didn't even hit a half a million views which in an entire month that's probably not the best I don't really think you'd be able to live off of that kind of money however when you go to her most viewed videos these are very very old she's had this channel for a long time 16 years ago and she was getting a majority of her really heavy views Millions off of lyric videos from Selena Gomez Miranda cosgro Miley Cyrus songs on top of not being able to sustain that life style and keep the followers engaged on trying to live your best life or at least show it to the camera getting all of these these views a long time ago and potential Subs even though it is just song videos does end up hurting you with the algorithm in the long run because say if they are actually sub for these lyric videos and out of nowhere you do like a vlog or get ready with me or you know going somewhere in New York City something like that right all the people who initially subbed a long time ago weren't subscribed to watch those videos so they're not going to click the analytics are going to get worse the click-through rate the watch time the views are going to be bad and it's going to be harder for the algorithm to push your videos even farther out to people who don't watch your content normally so my personal advice if you want to start making videos that's in a different Niche I'd probably start a different Channel you probably have a better chance of being successful compared to having something a long time ago with old videos that got a lot of views and a lot of attention that don't connect with your current content that's just my advice right now we could go back to a couple more clips from other influencers this one's a big one very quick I want to be an influencer I want to get PR I want to get free stuff no you do not this is a199 that I got in the mail yesterday you know what this says $63,000 spoiler I did not make $63,000 from this collaboration as an influencer gifs and PR can be reported as compensation by the company to the IRS I believe a lot of the influencers that just absolutely blew up from Instagram or Tik Tok overnight making the dance videos and then out of nowhere getting all of these contracts PR sponsored posts getting paid by YouTube or Tik Tok and never really had any business knowledge could actually fall into this because it's not like working a normal 9 to5 you get your check every week or every couple weeks from the company and they already take out the taxes you could see it on your pay Stu but it is taken out and given to the IRS without you having to do anything and that is not the case when you technically work for yourself and you're some sort of content creator so probably seems obvious to many but if you didn't really know that and let's say you made a Easy Clean number like $100,000 you go out and you spend that $100 ,000 on the lifestyle cuz now you're making six figures and you're doing really well but you didn't pay any taxes on that 100 Grand and you're probably going to have to end up paying the IRS around $25,000 it is a little bit different depending on what state you're in so the federal and state tax will be a little off but around that so if you didn't really know any better and you just kept living that lifestyle you might be $225,000 in the whole with the highs and lows of social media you could end up falling out of relevance and also unfortunately being in at the same time for those of you who don't know for a little while I was actually doing content creation fulltime I did not have a typical job I actually quit was making enough money that it was like I don't need this part-time job like at all like I was doing way better on social media than I was like working 3 days out of the week like even even with a master's degree but something that was lurking over my head constantly was if Tik Tok fails like first of all you could be logged out at any point I know somebody that had over a million followers and her account was deleted like that so I'm thinking to myself this is so unstable and I am somebody who likes stability like I can't not have a plan I I don't roll like that when I'm 45 or 65 or 75 what the hell am I going to doing like let's just say Tik Tok does work out I get like a cute little million which is not little but you know what I'm saying I get like a million followers I'm doing well I got a nice cute little apartment in Manhattan and then in 3 years down the line when I lose relevance like some of our favorite YouTubers have where is the money coming from I think the same way that she does which doesn't make sense at all because I've actually been I guess technically working for myself for around 5 years now so stable income for me is kind of out the window cuz I have to take accountability for everything but I guess that's why I feel like I'm so risked adverse now because I know that any of the money that I make could change drastically very quickly so I save as much as humanly possible but another little tidbit at the end which I thought was funny because she was another lifestyle influencer was that eventual lifestyle creep to keep up with the Joneses like everybody on Tik Tok so safe she hit it and got a million followers she thought immediately she would need need some sort of nice apartment in Manhattan which would be thousands of dollars a month and I mean like 5,000 not like 2,000 so even with all the videos that you see certain content creators making tons of money they could just as easily blow it and if they're not careful or the algorithm doesn't like them or Tik Tok doesn't like them and they get banned for no reason all of their income would evaporate in a second so there is an argument to be made for some of these influencers just to go back to steady 9 to5 work I wouldn't doubt we'd see that more and more over the next coming months and years because as I said in the beginning of the video there are only so many eyeballs and not everybody could be a YouTuber who's been around for the past 10 15 years if you're lucky you'd be around for a few years I would consider myself lucky if I would still be making these videos past like 30 and I'm 27 I'd still feel like I'd actually make YouTube videos until I die just because I enjoy it but like the relevancy is what I'm trying to say but some influencers and future social media people just don't realize how quickly all of this could disappear so let me know what you guys think in the comments down below that's all I got for you guys today YouTube thinks you like this video popping up on screen right now but hopefully you guys enjoyed this video if you did please leave a like and I'll talk to you guys later

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZacV2 [19 likes]: GEN ALPHA Horror Stories are Making Teachers QUIT...
https://youtu.be/4XzYOKd97bY
  2. @Leon-ws9wh [2 likes]: You know what's also very popular? Making videos reacting to other people's videos without creating any genuine product of your own, weird, right?
  3. @emmy2831 [1 likes]: My 4-year old wants to "count the money like momma" when she grows up! I keep her away from social media and influencers.
  4. @wintercrush554 [1 likes]: There is no job that I respect less than influencer.
  5. @cornspliff [1 likes]: Influencers aren't getting paid for their bullshit anymore, just like zac showing up on youtube
  6. @darkLORDofpain [1 likes]: Gen z is mostly, not all of em, are brain dead morons. They are gonna be so poor and depressed lol
  7. @EdwardTheGrate: Who doesn't love a good "rags-to-riches-to-rags" story, I'll get my popcorn...
  8. @back2the80s: Oh poor influencer  you can’t make thousands per month on low effort videos without paying taxes and eat lobster on camera
  9. @miasubia64: 3:25 This girl is so relatable to me!! As a YouTuber for 10 years since 2016 it doesn't last forever!! ❤❤😔😔
  10. @DION.VICTORY: Why do they put make up on while talking to the camera?? She is not attractive at all, wow.
  11. @UMnumzanaX: Did she fart?   3:40
  12. @live-like5golden4573: It's called giving up
  13. @TVeganBabe: None of this comes with insurance or disability benefits.😢
  14. @SeattlePioneer: I HOPE that waving a popsicle at the audience is not going to be a new fashion....
  15. @NeratJack: I’m an influencer on TikTok and instagram and I try to make my content realistic but it seems like unrealistic is now the realistic
  16. @Me97202: Having worked in media for 40+ years, having to constantly create good content is very hard work.
  17. @Me97202: I’ve never once watched an influencer video.  I guess I’m weird.
  18. @KUHelsley: Not to mention that the companies that pay these influencers for advertising and easily replace them with AI-generated influencers now.
  19. @Thunderpaws111: I think influencers burn out. Finding relevant content and the pressure to perform must be overwhelming.
  20. @TitaniteScale: How does someone say “it was 2020 and I was doing full-time influencing” with a straight face? Like that’s an actual job.

- Is Social Media Making You Depressed?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Imagine waking up each morning checking your phone and feeling a wave of sadness wash over you. This happens more than you might think. There is a dark side to social media when it comes to our mental health, and that's what I'm talking about today. I'm Doctor Tracey Marks, a psychiatrist, and I make mental health education videos. Social media has become an important part of our daily lives, but some research studies have linked it to depression and worsening mental health. Despite these findings, there are some beneficial aspects to it, and I'll cover the positive aspects. First one is getting psychoeducation from health experts. Platforms like Instagram, YouTube and Twitter have become channels for mental health professionals like me to share valuable information through posts, videos and live sessions. These experts provide tips, coping strategies and resources, helping followers manage their mental health more effectively. Another benefit is Destigmatizing mental health. People are afraid of things they don't understand. Fear gives rise to destructive attitudes like prejudice, hostility and discrimination. But knowledge brings understanding and change. Also by creating a space where people can openly discuss their struggles. Social media has helped reduce the shame and isolation that often accompany mental health issues, and it normalizes seeking help and support instead of villainize it. Another benefit is feeling less alone. Social media allows you to connect with others who share similar experiences, helping you feel less alone. Reading stories and posts from others dealing with similar issues can provide comfort and validation and a sense of solidarity. And then there's motivation and inspiration. Social media can also motivate and inspire people to live healthier lives. By following fitness influencers, health experts, or wellness bloggers, we can access helpful tips and inspiration to lead a healthier lifestyle and then seeing others progress and success stories can be motivating for those trying to make positive changes in their own lives. Those are some of the upsides. Here are the downsides. Research has shown a link between social media use and depression. Why would this be? Here are five factors. One is constant engagement and addictive behavior. Social media platforms are designed to help keep us engaged. Their algorithms send more of what we like so that we'll stay on the platform and consume more. Watching and checking your feed can become a compulsion, and you can become dependent on the likes and comments or notifications. Two is comparison and envy. Social media often showcases the highlights of people's lives, their vacations, achievements, and perfect moments. And these carefully curated snapshots can make it seem like everyone else is living their best life. And it's easy to fall into the comparison trap. Feeling envious and inadequate. We start to wonder why our lives don't seem to measure up or aren't like their lives. Even though we know deep down that everyone's life is full of ups and downs. The constant comparison can lead to dissatisfaction, low self-worth, and ultimately, feelings of depression. There's cyber bullying and harassment. Unlike traditional bullying, cyber bullying can happen around the clock, and the anonymity of the internet allows people to say things that they would never say face to face. Victims of cyberbullying may experience increased feelings of depression, anxiety and even suicidal thoughts, and the persistent nature of online harassment makes it hard to escape these negative interactions. The fear of missing out, called FOMO, is another psychological effect of social media that can contribute to depression. When we see our friends or acquaintances posting about events, trips, or social gatherings that we're not a part of, it can make you feel excluded and lonely. So then you spend even more time on social media hoping to stay connected. But often it just leads to increased feelings of isolation and depression. And lastly, there's sleep disruption. Excessive social media use, especially before bedtime, can interfere with our sleep patterns. The blue light emitted by screens can mess with our natural sleep wake cycle, making it harder to fall asleep and stay asleep. Poor sleep is closely linked to depression by either triggering it or worsening it. So what can we do to mitigate these negative effects of social media on our mental health? Here are some practical tips. Limit your time on social media. No surprise, but here's how you can do it. Consider creating designated times during the day to check your accounts, and then turn off notifications during the hours that you want to focus on other activities. You want to create boundaries for yourself to regain control over your time and reduce the mental clutter of all the notifications. Next, you want to engage with positive communities. Unfollow or mute accounts that make you feel inadequate or anxious. Instead, follow accounts that inspire you, uplift you, and make you feel good about yourself. Then, instead of passively scrolling, try to engage in meaningful interactions. Comment, share, and connect with people in a way that fosters genuine connections. Building a supportive online community can enrich your social media experience and provide a sense of belonging. You also want to plan regular digital detoxes, where you disconnect from devices and immerse yourself in offline activities that bring you joy and relaxation, such as reading a book or spending time in nature or practicing a hobby. Whether it's for a day, a weekend, or a week, taking a break is a great mental reset. If you find that social media is significantly impacting your mental health, consider seeking help from a mental health professional. Therapy can provide you with the tools and strategies to manage your social media use and its effect on your wellbeing. If you use social media in moderation and prioritize your mental health, you can enjoy the benefits of staying connected while also taking care of your wellbeing. If you found this video helpful, share it with someone that you think could use it. For more on feeling isolated and lonely, take a look at this video. Thanks for watching today. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sutter635-jk4td [4 likes]: Yes social media is completely toxic. You need to take a break from it including here YouTube
  2. @andriyelectron153 [1 likes]: As a person with autism and ADHD, I used to have a very happy and fulfilling life until something specific started bothering in my mind which made me use social media more frequently. It significantly deteriorated my mental health and my thoughts. That's why I decided to quit doom scrolling platforms such as Instagram, Facebook or TikTok. I am still dealing with the negative thoughts that I got from social media use, but at least I'm not feeding my mind with negativity anymore. So, if you feel like social media is controlling you, please limit or fully quit social media.
  3. @mr.godzilla8331 [1 likes]: Every time i install instagram because i met a girl and i want to keep in touch with her, i instantly get adicted to it and my life gets miserable until i delete again. When i live without using instagram, my life is really good. I learned that i only have to use to talk to the girls im dating until i get their phones and delete and only install it once a day.
  4. @suz459 [1 likes]: "Dependent on likes"... yep, fell into that trap.
  5. @vonkunstler884 [1 likes]: I’ve noticed almost every video that is fed to me by the YouTube and Instagram algorithms are negative and divisive. It’s almost impossible to find a positive video that makes me feel good
  6. @YourRandomYouTubeCommenter [1 likes]: My mom started to notice this too but ever notice that theres political accounts that like to push old and bad news in order to get engagement? Ive seen an account that posted about the guy that passed away cause he couldn't afford insulin and it was from like 2017. Doesn't help that platfirms like Facebook,  Instagram, and Threads have algorithms designed to make people addicted and fall victim doom scrolling. 

Honestly social media is just nothing but, negativity and rage bait at this point and im tired.
  7. @doofchikadoofchicawaawaa6029: A lot of people are saying SM is a major cause of divorce because of the comparisons with the highlight reel. Her loyal hard-working husband doesn't measure up to the fantasy so she loses respect for him
  8. @Fmkannada-f8i: Bigginer youTubers dipression 😢
  9. @brisbanetrainsandtransport: YouTube is really the only good social media app these days and I use it for my train videos all the others are full of negative news and the horrible comments people write on Facebook are just so negative. I only use Facebook for messenger and that's it. It's just gotten worse and being someone with anxiety autism and depression isn't good so I definitely limit the usage and stay off them.
  10. @DanaiHamit: I'm so glad I ultimately left Instagram...
  11. @alibekovmaa: I thought that everyone is living the best rich life but after i understood that is many people living the average normal life and i was happy to hear that I'm not alone I'm thought i was poor and bad man. Thank you to everyone
  12. @Twokidswithadream: Sometimes, I kinda feel people try to like fit in with social media. I know this sounds weird but hear me out.


             Mostly people’s lives are filled with stereotypes, and while we are scrolling, we see multiple YouTubers posting like edits for example. When people watch a lot of edits featuring fighting they become aggressive and think they are the center of the world. Lately I’ve been seeing this with my friends, a whole lot of social media stereotypes. Also when you see depressive content when online, it sometimes can make you feel fake depressed which can eventually lead to real depression after time,which I’ve seen in little kids mostly. 

             I call this the social media effect.  It’s basically social media slowly shaping your life, it’s kinda sad.

Sorry for my grammar.
  13. @MrBroken030: Sören Kierkegaard said "Comparing is the end of happiness and the beginning of discontent" <------------------ When are people going to listen?
Roosevelt said ""Comparison is the thief of joy"" <------------ When are people going to listen?
Mark Twain said ""Comparison is the death of joy,"" <-------------When are people going to listen?
  14. @creative_spirit-03: Social just post happiness of other as if they have perfect lives.
  15. @will_dikfit2975: I quit Facebook 6-7yrs ago and not looking back, feel much better and laughing at all pissed off addicted people on it😅
  16. @JessicaWhite-o7k: I deleted mine
  17. @Gregimus: Taking a permanent break!
  18. @JessicaWhite-o8d: People's want to blame Facebook tiktok and Instagram Twitter it's them that downloading it the problem is them
  19. @jamienava6750: I've noticed my dad is more moody and negative since getting hooked on Tik Tok.
  20. @PatrickFDolan: With YouTube I can choose to learn and be uplifted. With Facebook it is an automated barrage of negativity, AI, lies, political rant, violence and photoshopped images designed to enrage people. Again, the moment I click on it the barrage of images and auto play shorts begin even when you disable auto play they start playing again automatically within a few days. It's a very bad platform not to mention dishonest.

- • Why Is YouTube So Negative  • Moving My Weight Loss Journey To Its Own Channel • Creator Struggles: Kind: captions Language: en So, that's it. This is the end. I ain't doing this no more. After this, if you want to see me complete my weight loss journey, you need to subscribe to um where it says I think walk and talk tech or something down there. Maybe you're struggling through something yourself. You you know, or dealing with addiction or loss or any of the things that I talked about yesterday, check out this video right here. Then and you want to be a part of that journey, I want to walk with you. You know, I want to help you. I need the help from you. I think we can do it together. Yesterday I shared a pretty good story about my life. And a lot of you a lot of people liked it. Um Some people didn't. Some people hit the dislike button. So, I you know, I tried to figure out what it is I wanted to talk about today. I don't even know. You know, it's probably not going to be as interesting as that. But um I'm I'm kind of interested in like why people do that. Like why they hit the dislike button. On and on anything. Honestly, like why would you do that? What does it do? Do you know what it does? I don't think think people understand what it does. Cuz I've asked people in person. Like I'm going to There's somebody in my life. I'm not going to say who who said they were doing that. And I was like, "What do you What do you think it does?" And they thought it hurt the creator. And I'm like, "It It doesn't though." What it does is it signifies to YouTube that you are interacting It's almost It might as well be the the like button. Honestly, because it It just signifies that you want to engage with that content. Um Now, if you don't want to, you can always hit hide user hide a channel from you or whatever it I can't remember the exact wording it is, but it tells you to hide the channel. But when you put when you put on there, you know, you hit a dislike button, you're just saying that makes you mad, which YouTube don't care about making you mad. They just care about you watching. So, I I've always just always wondered like why do people do that? I I guess the like I said that they just they think that it hurts. I can't figure out why anyone would do it for that story, too, especially of all things. Um they probably didn't listen to all of it, I'm guessing. So, I watched it back and was like, "Damn, that's pretty pretty rough story, man. I didn't realize how rough my life was until I listened to that." No, I'm kidding. I I I know I lived it. I know how how rough it was, but I just couldn't imagine hearing any of that stuff from anybody else and hitting hitting dislike. Uh I imagine some people did it because they just don't like me or because maybe this is not what they signed up for, which that part I probably could get. That's not what they signed up for if they're if they're subscribed to me, but I think a better thing to do would probably just be unsubscribe. Which um you know, I I encourage you to. Honestly, if you don't like my content, unsubscribe. It doesn't help me or you for you to stay subscribed. I'm I'm very young into YouTube, man. I'm still finding out what I'm what I'm going to be, what I'm going to do. Man, that that ND filter is really dark. Oh, I know what I was going to say. Yesterday I was watching and and I noticed that sometimes it got washed out. So, I don't know. I don't like it, you know. It's a lot different recording outside than from recording in a studio. When I'm in a studio, I I use like um you know, preset lights in a studio camera and all that stuff, but here, you know, I'm not having control of the lights. Like right here, it looks fine. So, we'll we'll just leave it alone. But uh I procrastinated again today about walking and I don't know I don't know why. Some of it though is is just actually having to record, like trying to figure out what I'm going to talk about. Because You know, I I didn't think of that when I came up with this idea that I was going to have to come up with topics every every day to talk about. Or do I? Or can I just shoot the with people? You know, I think people kind of want to know what they're going to watch till they get to know you. But I don't know. I don't know. I don't know and most of the people that tell you don't know. So, we'll go a different way today. I don't know why there's so much I do know why I guess. I mean, there's so much negativity on YouTube. Don't you think? Like it seems like it almost is asking for negativity. I know it does for me as a creator. It asks for me all the time to do click-baity things to engage in uh you know, making the kind of content that that people say they don't like but they really do like. Cuz I have also noticed that people tend you know, they they say things like they'll say, "Why don't you just make uh good content. I don't like all this drama and stuff like that." But then when you do, they they don't watch it. And that that's just I've heard a lot of people say that, a lot of creators say that. You know, if I don't make a thumbnail that doesn't doesn't spark interest whether it's positive or negative or you know, somebody you know, doesn't make you upset or if it doesn't make you feel some kind of way, you know, you're not going to click it cuz there's just so much so much other stuff. Plus, you don't know me. You know, I think we're getting to a in a state where like for YouTubers, man you've got your your guys that have been doing it a while and you know who they are and you kind of just stick with them. And I'm the same way. Dude, when I see a new video from somebody new, which I see a lot of. YouTube's really has been pushing those. The problem is the quality isn't there, you know? It's like as soon as I see one and it'll say like 077 views or something and it barely has a thumbnail or if it does it's not real clear on what it what it is that they're talking about and stuff. I'm not here to click that. You know, cuz that's that's time on my computer, you know? I only got so much time to watch videos. I think that the same exact way I think is the way that you guys think. So, I don't have time to invest in something I don't want to see. I want to see the people that I already invest in. So, but when I do find somebody new I like them. I enjoy it. I'm new on YouTube. I'm not sure what you know, I'm I'm calling myself new. I've been doing this almost 3 years now. I'm still trying to figure out how to navigate this stuff. I could make, you know, a I could make a 300,000 view video or I could make a one view video, it seems like. And I hardly ever know which one is going to happen. I hate that, too. Consistency is a big thing. Consistency doesn't always mean frequency, either. I do think though that YouTube is pushing for creators to be more frequent. To uh post you know, like every other day, which is an insane workflow, man. It's insane. Just just as much as I post is a lot. Just these these little videos right here are so much more than just, you know, the 30 minutes. They shouldn't be, but they are. Which is another barrier that it makes for for newer guys, you know, to have to deal with. So, I'm really impressed by people who are able to put out content every day, every other day, like that. And it's And it's pretty decent content, too. I don't I don't honestly don't know how they do it. I think some of them, you know, I I'm not going to I'm not even going to going to try to front, man. I think some of them people are lying. I think they got teams and they're not telling people. Um I definitely think that. There's a dog. What's up, dog? You know, watch out. Is the dog following [music] me? He was trying to get me. Everybody wants to see people who are predictable when they post. You know, when are we going to see something else from this guy? If we do like him, when are we going to see something else from him? And when we do see something else from him, is it going to be the same? Enough different where it's new, but enough the same where, you know, it feels like it's in the same vein. That's where I struggle is that, you know, cuz I want to And saying, you know, too much. I noticed that yesterday I was watching my view back. I was like, dude, you say you know way too much. >> [panting] >> When I do uh like reviews like MacBook review or a whatever I I've done. Uh I guess I've done a couple MacBook reviews. So, let's just say MacBook review. I um I script it first and then, you know, I I either memorize the script or I read off a teleprompter. So, I don't say, you know, you know, or any of those uh or uh or things like that. It make the video better, sure. I just I don't man. I don't have anything to talk about today. I guess I don't have anything that's pressing on my mind. I I'm lying. You know, what what's pressing on my mind the most is my channel. And I hate I don't want to get on here and start talking about my channel because you know, I see the comments that other YouTubers get. Oh, quit whining. How hard is it to do this? It's actually pretty damn hard. But, you know, when you get the rewards, then it's great. You know, when I do have a video hit, you know, I get paid a good amount of money for not doing much you know, I don't say not doing much cuz if you if if you even it out between all the videos that don't hit, then it's a lot it's you know, it's probably not even minimum wage, but and if you just look at it like, okay, for this video it may it's taken me two or three days to make it or whatever. And um you know, I got paid a thousand dollars for it or whatever. Plus, you know, sponsorship for another thousand or product or something that cost a thousand. Then you can say, well, you know, I made a lot of money. But, the thing is you don't know if anybody's going to see it or not. Most uh most people don't don't get any views on their videos. I'm lucky. You know, lately it's not been so great. I'm struggling with that, man, cuz I'm a bad as I wish I wasn't, I'm a huge control freak and every time something doesn't work the way that I want it to, I think I can fix it. So, I go and I change something or I go around with stuff. And I probably make it worse. And of course, you know, YouTube doesn't tell you, you know, it's not like, oh, don't do that, you know, or just stick on the same subject for a while cuz it doesn't know. You know, audiences change. Something that worked yesterday may not work tomorrow. And in that aspect, man, you know, I got great respect for people like um Linus and MKBHD and a lot of the guys that I always talk about because they're the guys I always watch, you know, because I'm always trying to figure out the code for YouTube and they seem like they know it. Even though I think I've come to a conclusion that some people though once they get to a certain level it's they're kind of on autopilot. You know, I definitely think that they can make worse or better videos, but I just think that you know, when you go to buy a new computer and you want to see a review and you see that one of those guys has one well, I mean you're going to click on that one before you click on mine. Just because you you know what he's about, you know, you know that he's uh already had you know he's Yeah. Stop saying you know. That he's already had experience doing that. He's he's the reviewer. So I think that once you get so so far with this, you know, you get so many subscribers that you kind of are guaranteed to get so many views. Every time that I think that All right, you got to you know, you did a video, you got this many views, your next video got this many views, you're on a roll. Uh you can kind of branch out a little bit, maybe do something a little different. No. No, doesn't doesn't work. What point do you you keep going? I mean, you keep going, you stop, what do you do? I see you know, if you go to like Reddit or any place where like Facebook groups where YouTube creators are there's tons of them there, man, that don't get any views. They don't they'd be happy to get 500. You know, I'm complaining that one of my videos got 500. There's a ton of people that would be happy to get 500 views. Like they literally get under 100 for stuff. Of course, they you know, if you watch their content it's the that bar is pretty low there, you know, it's like the what we're making and the what I'm making and what they're making aren't the same thing. It's it's pretty bad, but nevertheless, you know, there is worse worse place to be. Then there's also the algorithm, which I really think the algorithm promotes a lot of spicy content, which is why a lot of creators are struggling with For top-tier guys, they just have to get the product first. Let's see if I can hold this camera better than I have been. A lot of the top-tier guys just they all they have to do is just have the first review or have a review within a certain time period. For people like me, it's never going to happen cuz the company's never going to give it to me in time. You know, even if I buy it, which, you know, how do I buy a $4,000 MacBook for a review that it would have to go insane, double, triple viral to ever make that money back or even close to it. That's why you see guys doing videos on the same uh item, you know, 100 different times from 100 different ways. I think maybe I should do that. Sometimes I just think I should do that. I should just say, "All right, you know a lot about Apple stuff. Not everybody loves it, but you know a lot about it. Maybe you should just talk about Apple computers." As far as content goes, versus Windows versus Apple stuff, Apple stuff does way better. cuz it triggers the Windows guys. And it uh you know, the Apple fanboys like it. Apple fanboys love to be told that Apple's great. And Windows guys love to tell Apple fanboys that they're stupid. So, it wins on all sides. I've thought about that. But I also know I'd get bored. And I also know I don't I don't really glaze Apple like that. Like you know, I like their stuff and everything. I know a lot about it, but do I really want to be the male version of iJustine? Which I like Justine, she's she's great. you know, I actually have respect for her because she's like, "Yep, I'm an Apple lady. I talk about Apple, that's what I do." I just don't know if that's what I want to do. So, see something in my eye. what I was going to say is YouTube really is kind of not leaving a big door open for want-to-be tech reviewers and creators. It's like, if you can't do positive reviews or honest reviews, well, then you you know, what the algorithm seems to pick up on is negative stuff. Either saying MKBHD was wrong about this or this is why the Note 10 sucks or, you know, whatever it is trending and you have a hot take on it, the algorithm loves that. It literally will suggest stuff like that to me cuz they have this this section when you're um have your own channel. If you don't, you know, if you do, then you know what I'm talking about. That's uh called like uh inspiration or whatever and they kind of give you like storyboard or AI thumbnail ideas. Sorry, I don't know what's going on here. It's like some cars just like slowing down beside me or something. I think them one people were don't realize they they may know it. They may be somebody that knows them, but they I don't think they know that they have that car behind them. At least that's what I think. Or maybe they do. Cuz they would probably just go around them, but they stopped right beside me. I was like, "What the hell are you doing?" Who knows around here? Nah, they got they got to know them, man. They would go around them. Maybe we'll see some crazy Memphis stuff happen. I hope not. The algorithm the YouTube algorithm is really pushing people to do that stuff. Not only is it suggesting it in like the inspiration section, you can tell by the numbers it does. I mean, you know, there's some things like you can do like I did a review of some speakers on my channel. Put it right there, so you can go watch it if you want if you're watching this. There's nothing trending about speakers, man. Nothing in the world. Nobody is thinking about that unless they're going to buy speakers, and that's why I did it though. Cuz I'm like, all right, well, at least when people go to buy speakers, they'll hopefully see my video long term. But I think YouTube's really kind of pulling away from that. Used to Um what do they call it? Evergreen content was a big thing on YouTube, but now they're If you don't make content like you know, all the time, they'll demonetize your channel. So, you can't just make a video that is evergreen and get paid from it. You got to keep making new content. They don't want somebody to make a bunch of good videos and then retire. So, if you were like retire from YouTube and never make any more videos, you wouldn't get paid for your old work. Is Does that seem right? I mean, >> [snorts] >> there's no other place where that would happen where you make creative work. Like if you made a movie, you know, if you made a movie or produced a movie or whatever, you you'd always get paid for it. It'd always be yours. But YouTube will demonetize your channel. Does that mean that they stop running ads? No. They still run ads, and they still get paid, they just don't pay you anymore. They pretty much just say it's ours. So, that tells me right there that they're not really wanting evergreen content. They're really just wanting you to keep making content. I've also noticed over the 3 years of mine if I'm not currently making content, and I mean currently like that week, then my old videos don't see any views. Videos that were wildly popular don't see any views, and I I don't believe that. You know, that's that's 100% YouTube. So, that tells me that they're probably not promoting uh evergreen content or long content, you know, stuff that doesn't isn't viral right away. Cuz not everything's viral. Not everything that I want to talk about is going to be something that's you know, a million people are going to want to see. And since I'm not a a creator that, you has a huge base of people that want to watch me, I just don't think that it's going to get a lot of It's just not going to get a lot of play. Doesn't get it at the front end. They pretty much cut it off from getting it on the back end. So, it just dies. If you go look at that speaker review I did, it's a good review. And I'm not saying that cuz I made it. It's a good review. You know, I I got a pretty good scope on when I make stuff that's good and when it's not. Sometimes I make stuff just for me. You know, I don't expect anybody to watch it. Sometimes I make stuff that I absolutely intend for people to watch. You can kind of tell cuz you can see the level of production I'll put into it. Like this, I don't care who watches this. This is more therapeutic for me and for anybody else who may be struggling, trying to lose weight, struggling with drugs, who's a dad, you know, who just needs to have some camaraderie, some fellowship, some brothership. Like, that's what I want this to be. Where, you know, I can talk about things that are going on with me. You guys can leave comments about what's going on with you. Um if you have channels, we can collaborate on on stuff or talk about it together. Yeah, I don't care, but I don't care if anybody watches it or not. Because it's more for me, but the Jeff Tech channel, that's more, you know, that's that's a channel that I want to do well. I want people to watch it and for it to get views and stuff. And I have a pretty good idea when I do content that is um likely to get views and I have pretty good idea of when I make stuff that doesn't. Oh, man. I wish it all would. I wish that or I wish that more so that you two would just be like, "This is what you need to do." Cuz it gets frustrating, man. It gets really frustrating. Like I said, I'm not I got a bad case of ADD, too. I'm not I got through three or four times of of of videos not doing well, man. I'm ready do something else. Pull my hair out or something. I've got to learn some discipline, too. Like this, like procrastinating over this. I don't need to be doing that. I should be getting up in the morning, going to doing this walk, going in studio, recording my videos, and getting on with my stuff, but instead, you know, I sit around watching YouTube videos all day. Not doing research, not writing anything, putting off my walk until it's at night and here I am. Then I got to, you know, if I want to get anything done, I got to be up all night, which is crazy. Well, that's it. It's uh been 25 minutes. this wasn't a good episode. I really wasn't prepared. I didn't have a lot to talk about, but it's the last one you're going to see on the Jeff Tech channel. So, if you are curious, if you want to see if I lose the weight, if I keep up with this, or you're it's just struggling with something and you need, you know, somebody to talk to, somebody that's been through it, watch this video right here from yesterday, where I explained all the stuff that I've been through, the drugs, the jail, the the trauma, losing my daughter. I ain't no stranger to to pain, man. And if if you're struggling with something, you know, I'd like to help you. I'd like to walk with you through that. The new channel is down there. It says uh Jeff Tech and I think it says walk and talk tech or something like that, but that's not going to be the name of it. I had to put something there. It's probably more like, you know, personal growth or something like that from a guy's perspective, but click that, get subscribed. Y'all [snorts] be good. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BulletCatchFilms [6 likes]: A weight loss journey is never about weight loss, its about transformation, change, growth and becoming and mastering the best version of yourself. If anyone doesnt like it...Fuck em.. Get it bro, the more it hurts the more it works!
  2. @Jeff_Tek [6 likes]: I think i finally got the color on point this time lol.
  3. @schrebra [5 likes]: Buy the macbook for 3k then return it.
  4. @coswalks [4 likes]: Your channel popped up in my recommended. I'm walking with you, brother.
  5. @SegaCDUniverse [4 likes]: Sadly it's not just YouTube, seems everyone is just negative in general
  6. @schrebra [4 likes]: I've watched all three every day. Keep up the good work. I started walking 2.5 miles a day 5 days a week about 3 weeks ago. I've lost some weight. It's hard but talking to a camera probably makes it go fast.
  7. @tuantranfitnesscoach [3 likes]: hey jeff😊I admire your dedication to losing weight! Keep working hard! I lost 60 lbs/30 kg in only 8 months and maintain it 13 years. I think you will find my videos helpful.
  8. @juststeve5542 [3 likes]: Nobody should be attacked or shamed for wanting to improve their health.
Good on you for making positive steps. Best of luck to you.
It might not be the content I signed up for (tech things), but you seem like a nice chap.
  9. @arrugadas [3 likes]: I've skipped over a few of your past videos b/c of the titles lacking "perfect thumbs". That was wrong and my subconscious bit me due to the dumbing-down of everyone. I agree the YT algo has fundamentally changed too in negative way - the thumb/title/short is now the product - and the video content is the promotion.
  10. @khaedun [3 likes]: You know what's great about content like these, we get to make friends with people we would otherwise never knew. When people dislike, that's another form of engagements. It also teaches us to accept that half of the world is not meant for us and the other is. Do not give up man, some of us are terminally online and just hit like or dislike only because
  11. @UnknownUser-uo8sf [3 likes]: Don't over think it. I've hit dislike on videos by mistake and don't notice I did until I see the disliked videos tab
  12. @FawBr [3 likes]: There is a 10% chance that someone wanted to click the like button and clicked dislike and didn't bother or didn't notice so anything above 10% dislikes are real dislikes but yeah those buttons are too close to each other and it will happen
  13. @khaedun [2 likes]: I think that move of calling out Big Tech reviewer might also have played a role. You will be surprised how these guys are connected
  14. @CareyHolzman [1 likes]: The like or dislike works the same on YouTube as it does anywhere else. The like button tells the algorithm to show more similar content, the dislike button tells youtube the viewer does not want to see that content or similar content. It has nothing to do with the creator and YouTube viewers just really have no real understanding of how algorithms work. Welcome to the internet where knowledge about what you type is not required. Many viewers enjoy hate watching and have no impulse control. They make bad choices and blame you for it. Just working as a free babysitter for 0 pay. Welcome to being a content creator in 2026. You're just raising other people's kids for free, because their parents gave up on them. The good news is most YouTube viewers are great, normal people. Try to focus on them instead.

- Effects of Being a Social Media Influencer on Mental Health | Ciandra Birnbaum | TEDxWolverhampton: Kind: captions Language: en I want a show of hands. How many of you have posted something on social media that doesn't reflect your real life? I thought as much because social media is often a lie. Social media and influencer marketing have become the basis of society and popular culture with now over half the population using some form of social network daily. Research shows that those who use social media more have an increased risk of developing mental health issues and ability to make social comparisons, especially in young people. But what about social media influencers? Where do they come into the mix? With more of us having access to smartphones, the ability the the use of social media influencers is going in one direction and that is up. But social media influencers doesn't mean that life is perfect. In fact, that's social media influencers say that their work affects them them negatively, half of them in fact. To give you context, I am an ex-fashion influencer. And if you don't know already, a social media influencer is an individual who gains much of their influence from social media. They often have large audiences and promote services and products via Instagram or other social media networks in return for monetary compensation, products or commission. Becoming an influencer was an unexpected career choice for me when I was discharged from an eating disorder unit in 2014. I created an Instagram as a way to portray myself as an idealized version online. And with the likes and followers, I gained a sense of identity and the feeling that I was good enough. But being an influencer as a career choice was not really a thing back then. And so, when I left college in 2017, I went and did a business apprenticeship at Nestlé for 3 years. I was juggling my full-time job, a degree and this influencer persona. And the pressure was just so much that I just didn't put the time in that I really wanted to it. I always thought, could I make a career out of this? I started gaining money from this career whilst at my time at Nestlé. But because I didn't have the time to put into it, I just put it to the sideline. I wasn't happy at Nestlé and the business life was just not for me. And when my apprenticeship started to come to an end, I always thought, could I make a full-time career out of this? And to my parents' dismay, I decided to become a full-time fashion influencer. So, I moved to London. I lived the influencer life and for much of it, I really enjoyed it. But there definitely was some pitfalls. So, later on, I wanted to develop my studies further. So, I did a master's degree in marketing and decided for my dissertation to study myself. I kept an audio diary for 2 months to gain rich insight and data into the life of being an influencer, specifically on my mental health, mental well-being and self-identity. And I'm going to tell you what I found. Let's start with mental health, namely anxiety. Anxiety was a very common feeling for me having dealt with an eating disorder for much of my young life. But research shows that those who score highly on anxiety measures have a higher social media use compared to normal controls. I would say this finding is directly relevant to me because I use social media not only as a way to present an idealized version of myself, but as a career choice. So, my social media use was through the roof. I'm sure many of you watched the documentary The Social Dilemma, which explored the effect of social networks on human behavior. I find it scary that social media and digital technology is tapping into our brain cells and taking over our sense of self-worth and identity. The vice principal of Facebook even said themselves that Facebook was not designed to protect children's well-being. It was designed to sell the next best product or TV show to watch. As an influencer, I felt so conflicted as I was contributing even further to the mental health epidemic experienced by those worldwide. But it was my career, so I felt so conflicted. The conflicting nature of social social media affected my self-identity. Goffman created the theory of self-identity in 1959, which say we are all actors performing front stage behavior, what we show to others in social settings, and backstage behavior, what we do when no one else is looking. Social networks have given a new platform to self-identity. Showing others online gives a new sense to who we are as people. Whether you are a regular social media user or an influencer, I believe we all engage in social comparison, which links very closely to self-identity. And that of an upward fashion, comparing ourselves to those that we believe are better than us. And you would think as an influencer, you wouldn't engage in upward social comparison because in the eyes of everyone else, you're already the ideal individual. The thing is you couldn't be more wrong. I spent hours and hours scrolling through Instagram and Facebook looking at other influencers' content and celebrities and thinking, why have I not got as many likes as them? Why have I not got as many followers than them? And why am I not partnering with these brands because I should be good enough? The comparison with others, especially about my appearance, led to feelings of low self-esteem. With a dramatic increase in social media and ability to look at idealized imagery, has impacted individuals' self-esteem. Shockingly, research shows that two in five young women surveyed say say that they feel upset that they don't look the way that they do online in real life. I find it a scary mix of easily accessible digital technology and celebrities and individuals like myself posting idealistic imagery online that isn't real. We are now able to create a new reality within seconds with the best lighting, with Instagrammable locations and filters that blur out all superficial flaws within seconds. It's meant we don't know who we are anymore without posting a picture on social media. How scary is that? And lastly, we move on to authenticity, which came up at many different points in my audio diary. To be a successful influencer depends on your ability to brand yourself as a likable online identity, which is very hard to do and remain authentic at all times. Because let's face it, who's perfect at all times of the day? Splendid released the global authenticity crisis report in 2017, which surveyed British adults, and found that 43% that influence said that influencers were inauthentic and working with brands they didn't really believe in. I'm telling you a fact for a fact that as an influencer, I was guilty of posting happy or idealistic imagery when in fact it'd been a really bad day. And I worked with brands that I really didn't truly believe in because I got a lot of money for it. But I felt so guilty because it wasn't really me. Posting this imagery online, I just did it because I wanted to be perfect and I wanted to be liked. But that wasn't really being liked, was it? It was just gaining superficial attention online. You all might be thinking, why am I an ex-fashion influencer? Well, the truth is, one day I realized I didn't want to live a lie anymore. Posting idealistic imagery, getting thousands of likes daily and having my worth based around my appearance daily, just became too much. The pressure was intense and I lost who I was as a person. The truth is, I haven't turned away from social media in the slightest. My job is as full-time social media manager for a well-known sleep app and I've now built an online community which helps people recover from their eating disorders with over 25,000 followers. I stepped away from being fashion influencer 9 months ago and it was the best decision I'd ever made in my life. People said, why did you step away from it? You were getting so many likes, you were getting so much money. Well, it wasn't me and I realized that. So, I flipped my passion for social media on its head. Instead of promoting a lie and somebody I'm not, I'm now an advocate for change and positive growth. I don't regret my time as a fashion influencer as I would not be where I am today without it. But it's also showed me who I am without getting thousands of likes daily, without basing my worth around a superficial appearance. I'm now an advocate for change and that means so much. Helping people recover from their eating disorder when I didn't have it myself gives the whole new meaning to social media and gives me a real true purpose. So, will you be rethinking the way that you view social media influencers now?

  Top Comments:
  1. @moonie9000 [20 likes]: More than anxiety, I think the bigger issue with the influencer lifestyle is the attention addiction loop which brings around narcissistic personality traits and self worth issues.
  2. @joelpimm7681 [5 likes]: Interesting talk on such an important topic! 😁😁😁
  3. @chriscook8036 [3 likes]: Great talk!
  4. @billyzwilliams [3 likes]: Important talk..
  5. @thatomofolo452 [3 likes]: Well well well 🤔🤔🤔
  6. @abrahamscraft364 [1 likes]: 💙
  7. @charlinejolley5370: So true, thank you🎉
  8. @MaekcseN: That is a causality issue. Most become influencers because they are mentally ill already.
  9. @DarkenedHowlStalker: This is the best thing I’ve seen all week.

- The Psychology of Online Hate: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever been attacked by haters online this is the video for you today I'm going to break down the psychology behind why people leave negative comments the emotional triggers that fuel online hate and how to handle negativity and protect your mental health so stick around this will change how you see online criticism forever you know social media is full of amazing conversations but let's be real it's also full of negativity trolls and hate comments but have you ever stopped to wonder why why people feel the need to tear others down online the answer lies deep in human psychology and today we're going to break it all down hey my name is Dr Buck Parker I am a board certified surgeon and welcome to my channel here we break down complex psychological medical and surgical topics into practical advice you can actually use if you're tired of dealing with online negativity make sure you hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications now let's dive in first let's answer answer the big question why do people feel the need to post negative comments the truth is there's no single reason but psychology gives us some pretty powerful insights here are the top psychological reasons people leave negative comments the anonymity effect when people are online they feel less accountable for their words this is also called the online disinhibition effect people say things they never dare to say in real life this actually reminds me of a tweet from Mike Tyson it goes something like this social media made you all way too comfortable with disrespecting people and not getting punched in the face the man is simply brilliant and that makes a lot of sense we just don't have an immediate feedback for our shitty actions so that disinhibits our connection from our brain to our mouth and it's a similar effect that actually alcohol and drugs have on us the negativity bias our brains are wired to focus on negative information people often react more strongly to what they disagree with than what they agree with and third is projection some people project their own insecurities onto others right they feel bad about themselves and attacking others temporarily makes them feel better so in many cases it's really not about you it's about them after I understood these Concepts I no longer felt the need to defend myself against all these negative comments or trolls I just let my Consciousness kind of Dodge those comments like Neo Dodges bullets in The Matrix now let's talk about trolls those people who in intentionally post mean or inflammatory comments just to get a reaction psychologists have found that trolls often have high levels of narcissism sadism and psychopathy sadism is when people enjoy making others feel bad it gives them a sense of power narcissists though they just crave attention even if it's negative and those with low empathy they just don't feel bad for the pain they cause others trolls actually thrive on anger in arguments that's why the best way to defeat a troll is simple just don't feed them ignore them delete their their comments and just move on personally I found one other way to defeat trolls and that's to actually tell them thank you so much for your comments they really boost my engagement and help me spread my posts and stories and videos to way more people than I would ever be able to reach without you if that doesn't get him to stop they probably will never stop so just ignore them so did you know that social media platforms actually encourage negativity here's why anger gets engagement studies show that negative emotions drive more interactions than positive ones algorithms reward conflict the more that platform pushes posts into feeds dopamine addiction every time someone gets a reaction to their comment the brain releases dopamine making them want to comment more so sometimes negative comments are a side effect of how social media is designed and I talked about one of my other videos but this is actually what happened to me and how I got fired many of the comments that I made were disliked by lots of people and that made those post or videos go viral because people had such a strong reaction to them even if they were right or wrong it doesn't matter that those people then called my hospital and said this person is a terrible person they're spreading misinformation and they should be fired just because of the sheer number of negative comments that the hospital received about me is why I was fired so you do have to walk a fine line negative comments do have real world consequences now let's go even deeper a lot of people who leave hateful comments aren't actually bad people they're just dealing de with internal struggles here's what's really happening in their minds possibly low self-esteem some people just put others down to lift themselves up possibly unresolved anger you know life stress job problems relationship issues so they take it out on strangers online and the need for validation some people just need attention and the easiest way is to provoke a reaction from somebody else so next time someone insults you online ask yourself is this really about me or is this about their own pain now for the important part how do you de deal with negative comments here are the best psychological strategies number one don't engage emotionally responding with anger only feeds their negativity Second Use the kill them with kindness method sometimes a calm respectful reply disarms them not always but sometimes third set boundaries hey it's okay to block mute or delete hateful comments and number four and I think my most favorite to practice Detachment remember most negative comments are about them not you so if someone is attacking your character just keep creating keep growing and move forward practicing Detachment is sort of like the yogi Master Level of dealing with negative comments so if you get there you are now a master at the end of the day negativity is loud but positivity is much stronger for every hater there are hundred silent supporters people who truly succeed don't waste time on negativity confidence grows when you focus on progress not criticism so whether you're dealing with hate on social media or in real life remember this successful people just don't waste time responding to negativity they just keep moving forward all right if you found this video helpful hit that like button and subscribe for more deep dives into psychology behind everyday life and tell me in the comments have you ever dealt with a negative comment online how did you handle it how did you deal with it and what was the outcome let's turn this into a space for positivity and learning thanks for watching my channel stay focused stay strong and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ImYourToxicCat [15 likes]: Being on social media now and days is like being in an emotionally abusive relationship. Especially in 2025 when people indulge in witch hunting and virtual mob mentality. 

-Can't state your opinion cause it might offend someone and get you "canceled"

-if you do get offended by something, youre called "sensitive" or a "snowflake"

-if you bring up cyberbullying or harassment,  people will tell you to "just turn off your computer".
  2. @chanyphilly8266 [10 likes]: What worries me is what social media is doing to peoples maturity levels. We seem to have regressed to the playground bully stage. I once had a kid of 14 tell me to eff off and h**g myself. That shocked me more than anything. When i was 14 and that angry, I took it out on myself, not other people. What is happening to the world?!
  3. @gabrielleswann6729 [7 likes]: Block haters immediately! 😊take back your power and wipe the floor with them! Never allow bullies to gain any power! 😊
  4. @Schirm-uj3wc [4 likes]: I don’t read comments.
  5. @DAZZLEBLOX [3 likes]: I can’t believe this video doesn’t have that much views when this happens everyday and these losers are just trolling and trying to make you feel bad or their just sad so they just want to get attention and I also relate to this.
  6. @ZebStrudwick [2 likes]: I found the matrix analogy to be particularly amusing! Thank you for this insightful video 😊
  7. @teresavosloo896 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for your honesty, Doc.  I am a medical transcriptionist.  I just wish I could talk to you.  You would not believe what has been happening in my life.  YOU ARE A VERY GOOD PERSON.
  8. @SaskiaDorien [2 likes]: i just can't with all the hating on the internet or ANYWHERE anymore. it's so exhausting. i'm not doing it anymore and i'm not buying into it anymore. we are feeding ourselves by copying eachother and keeping the fire fuelled. from now on, even if i'm the only one, i'm going for positivity, uplifting perfect strangers and LOVE. even if it's not given in return. being positive is so much more FUN. 

I LOVE YOU ALL AND WISH NOTHING BUT LOVE PEACE AND LIGHT FOR YOU ALL.
  9. @AngelofPestilence-es1jn [2 likes]: thanks Doc. im so sorry you went through getting your job called, and getting fired. Truly. this is a very really consequence of being a content creator. This is actually why I quit my job and ensured financial security before starting my content creation is a hip hop artist. I suspected that my rap rage will enrage others. having your job get called is a very real consequence. this is why I only began this journey once my husband and I had true financial successes. its a very dangerous place to be. people are lunatics, they will try and ruin you because of their opinions. I think the greatest day was when I was posting neutral/positive rap no one said anything, or at least they did but it was very slow/shares/ few likes. When I went on insta and posted rap about a political opinion, people lost their minds. I hope the positive comments will come with the negative. I do suspect that my strategy can be quite good for growth, hatred is a gas that fuels the fire. I think the reason I searched to understand in greater depth, isn't WHY people are commenting on negatively, but rather why dont people comment more positively? people will share, but no like, or say anything. post something that they dont agree with people will go after your life. what are you thoughts on that?
  10. @oovidio [2 likes]: I've been receiving some unusual and odd comments on my videos, to the point that some of them made no sense. Others sound like people are trying to hurt my feelings, but I just ignore them and haven't deleted these comments. But I'll take a look at what the platform allows me to do.
  11. @wawawa1962: thx
  12. @TheAwakenedBaddie: Great video thanks so much❤️
  13. @Awesomedudewithhansom: I feel like hate comments shouldn’t be called hate comments they should be called negative reaction comments most hate comments I’ve seen are based on temporary emotions they don’t have logic most of the time and are said on the fly I don’t think it’s because they feel anonymous but that most of the time they probably won’t agree with 100% of what there saying ether if they sat down and thought about it they’d probably not agree I know because of some hate comments I’ve left where like that and I awkwardly apologized months later
  14. @dreambrush7251: guys, the best reply, besides ignoring it completely, is always respond by either mocking them, point out the inconsistency in their comments or just outright tell them how miserable they are that they need to take out their life frustrations on an internet rando for no reason.

it always works
  15. @xoxo_Shams: thankyou for this 🥰
  16. @CarltonWestMusician: Just reply the same way General Anthony McAuliffe did at the Battle of the Bulge — with just one word:

“Nuts”
  17. @hisgraceislove11: Excellent video, thank you💯👍👍
  18. @G-Mkhof: Dr. Who? 😂 i think i did not hear this correctly. 

But. Good video. Thanks!
  19. @nil981: That's what you get from having anonymity on the internet.
  20. @Ranudiii: This video helped me a lot.❤️

- Quit social media | Dr. Cal Newport | TEDxTysons: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Peter van de Ven Reviewer: Denise RQ You probably don't realize that right now, you're actually looking at something quite rare. Because I am a millennial computer scientist book author standing on a TEDx stage, and yet, I've never had a social media account. How this happened was actually somewhat random. Social media first came onto my radar when I was at college, my sophomore year of college, this is when Facebook arrived at our campus. And at the time, which was right after the first dotcom bust, I had had a dorm room business, I'd had to shut it down in the bust, and then, suddenly, this other kid from Harvard, named Mark, had this product called Facebook and people being excited about it. So in sort of a fit of somewhat immature professional jealousy, I said, "I'm not going to use this thing. I won't help this kid's business; whatever's going to amount to." As I go along my life, I look up not long later, and I see everyone I know is hooked on this thing. And from the clarity you can get when you have some objectivity, some perspective on it, I realized this seems a little bit dangerous. So I never signed up. I've never had a social media account since. So I'm here for two reasons; I want to deliver two messages. The first message I want to deliver is that even though I've never had a social media account, I'm OK, you don't have to worry. It turns out I still have friends, I still know what's going on in the world; as a computer scientist I still collaborate with people all around the world, I'm still regularly exposed serendipitously to interesting ideas, and I rarely describe myself as lacking entertainment options. So I've been OK, but I'd go even farther and say not only I am OK without social media but I think I'm actually better off. I think I'm happier, I think I find more sustainability in my life, and I think I've been more successful professionally because I don't use social media. So my second goal here on stage is try to convince more of you to believe the same thing. Let's see if I could actually convince more of you that you too would be better off if you quit social media. So, if the theme of this TEDx event is "Future Tense," I guess, in other words, this would be my vision of the future, would be one in which fewer people actually use social media. That's a big claim, I think I need to back it up. So I thought, what I would do is take the three most common objections I hear when I suggest to people that they quit social media, and then for each of these objections, I'll try to defuse the hype and see if I can actually push in some more reality. This is the first most common objection I hear. That's not a hermit, that's actually a hipster web developer down from 8th Street; I'm not sure. Hipster or hermit? Sometimes it's hard to tell. This first objection goes as follows, "Cal, social media is one of the fundamental technologies of the 21st century. To reject social media would be an act of extreme [bloodism]. It would be like riding to work on a horse or using a rotary phone. I can't take such a big stance in my life." My reaction to that objection is I think that is nonsense. Social media is not a fundamental technology. It leverages some fundamental technologies, but it's better understood as this. Which is to say, it's a source of entertainment, it's an entertainment product. The way that technologist Jaron Lanier puts it is that these companies offer you shiny treats in exchange for minutes of your attention and bites of your personal data, which can then be packaged up and sold. So to say that you don't use social media should not be a large social stance, it's just rejecting one form of entertainment for others. There should be no more controversial than saying, "I don't like newspapers, I like to get my news from magazines," or "I prefer to watch cable series, as opposed to network television series." It's not a major political or social stance to say you don't use this product. My use of the slot machine image up here also is not accidental because if you look a little bit closer at these technologies, it's not just that they're a source of entertainment but they're a somewhat unsavory source of entertainment. We now know that many of the major social media companies hire individuals called attention engineers, who borrow principles from Las Vegas casino gambling, among other places, to try to make these products as addictive as possible. That is the desired use case of these products: is that you use it in an addictive fashion because that maximizes the profit that can be extracted from your attention and data. So it's not a fundamental technology, it's just a source of entertainment, one among many, and it's somewhat unsavory if you look a little bit closer. Here's the second common objection I hear when I suggest that people quit social media. The objection goes as follows, "Cal, I can't quit social media because it is vital to my success in the 21st century economy. If I do not have a well-cultivated social media brand, people won't know who I am, people won't be able to find me, opportunities won't come my way, and I will effectively disappear from the economy." Again my reaction is once again: this objection also is nonsense. I recently published this book that draws on multiple different strands of evidence to make the point that, in a competitive 21st century economy, what the market values is the ability to produce things that are rare and are valuable. If you produce something that's rare and valuable, the market will value that. What the market dismisses, for the most part, are activities that are easy to replicate and produce a small amount of value. Well, social media use is the epitome of an easy to replicate activity that doesn't produce a lot of value; it's something that any six-year-old with a smartphone can do. By definition, the market is not going to give a lot of value to those behaviors. It's instead going to reward the deep, concentrated work required to build real skills and to apply those skills to produce things - like a craftsman - that are rare and that are valuable. To put it another way: if you can write an elegant algorithm, if you can write a legal brief that can change a case, if you can write a thousand words of prose that's going to fixate a reader right to the end; if you can look at a sea of ambiguous data and apply statistics, and pull out insights that could transform a business strategy, if you can do these type of activities which require deep work, that produce outcomes that are rare and valuable, people will find you. You will be able to write your own ticket, and build the foundation of a meaningful and successful professional life, regardless of how many Instagram followers you have. This is the third comment objection I hear that they quit social media; in some sense, I think it might be one of the most important. This objection goes as follows, "Cal, maybe I agree, maybe you're right; it's not a fundamental technology. Maybe using social media is not at the core of my professional success. But, you know what? It's harmless, I have some fun on it - weird: Twitter's funny - I don't even use it that much, I'm a first adopter, it's kind of interesting to try it out, and maybe I might miss out something if I don't use it. What's the harm?" Again, I look back and I say: In this case, what it misses is what I think is a very important reality that we need to talk about more frankly, which is that social media brings with it multiple, well-documented, and significant harms. We actually have to confront these harms head-on when trying to make decisions about whether or not we embrace this technology and let it into our lives. One of these harms that we know this technology brings has to do with your professional success. I just argued before that the ability to focus intensely, to produce things to hone skills the market place value on, that this is what will matter in our economy. But right before that, I argued that social media tools are designed to be addictive. The actual designed desired-use case of these tools is that you fragment your attention as much as possible throughout your waking hours; that's how these tools are designed to use. We have a growing amount of research which tells us that if you spend large portions of your day in a state of fragmented attention - large portions of your day, breaking up your attention, to take a quick glance, to just check, - "Let me quickly look at Instagram" - that this can permanently reduce your capacity for concentration. In other words, you could permanently reduce your capacity to do exactly the type of deep effort that we're finding to be more and more necessary in an increasingly competitive economy. So social media use is not harmless, it can actually have a significant negative impact on your ability to thrive in the economy. I'm especially worried about this when we look at the younger generation, which is the most saturated in this technology. If you lose your ability to sustain concentration, you're going to become less and less relevant to this economy. There's also psychological harms that are well documented that social media brings, that we do need to address. We know from the research literature that the more you use social media, the more likely you are to feel lonely or isolated. We know that the constant exposure to your friends carefully curated, positive portrayals of their life can leave you to feel inadequate, and can increase rates of depression. And something I think we're going to be hearing more about in the near future is that there's a fundamental mismatch between the way our brains are wired and this behavior of exposing yourself to stimuli with intermittent rewards throughout all of your waking hours. It's one thing to spend a couple of hours at a slot machine in Las Vegas, but if you bring one with you, and you pull that handle all day long, from when you wake up to when you go to bed: we're not wired from it. It short-circuits the brain, and we're starting to find it has actual cognitive consequences, one of them being this sort of pervasive background hum of anxiety. The canary in the coal mine for this issue is actually college campuses. If you talk to mental health experts on college campuses, they'll tell you that along with the rise of ubiquitous smartphone use and social media use among the students on the campus, came an explosion of anxiety-related disorders on those campuses. That's the canary in the coal mine. This type of behavior is a mismatch for our brain wiring and can make you feel miserable. So there's real cost to social media use; which means when you're trying to decide, "Should I use this or not?", saying it's harmless is not enough. You actually have to identify a significantly positive, clear benefit that can outweigh these potential, completely non-trivial harms. People often ask, "OK, but what is life like without social media?" That can actually be a little bit scary to think about. According to people who went through this process, there can be a few difficult weeks. It actually is like a true detox process. The first two weeks can be uncomfortable: you feel a little bit anxious, you feel like you're missing a limb. But after that, things settle down, and actually, life after social media can be quite positive. There's two things I can report back from the world of no social media use. First, it can be quite productive. I'm a professor at a research institution, I've written five books, I rarely work past 5 pm on a weekday. Part of the way I'm trying to able to pull that off is because it turns out, if you treat your attention with respect, - so you don't fragment it; you allow it to stay whole, you preserve your concentration - when it comes time to work you can do one thing after another, and do it with intensity, and intensity can be traded for time. It's surprising how much you can get done in a eight-hour day if you're able to give each thing intense concentration after another. Something else I can report back from life without social media is that outside of work, things can be quite peaceful. I often joke I'd be very comfortable being a 1930s farmer, because if you look at my leisure time, I read the newspaper while the sun comes up; I listen to baseball on the radio; I honest-to-god sit in a leather chair and read hardcover books at night after my kids go to bed. It sounds old-fashioned, but they were onto something back then. It's actually a restorative, peaceful way to actually spend your time out of work. You don't have the constant hum of stimuli, and the background hum of anxiety that comes along with that. So life without social media is really not so bad. If you pull together these threads, you see my full argument that not everyone, but certainly much more people than right now, much more people should not be using social media. That's because we can first, to summarize, discard with the main concerns that it's a fundamental technology you have to use. Nonsense: it's a slot machine in your phone. We can discard with this notion that you won't get a job without it. Nonsense: anything a six-year-old with a smartphone can do is not going to be what the market rewards. And then I emphasized the point that there's real harms with it. So it's not just harmless. You really would have to have a significant benefit before you would say this trade-off is worth it. Finally I noted, that life without social media: there's real positives associated with it. So I'm hoping that when many of you actually go through this same calculus, you'll at least consider the perspective I'm making right now, which is: many more people would be much better off if they didn't use this technology. Some of you might disagree, some of you might have scathing but accurate critiques of me and my points, and of course, I welcome all negative feedback. I just ask that you direct your comments towards Twitter. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShondaD_ [5 likes]: Deleted FB, IG, and TikTok 4 years ago and haven't looked back.
  2. @rafafathima_ [4 likes]: To get rid of youtube Addiction:

Go to google account → delete all YouTube history→ turn off youtube history → You will no longer get recommendations on home screen and you can't watch shorts.Enjoy distraction free youtube
  3. @ashtonlochtefeld [2 likes]: Such a good conversation wow!
  4. @andydegroot648 [1 likes]: I stopped social media a few weeks ago and since then i am doing some much jobs in and around the house.
I am really done with all the stupidity on FB and tick tock
All it does is consume your valuable time..
  5. @Masmilaa [1 likes]: I'm 24 and stopped using social media a year ago. I feel I have a lot more time during my day, less comparison, and I was left with the people that truly care for me and whom I care for the most. My self-esteem is a lot better, and overall, I feel happier and have less anxiety than ever before. I also realized I stopped buying unnecessary things... the list goes on, but I can say you will have more time to create a life that feels more like you, and not a copy to someone else, and that feels good for you without having to constantly think about how life looks to others
  6. @christopherwelch7042 [1 likes]: I gave up social media years ago for 2 reasons- data mining and privacy concerns. I've learned since then what an exhausting time waste it is. I don't miss it and I'll say you will live without it.
  7. @AsimaGuruBahasa [1 likes]: The wierdest thing about social media is politicians use it alot like Donal Trump, president of Indonesia and so on that is why politicians are worst. Well that is why I quited. It is just too much.
  8. @SheLikesAsh [1 likes]: The relevance of this video even after nearly a decade is foreboding.
  9. @heyyouthere551 [1 likes]: I slightly disagree with the business part of it. Sure you CAN do it, but let’s be so fr, social media is one of the best marketing tools ever created and it’s free a lot of the times. You don’t need it to be successful but it damn sure helps.
  10. @saurimahaldar [1 likes]: I am quitting it today
  11. @Whaddayamean13: I don’t think humans are meant to constantly think about themselves in comparison to others. Social media places us in that position. We’re always implicating ourselves in the very filtered, selective image of other people. Not healthy.
  12. @polyglottiK: I had withdrawl symptoms each times and... here I am. back
  13. @vietan3186: Attention and concentration control are assets today
  14. @shoedesigner: Discovered Cal via Ed Zitrons podcast. Had already deleted most apps and Cal gave me the push to delete all of them. I now have more free time and I am much happier. Social media is exhausting - even consuming news that way is. Who needs 300  hot takes on what just happened from random strangers?
  15. @SelenaAnderson6767: this has not aged well
  16. @johnroberts7959: Fascistbook kicked me off two years ago for being a Conservative. Life is better now and I wouldn't get back on if they begged me. But what was a surprise was that not one of my old FB friends has contacted me in these two years. Those people are not your real friends.
  17. @Nico-n1x5j: great find i stumbled on this helpful yt social media video. I didnt have the attaintion span to finish watching it though.
  18. @Cid-dxd: Newport in the flesh, no more deep work guys
  19. @johnrondeau9222: So handsome
  20. @jnbsounds: Me watching this 10 years later on 2x speed... 😮‍💨

- 5 Time Management Tips for Parents: Kind: captions Language: en if you feel frustrated like your time is never yours you put your needs and goals last to prioritize your family or you really struggle to Pivot and feel overwhelmed when things don't go to plan this video will include five different skills that you can apply to feel more calm prioritize effectively and get things done that are really important to you hi my name is Lily and I'm the director of training and Coach development at bodyb brain alliance I've been working in the behavior change space for many years and I'm also a parent of two little ones today I'm going to be sharing five time management tips for parents this video not only applies to parents but also to caregivers or guardians of little humans if you've been a parent for 5 minutes 5 months or 5 years what I see most often is unrealistic expectations for what you hold for yourself your household and your child now I'm not here to tell you how to parent your child but rather take a moment to assess your internal expectations especially subconscious and unspoken ones ask yourself if they're helping you or hurting you and your ability to follow through and regulate your emotions our expectations conscious or subconscious adjust our perception of each situation and therefore the actions we take if we're able to lead with honesty and neutrality and what our expectations are we're then able to take appropriate actions and behaviors to not only regulate our emotions healthily but then engage in things that we want to do and so my first tip is this make a list of what you expect yourself to just do with ease and minimal resistance I now want you to do the same for your household including your child do you expect your child to just sleep through the night every night do you expect yourself to go into full Focus mode the moment you sit down and open your computer do you expect there to be minimal resistance with any decision that is made do you expect yourself to react or behave a certain way after that list is made look it over and determine the things that are outside of your control this doesn't mean that you're automatically going to be okay with those things being out of your control you may very well still feel mad or frustrated or disappointed and still be able to accept that there isn't anything that we can do about it we can then make conscious effort with practice and more practice to put our energy towards the things that we can control and we can change for example you may not have been able to control your child being sick and staying home from school but you still get to choose if you work out or not and what that workout even looks like so when you are able to accept that there are components we can control and components we can't it lessens the Mind drama that we have about those situations and then allow C us to be more intentional with our actions and the behaviors and the things we can change the second time management tip that I have is determining your good better and best when you are faced with a decision or behavior that you are trying to become second nature ask yourself what are the good better best options for that behavior so for example maybe you want to work out more and your best ideal version of effort is completing 30 minutes of uninterrupted strength training at the gym that may be the case Som days but others not so much there may be days where you are tired you are in a funk you have other things that you want to do things that seem more fun there's lots of reasons why you may be feeling resistant to the best option instead of choosing to then do nothing you can refer to your good and better options that you had prepared for ahead of time so if strength training for 30 minutes at the gym is your best option maybe your better option is a YouTube exercise video at home your good option is walking around the neighborhood with your little one in the stroller this helps fight All or Nothing thinking but it still allows you to use your time in an efficient and effective way to work towards your goals have you ever tried setting a good better best for your habits before let us know in the comments below number three is choosing top three priorities for your day either it is the night before or right at the start of your day I refer to this with clients as the big three it is asking yourself if I can only achieve three things out of my entire day what would they be time management does not mean following a plan to te down to every single second of your hour instead it is the ability to use time that you do have available in a way that helps you get things done the big three strategy allows you to get very clear and very specific so that you can end your day feeling really accomplished you follow through with the things that you said you were going to do now I know a lot of people are going to have a knee-jerk reaction to that and say that they have way more than three things to do in their day and I'm not necessarily arguing that but if we're allowing ourselves to ping pong between hundreds of different different tasks a day we usually end up with little to nothing done and feeling mentally exhausted stuck in that hamster wheel of trying to get things done and not actually getting them done over and over again and so if we can allow ourselves to truly prioritize what would the top three things that you would pick for that day these may look different each day depending on your schedule your kids projects at work etc and that's okay if you are someone who continuously puts their own needs at the bottom of the to-do list one of those three things then should be something for you eating a meal in silence when the kids are napping going for a walk or working out alone doing breathing exercises before bed reading watching TV whatever it is you are also a priority and while it is definitely hard to put you on the list we know that you are the most important thing and caring for you is a way to care for others tip number four is to establish a failure protocol you've done all of the planning with your big three you've established your good better best you've adjusted all of your expectations and then your baby still wakes up early from their nap the babysitter falls through you didn't follow through with your original plan because you were in a funk how are we going to appropriately cope emotionally and physically to be able to move forward we want to think ahead in those moments when things don't go to plan what are your immediate emotions going to tell you what are the stories or thoughts that will form how will you regulate in that moment how do you ultimately respond create some thoughts thought challenges mantras healthy coping tools so you can remind yourself in the moment when those things happen this will then allow you to Pivot still make decisions to move forward and last but not least but tip number five is going to be reflection each week I recommend reviewing how things went you want to lead with neutrality without judgment guilt or shame to review how often you are following through with your original plans goals and tasks depending on the data that you review you can then choose what you will deprioritize or delegate to others this may look like doing an instacart order instead of physically going grocery shopping maybe it's utilizing a laundry service maybe it's finally accepting from that friend or family member who offered to hang out with the kids for a couple hours so you can get some time for yourself you can also reprioritize the things that are important to you to ensure that they happen over the next week and of course if you need support on time management and living a healthier lifestyle within your day-to-day life consider Alliance coaching and working with one of us to reach your goals and be successful in your behavior change Journey there's a link in the description if you want to learn more if you found this video helpful please be sure to give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @bodybrainalliance: Have you ever tried setting a good, better, best for your habits before?

- How I Manage My Time - 10 Time Management Tips: Kind: captions Language: en - All right. So over the past 10 years, I have read basically all of the books around productivity and time management. And in that time, there are 10 things that I still use in my life, genuinely use to help make my time management more efficient. Let's talk about them in this video. Tip number one is that we absolutely own all of our time. Now, this is like a big one. When I first had this realization, my life genuinely changed because I used to think I don't have time to do stuff. And I don't know where I read it, but I came across this like, probably like a fortune cookie somewhere which said something like at any given moment you are doing what you most want to be doing. And that was a very empowering thing for me because I was obviously in native empowerment and it helped me realize that my time is entirely within my control. Like right now I'm filming this video because I want to be. Earlier today, I spent six hours playing "World of Warcraft" because that's what I wanted to do. I could not have said I don't have the time to work out today, instead, it was a case of I'm actively choosing not to make the time to work out today. And so when it comes to time management like step one is always to recognize that we are always in control of our own time. Yes. You might have a boss. Yes, you might have parents telling you what to do but fundamentally you are in control of your own time and you can choose to do whatever you want with that time. If you don't have the time to do something, that something it's just not a priority, which is fine but don't pretend like the reason you're not doing it is 'cause you genuinely don't have the time. Point number two is the title of this book by Derek Sivers "Hell Yeah Or No What's Worth Doing." Now, the vibe here, "Hell Yeah Or No" it kind of says it all in the title that when we're young and we don't have very many opportunities in our lives, we should probably say yes to the majority of things that are coming our way. But as soon as we get to a point where we're starting to get more inbound leads than we have time available, we start operating with a hell yes or no maxim. And the idea there is something is either a hell yes or it's a no. And so if I get an email from someone saying, "Hey, do you wanna do this thing?" And I'm thinking, maybe it sounds kind of all right then my default position is gonna be no. If I get an email from someone saying, "Hey, do you wanna do this thing? And I'm like, "Hell yeah." Then I'm gonna do the thing. And I'm trying to get better at using this principle in my life. Because even now my calendar is full of a lot of things where I'm like, oh yeah, kind of rather than hell yeah, too. And now it was regret doing it when it comes down. So hell yeah or no, just like learning to be okay with saying no to stuff is another really important principle of time management. Thirdly, there's a tip I picked up from this book called "Make Time" by Jake Knapp and John Zeratsky. And this tip is called the daily highlight. This is like deviously simple. Basically, the idea is that every day we decide this thing, this one thing is gonna be my highlight of the day. This is the only thing I need to get done today. And on the days where I set a daily highlight and I try and do this every day, I always get the thing done. And I'm always really happy at the end of the day. But if I have a day where I don't set my daily highlight then I kind of drown in my to-do list and I have this just image in my head of like, oh yeah, I need to do this and this and this and that. And it's a lot harder to get stuff done. Whereas on days where I have the daily highlight, I have that just one thing that I'm focusing on, this is the most urgent or the most satisfying or the most fun thing I have to do today. And then it just really helps with my time management. Tip number four for time management is to use a to-do list. And these days are use a physical to-do list with this analog by Ugmonk. It's very nice. And it's like, you get these like note cards and then you'd get this like wooden thing. And you're like put the note card in the thing and it looks like this. And that means like every morning, once I figured out what my daily highlight is, I make a list of the other stuff that I have to do that day. And I shove it on a list and then I tick them off and cross them off with physical pen as I go throughout my day. It doesn't really matter what system you use for it to-do list. But again, there's a general principle of productivity which is that our brain is for having ideas not for holding them and a big part of why we let stuff slip through the cracks when it comes to managing our time and managing our productivity is 'cause we haven't written them down. And so anytime I need to do something, I write it down into an app. These days I use Roam. But then when I figured out my daily to-do list, it's all based on this analog system by Ugmonk which is very nice. And it's kind of cool having a physical to-do list in front of me that I can cross things off of it and it just feels nice. And yeah, even at work, when I'm working as a doctor I use physical to-do lists to manage my patient list, to manage my list of tasks. There's something incredibly satisfying about crossing something off, which you just don't get when you use an app. Principle number five for time management is the concept of time blocking. Apparently, this is something that Elon Musk does all the time. And basically the idea there is any time we need to do something, we put a block for it in our calendar. So I don't like doing this for absolutely everything because I'm a bit of a waste man. And I think the more time I spend managing my productivity system, the less time I spend actually getting stuff done. And then it's just all completely pointless. But the one thing that I always schedule into my calendar at the start of the day is my daily highlight. So if I've decided my daily highlight is filming this video usually, well, I'll try my best to schedule it into my calendar at the time when I know I'm gonna film the video. If my daily highlight is call my grandma, I will literally scroll schedule it into my calendar. If my daily highlight is make changes to my website, I will schedule it at like for a block in my calendar. And that's like really nice and reassuring because it means that that one thing that I've decided is really, really important is always gonna get done because it's always on the schedule. And then if I need to move it around, I'll move it around if something comes up but at least it's there on the schedule by default. And this thing where you combine the daily highlight with time-blocking in the calendar is just incredibly useful. Everyone always kind of thinks that like, oh, but only one thing a day? Don't you have to do more than that. And yeah, you do kind of have to do more than that in most of our lives. But imagine if every single day for the next year you could actually do the one thing, the one most important thing to do that day, you'd make a hell of a lot of progress over the course of the year. And it would just be absolutely game changing. Principle number six is related to something called Parkinson's Law, which is that work expands to fill the time that we allocate to it. So if I have to film a YouTube video in a day and I give myself the whole day to film that YouTube video, inevitably, it's gonna take all day to film the YouTube video. Whereas, if I only give myself half an hour or an hour to film the YouTube video and I fill my day up with other things, then inevitably I get the video done in that small amount of time. And so the actionable advice here is to leverage artificial deadlines, even when it's something like filming a new course. Like I'm working on a course for YouTube for beginners where I kinda filming, took you to everything about my YouTube video production process. And this doesn't really have a deadline. Like I could literally do it whenever I want. I don't have to do it. It's purely optional project but I've set myself the goal that, okay, you know what? I'm gonna film all of this course next weekend. And I've blocked out time in my calendar next weekend to film the course. And that's an artificial deadline which means the course is gonna get done. Whereas if I just had it in my mind or in my to do list without a deadline, without a schedule, it would just inevitably never, ever get done. Point number seven is one I've started applying recently and that is having protected time. When you were an entrepreneur and you were like working for yourself and all that kind of stuff, you end up basically being able to set whatever schedule you want but like, if you're like, man and you're like making connections and making friends with people all around the internet, you get to a point where your day is filled with lots and lots of Zoom calls. And I realized that for me, I need to keep my mornings completely free of any obligations or any Zoom calls. And this has been an absolute game changer because in the morning that means I can wake up whenever I want. Usually it's half past eight these days. And it means that for a solid like four hours at least I've got uninterrupted time where I can do whatever I want. So these days I'm working on writing my book. And so the morning is my protected time for writing. But even on days where I'm not working on the book it's just genuinely so nice to have that like timestamp where I can think about the business or plan some more videos or do the things that help move me forward in my work career. And sometimes if I'm not really feeling it, I'll just decide, you know what? I'm gonna use this protected time to play "World of Warcraft" or to just kind of relax and read a book on the sofa. So if you're interested in better ways to managing your time, I would recommend figuring out what your protected time is gonna be, time that is just for you and you alone or "World of Warcraft" and not for anyone else where no one is allowed to book something in your schedule. All right, principle number eight is delegation. Now this one is a little bit weird because normally when you say the word delegate, people imagine that, "Oh, well I can't afford to delegate something. I don't have enough money to delegate to hire someone." And sure, that's probably true but the way that I think of it, even when the YouTube channel wasn't successful was like, what is actually the dollar value of my time? How much is my time actually worth? And when it came to running my business, I decided that, okay, my time is worth 20 pounds an hour or $25 an hour. And that means that anything I'm doing that I don't enjoy, that I can outsource to someone, that I can delegate for less than $25 an hour I absolutely should do that. And that principle of delegation has encouraged me to get a cleaner which has been great because now we have someone who comes in to clean the house every other week which means I don't have to do it myself. And back in the day when I was building my businesses from the ground up, and there was lots of things that needed to be done, like data entry or things like that. I was able to delegate those to freelancers in like the Philippines or in Bangladesh or in India through upwork.com or fiverr.com and like paying them like $7 an hour is an amazing like wage for someone, for work in the Philippines. But it was fantastic for me because it freed up my time to do things that were adding more value to the business and to my life than doing data entry, for example. And so whatever your circumstances are, I'd encourage you to think about what is the dollar value of your time. And potentially if you want, can you delegate stuff that's cheaper than that to other people potentially. Tip number nine for time management is to try and automate scheduling as much as possible. Now that we're in the world of like Zoom calls and like chatting to people over the internet basically every day, I found I was wasting a lot of time in scheduling back and forth where it'd be like, "Hey, I wanna talk to you, but like, are you free this time, Pacific time, this time, Eastern time this time, British Standard time," all this kind of stuff. And we'd go back and forth with emails for like a solid 10 days before anything would get done. But then I discovered an app called Calendly, and Calendly is great. It's free for like the free version. I pay for the pro version these days. It's not sponsoring this video or anything like that unfortunately. Calendly if watching this, let me know. But the idea behind Calendly is you conditionally send someone a link and it has like all of your availability and they can just book a slot in your calendar. Now this feels a little bit weird to do. Initially, it feels like a bit of a power move that, "Hey, book a slot on my calendar." But anytime I get the Calendly link from someone I'm like, "Oh my God, I'm so grateful." Because this has literally saved me 20 minutes of my life , time that I'm never gonna get back and not having to worry about scheduling back and forth emails. Even sometimes these days when it comes to like catching up with friends, I just send them a calendar link and I'm like, "Look, so hey man, I'm really sorry. But like here's the Calendly link. I know we're never gonna talk because the schedules are never gonna align. But if there's a time that works for you click on this link." And he books a time and we have cool. And it's nice. 'Cause I've caught up with so many more friends in the last few months through using Calendly links than I did in the last like three years of having to schedule back and forth with WhatsApp messages. And finally, principle number 10 for time management. And this is something I've only recently started to appreciate, which is that like when you're like a productivity nerd and you're interested in like efficiency and getting more done. It's very easy for us to get to the end of the day and to just feel chronically dissatisfied with what we've accomplished. Like at the end of the day, it's like, "Oh, well, I filmed one video today but I could have filmed five videos. What's wrong with me? Such a waste man." And kind of internally beating ourselves up about this. But one thing I've started to kind of tell myself recently is that I can choose to be satisfied at the end of the day. At the end of this day, I'll have filmed this video. I was planning to film three more videos, but I didn't get around to doing those. That's fine. I filmed one. I can choose to be satisfied with what I've done and that's all good. And like, it doesn't change how much work I've done by me beating myself up about it. It just makes me feel bad. And therefore, I can choose to feel good with how I've managed my time. If you're interested in more strategies on how to manage your time, I actually have three whole online courses themed around productivity and time management that are hosted on Skillshare. No, they're not sponsoring this video, but if you hit the link in the video description, there'll be a link that gives you a free trial to Skillshare where you can check out my three classes on productivity. One of them is about the fundamentals of productivity. productivity equation which is my personal mental model for productivity. And the third one is one that I've released very recently like last week around productivity for creators and how we manage our time doing this like creative high side hustle entrepreneur type stuff. So check that out with the links in the video description. And if you want more tips for time management and general productivity, you should check out my book review and summary of the book "Make Time" which is one of my favorite productivity books of all time. And that will be linked right over there. So thank you so much for watching. Have a great day and I'll see you in the next video. Bye, bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [116 likes]: Join the Six-Figure Lifestyle Business Masterclass on 4th May: https://go.lifestylebusiness.com/ytpmasterclass
  2. @NgocHaHa-q6u [1 likes]: “Investing for beginners”
  3. @harvnotfound: Really well explained! The way you broke everything down makes it super easy to understand, even for beginners. This is the kind of content that actually adds value instead of just repeating the same basics. Thanks for sharing 🔥
  4. @NgocHaHa-q6u: “Really enjoyed this.”
  5. @chiennguyengesi: “Keep it up!”
  6. @chiennguyengesi: “Keep it up!”
  7. @om.dialed: as a premed this guy my inspiration cuz its practical advice
  8. @harshit.luthra: this one really shifts your perspective 
makes you realize it’s not about not having time, it’s about what you’re actually choosing to prioritize every day 👀💯
  9. @payalrathore000: this one actually hits where it matters simple time management tips but the mindset shift is what really sticks after watching 👀
  10. @ChandlerTwitty: This was a great reminder that time management isn't just about squeezing more tasks in, but about making conscious choices and prioritizing what truly matters. The "hell yeah or no" approach and the emphasis on satisfaction really resonated!
  11. @Yolaman_m: Anyone watching in 2026
  12. @TheOnlyRozie: you are a doctor?! what that handwriting?! (your handwriting looks good)
  13. @itsmesoueel: thanks ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: Really helpful breakdown  that perspective added a lot to my understanding!
  15. @narinehovhannisyan7628: Time management is an essential skill, especially for students. I agree that planning and prioritizing tasks can make a big difference in productivity. Without a clear plan, it is easy to waste time or feel overwhelmed. In mu own opinion,, even simple techniques like writing a to-do list can improve efficiency. In my opinion, managing time effectively is not about doing more tasks, but about focusing on what is most important.
  16. @fatmag5552: Man you talk so fast😢
  17. @guanwashere: I’ve been so stressed lately about how i’ve managing my time lately, until i realized I’ve been doing everything you mentioned lol. 🤪
  18. @عليالجرعي-ر8ق: This video really changed how I think about time 🔥 It’s not about having more time, it’s about using it intentionally… the ‘daily highlight’ and time blocking ideas are super powerful 💯👏
  19. @akash4art: One highlight, physical to do list, cross which done, schedule into calendar, time blocking, make deadline, value time give price how much worth, calendly app, choose to be satisfied
  20. @SeededScotch: This is teaching at its finest!

- How Does Time Management Help Teens Manage Homework? - Teen Parenting Challenge Guide: Kind: captions Language: en How does time management help teens manage homework? Imagine feeling confident about your homework instead of anxious about deadlines. That's what good time management can do for teenagers. When teens learn to organize their time well, homework becomes less overwhelming. It helps them see what needs to be done and when, making tasks more manageable. This is especially important because teens often face many assignments at once with different due dates. Managing time helps them break big projects into smaller steps so they don't feel stuck or stressed. For example, if a teen has a science project due into weeks, they can plan to research one day, gather materials another, and work on the report later. This way, they avoid lastminute rushes. Using planners or digital calendars is a simple way to keep track of homework deadlines. When teens write down what they need to do and when they plan to do it, they can see their workload clearly. This reduces the chance of forgetting assignments or rushing through work at the last minute. Setting specific times for homework also helps create a routine. If a teen studies at the same time every day, it becomes a habit and they are less likely to get distracted. Time management also teaches teens to limit distractions. Turning off phones or social media during homework time helps them focus better and finish faster. Taking short breaks during study sessions is another helpful tip. For example, working for 25 minutes and then taking a 5-minut break keeps their mind fresh. It prevents burnout and keeps motivation high. Setting goals for each homework session can boost motivation. For instance, aiming to finish math problems or write a paragraph can give teens a sense of achievement. When teens manage their TM well, they can handle academic pressure better. They feel less stressed because they are prepared and know what to expect. Parents can support this by helping teens set goals, providing tools like planners, and creating a quiet, organized space for studying. Teaching teens these skills not only makes homework easier, but also prepares them for future responsibilities. Good time management helps teens stay on top of their work, meet deadlines, and feel more confident about their school life. [Music]

- Time Management & Parenting (what I've learned so far...): Kind: captions Language: en time management hacks for parents hack number one hide what I'm doing I was just like laughing when I read that this is actually a frequent comment that shows up on my videos because so many time management videos that I have made were pre-parenting and now the day has come where everyone's very excited what's Amy got to say about managing your time as a parent when you are dealing with the Dynamics of taking care of your kid and also getting work done and getting things done and making sure you survive and oh my God are we surviving I don't know a lot of things that I have talked about in the past when it comes to managing your time really work across the board whether you're a parent whether you're not a parent whether you're a college student whether you're a a a anybody literally anybody but it only works when you believe in it and when you believe in something you give it so much Focus everything really just is fueled by that when you do not have Focus it's not going to work when you do not have focus on whether or not a tactic's going to work for you it's not going to work if you do not have focus on the task it's not going to get fully done or done to the best of your ability but what I would add is probably one of the biggest challenges that I've had in my life and now I have literally been given the challenge of getting better at it whether I wanted to or not so whether it's like your time batching which actually really interestingly I just did a video with morning Brew if you haven't heard of morning Brew they have a killer newsletter telling you all of the wonderful things that are going on in the world but in a way that's actually kind of fun and they wanted me to challenge their team on how to be a bit more productive with some ideas that I have and one of the things that went over really well was time batching just the concept of blocking time on your calendar for like tasks an example currently in this moment in time I am borrowing I'm not joking I'm borrowing someone's home office and passing it off as mine and as I sit here I'm doing a few filming things I gotta get done because I'm going to batch like tasks I'm going to have my makeup on and I'm going to use it up to the best of my ability I've been fully caffeinated camera's going so we're gonna do as much as we can In This Moment time batching like tasks went over really well with that group some batching today so me and the roommates actually batched all of our chores and cleaned the entire apartment our apartment's and spend because new something else that I did today was put working blocks on my calendar it's one thing to have like my media blocks but it's another to put actual working blocks on my calendar so I'm proud of myself I'm making this work and it's because you can get a lot more done when you're doing a lot of the same thing back to back because you're in a flow so time batching that's just one example calendar blocking that's one example you know using a focus timer listening to brain stimulating music or sounds that helps you focus there are so many different things that you can do but they're so much more successful when you ask for help oh I don't want to I don't want to okay asking for help has been one of the most challenging things for me throughout my life in so many ways I do with maybe like friendships and things want to put anybody out and I really feel like if I'm capable of doing something I don't need to ask someone to help me with it I'm going to do it to the best of my ability and then see where we go from there and I realize that that is not all asking help really is and as much as I have talked about everybody getting better at asking for help on this channel I've always been coaching myself on that at the exact same time it's not just about the fact that you can prove you're capable of doing something you can also prove to yourself that you're capable of doing something but you're capable of asking somebody to help you with it as well so you do not get yourself into the type a stress ball of a human being I happen to be so asking for help has always been really challenging for me because again I don't want to put people out I'm fully capable and fully independent I am fully resourceful love that for me love that but then a human that I pushed out of my body came to this earth silly silly Amy she thought I'm just adding more humans to the earth I can still do all the things but I say I can do um turns out yes I can but um only if I'm a robot sad time I'm Still Human I'm still just mere mortal exhausting and when I go back and I look at so many comments from this community so many conversations I've had with clients so many times in my life where this Dynamic of being a parent doesn't always compute when someone's saying yeah but how do you get things done when you have to deal with somebody else's life and taking care of them and all these different Dynamics and all these different things your time-batching thing doesn't work for me I didn't plan enough time accordingly I ran out of time there's not enough time in the world there's always so many stories around it and I'm starting to understand why they are not just Stories We Tell ourselves but they're stories that are kind of true and it's because if we do not incorporate the help of others it is increasingly harder to follow any of that advice mostly because you really cannot focus in general when there's another human involved now the advice that you can't have a morning routine with kids I still don't necessarily believe because I think you can incorporate them into the process and your morning routine just evolves with you my morning routine has evolved I still do a lot of the same things but I've got a kid next to me while I'm doing them and she's entertaining herself in another way and she's six months old now so there are some things she can do to entertain herself now that she's awake more parts of the day than she used to be but there are still things that are very important to me that I still stick to and because of that focus and because of that need I can make that happen but but if I need to do something like work or an appointment or a phone call or shooting a video and I really need a kid not to be pulling on my hair I'm messing up my face and my makeup I need to just be alone for this I've got to incorporate help and so I look back at all those comments and I look back at all of those struggles and I feel like the missing component for absolutely everyone especially for parents when it comes to time management and hacking our way to success is asking for what you need when you need it even if you don't even need it like you don't need somebody to do something for you but it would be nice if they did because it would take that monkey off your back I think I'm just finally realizing the Pinnacle of what it means to be Superwoman like many women that are ambitious feel like they need to be and that is taking care of their kids and doing all the things and working and showing their kids that they can accomplish so much if they try hard and work hard like Mom and yet we still are so strong to a fault so I know this was kind of like time management tips for parents but I am six months in guys so I have absolutely zero intention of telling you how to hack your time as a parent but this is what I have learned so far what I've also learned is when I batched only three hours this afternoon to get the core of my work done which is literally all I could do today that's just all I could do it not because I don't have more to do not because I don't need more time and I know a lot of people need eight hours they need 10 hours and they need to figure out their lives accordingly I just needed three today which felt like an insane feat and by taking that three hours I was able to get a lot more done in that space and time because it was batched with only certain types of tasks and I have to do it it's got to happen because otherwise it doesn't happen and when I leave here and then I walk in the door where my kid is where my husband is where my family is and you know that feeling when you walk in the door you walk in the door and everyone's like no no no can I take my shoes off just one moment please and there's nothing against them it's just that that Dynamic has now changed and the whole gotta be on for everyone else which has flipped again that switch is getting flipped all of the time for me I have so many other personal reasons why there's just stuff going on I'm currently in Columbus I live in Palm Beach Florida and we've been kind of going back and forth between Columbus and Connecticut just visiting family and it's such a great time to be doing that because Bianca's growing up so much right now the it is you know how they say you'll know when it's your kid you know when it's your kid like to think about how different she is between you know three months ago and now is just mind-boggling where I could never really compute that about someone else's kid because you see it every time she wakes up from a nap every time there's something going on it's like what you just grew up again you again like what it's crazy so it's really fun to be around family while they're seeing that all happen because I feel like I'm making it more real for them um so you know we're dealing with that I'm not in my home office I'm not in my perfect little environment where I can do my routines accordingly Bianca doesn't even really know where home is she's too young we keep moving her around and doing all this travel and stuff which again I think is great but also on the routine side of things tends to be challenging so you throw all of this into it this is what I have learned in terms of getting things done I'm still running a business I'm still trying to keep things going I'm keeping the lights on I'm making sure videos get done I'm doing all these projects we're working with clients I've got people in my inner circle we're coaching there's so much going on and you still have to keep that going but I also got a six month old on my arm so when I say this is what I have learned I am learning it so hard right now and I'm only going to continue to do that and I would never sit here and try to say that it's going to work for every single person and I have never said that it works for every single person no matter what my advice has been in the last you know whatever although I do feel like I probably kicked off the episode saying that my tips do work for pretty much everyone anybody literally anybody but they only work for anyone at all if it fits the mold of your life or not if you believe wholeheartedly at giving it a good try and focusing on it and that's all I know that's what I know and I literally can't do it alone and never ever ever in my life have I encountered something that I need to do that I want to do that that brings me a lot of identity and self-love and importance and drive and passion and ambition for me without needing help like it just blows my mind I literally can't do what I love right now without asking for help I think everyone just encounters that moment at a different time depending on how you have a relationship with asking for help I think we encounter that struggle at different times for different people I have just so happen to have encountered that very large moment and I'm pretty sure the universe is saying ladybug you should have learned this long time ago so now we're cramming it down your throat okay and her name is Bianca Bianca is teaching you you need to ask for help so there is no hack it's hard you have to communicate with people it's hard but you know what it just sucks that is the answer to everything the answer to everything is good communication like really rock solid effective communication not I need to put you in your place communication not I'm gonna tell you what I need and I don't care what you need so the type of communication that is I see you I see what you need I also see myself I see what I need I see what this child needs see what my family needs I see what everybody needs I need what I need how can we make this work to everyone's a best ability but I am asking for help and I am going to say that I cannot solve everyone's problems at the exact same time I'm not going to try to say that I'm not going to try to say I have that capability because it turns out Superwoman is a fictional character I would love to hear from absolutely anyone on this in the comments section not I don't care I think we all deal with this in some way and we have different details of Our Lives that make us go but I can't but I can't but I can't it's too hard there's this tip doesn't work for me I'm not saying that's not true but I would love to hear where you feel like the deeper issue behind that is coming from in a casual little comment below all right I have to check my email now and make sure everything's okay and I am going to feed my kid a banana for the first time thanks so much to my little brother for letting me use this gorgeous home office and no this is not his Decor I made it work today thank you so much for tuning in I appreciate it as always remember subscribe for Good Vibes kiss the ones you love and go after the life you want cheers this is actually really fun because I always kiss my brother and there's actually pictures of my brother all over this room so that makes it way more fun yep I used to have an office like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmyTV [12 likes]: What do you think about the dichotomy of time management throughout the seasons of your life? Please share a comment! ⬇
  2. @fillingthebookshelves [1 likes]: What do you do if you have no help
  3. @phaephaepp: What a realistic video! I loved it.
  4. @sadiaswr: Im a new moooom!!!! And i watched you before i had baby and still look for you after baby and im so happy you have baby too and this video is so valuable in every way thank you for your lessons
  5. @Somebodyelse141: Your comment about not even being able to get your shoes off before being bombarded reminds me of the time my husband handed me the baby as soon as I came in and tried to walk away
  6. @Somebodyelse141: When the main tip is help, but I'm watching this video for help managing my time because I don't get enough help at home 🥲😶‍🌫️ life goes on
  7. @kasiasaz9317: We hear that we need to focus on our goals and not let others dictate our day. But then, we should ask for help. I see a bit of inconsistency in this coaching. If i open my email later on a day, take morning for myself and then keep Focus on my own plan, just like this advice sounds, not this channel only, all channels about setting goals and productivity. If we refuse everyone, how can we expect others will help us? It seems one sided to me, I don't know how to resolve this contradiction in this life advice. In my life it works well, I do help others and I receive help when I ask. With home chores it works this way
  8. @kasiasaz9317: We are not meant to raise children without help. Good advice to have support and not try to do all by yourself
  9. @amelielay2957: Just found you yesterday and I am already in love with your personality! 😍 have watched about 7 videos already
  10. @OnyieOnyeabor007: Great stuff!! Keep it up
  11. @4evaRoyal10: Yay!!! CT
  12. @levispinks2458: I’m with you girl. I’m a working, single mum with a 3 year old. I hate asking for help. But I have to. Like I actually don’t have a choice but to ask for help sometimes. And I’m still coming to terms with that. Maybe I’ll get over it one day!
  13. @flawlessbyfaith: I love you and your Videos!!! Thank you!!!
  14. @maegan22: really resonated with 12:44 and on ... from the everything sucks is the answer to everything to the answer to everything is communication... that I see mine and everyone's needs... it's like putting pieces of a puzzle together and making it work :)
  15. @trajedeigh: I think this is the most real I've ever seen you and I'm here for it. I've been using your methods while single parenting a highly strong willed daughter. Modigy, modify, modify! Can't wait to continue the adventure with you!
  16. @sharonvalverde8921: Amy! I started watching your channel when I had just had my second baby. Even back then you were time management in Morning Routine helped me beyond what I could even tell you. I mean it literally helped pull me out of PPD. Very excited about the post Baby Amy also.❤
  17. @SunshineHeathery: Having my first child completely disrupted my own expectations of myself and what my day looked like. My to-do lists went from like 10 items to 2, if I had it in me. Honestly, it's the mental load of becoming a mom that is equally time-consuming as the baby on your lap. My second baby is 4 months and I don't even notice the disruption of having a tiny baby. She comes everywhere with me, does everything with me, and I'm able to focus in a more efficient way than with my first. But my to-do lists are still short haha
  18. @franiwright3211: Community is huge! I think the Amish have got this thing down. They come together as a community whenever a project is needed done.
  19. @carlenemc7260: I find myself having to remind myself that it's a season and the season will change/evolve/develop. I love my daughter but she has the clingest phases
  20. @LadyJennivieve: Oh Amy 😂 I’m looking forward to the two/three year old version of this video. 

You are right though.

- TIME MANAGEMENT For Homeschool Moms | How To Get It All Done: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] whether you are a stay-at-home mom of one or a busy mom of many i think we can all agree that parenting and homemaking is hard and then you throw in something like homeschooling and maybe even working there are some time management strategies that you can put into place to help you manage all of the things welcome to my channel today my name is erin i'm a homeschooling mom of four kids ages five to almost 13 and we have been homeschooling from the very beginning i'm gonna break this up into three different categories one with some of my top tips for homemaking some homeschool tips and then work at home to help you manage your time effectively first of all i need to give you a little disclaimer that while all of these things i 100 believe are true and powerful and effective i am not always the best at all of them simultaneously these tips can really cross over into different categories let's jump into my time management tips for homemaking my first tip is to wake up early and i know there's a bunch of you out there that don't want to hear this i feel you over time i have gradually worked my way into being a little bit more of a morning person because i know how powerful and helpful it can be to have that early morning quiet time before the chaos of the day ensues for me having quiet time in the morning where i can spend some time in the bible and in prayer and just kind of getting my act together for the day before the kids get up is just critical to how the rest of my day goes my biggest suggestion in this particular area if you are not naturally an early riser yourself is to start small by maybe setting your alarm 15 minutes earlier than you normally would and then gradually work yourself up i guarantee you it will make a big difference into how productive your day can go and how your mindset can be just kind of grounded my second tip is to limit your screen time this is one of those things that i'm speaking to myself just as much as i'm sharing with you because it is not easy to put that thing away and that can be detrimental in how much we can get done throughout the day however there are a couple of things that we can do that can help you in this area and the first thing is to turn off all of your notifications something comes up that is going to distract you and try to draw your attention away from what you should be focused on and secondly is to get rid of apps that are causing a major time suck for me i have deleted facebook i've deleted instagram off of my phone i do still have access to those on my desktop computer one other thing in this area to keep in mind is to consider when you are on your phone is what i'm doing actually helping me is it building me up is it encouraging me is it helping me to be a better me and if the answer is no then maybe we should be reconsidering what we are spending our time on we want to make sure that we're filling ourselves with things that are going to build us up and make us better my third tip is to prioritize your to-do's a helpful thing to do is to have a running list of all of the things that you know that need to get done and then choose maybe three of those things that you know are things that you can do this day and don't worry about the rest of them if you can choose the things off of that list that are going to make you feel like you were successful in your day get those things done my fourth tip is to involve your kids no matter their ages are certainly very capable to help you do at least some of the housework encourage you to find ways that you can delegate some of your household tasks to your kids in order to take some of that off of your plate so that you can focus on things that are more important my fifth tip is to buy food in bulk and meal plan i purchase a half of a cow at a time and then i also buy a lot of my pantry essentials in bulk from azure standard so we always have a lot of our foodstuffs on hand this is something that has been huge for me when i am on top of my game and actually doing my meal planning i often don't plan my meals ahead and then for some reason find myself at four o'clock trying to figure out what i'm gonna make for dinner as if this hasn't ever happened before but even when i don't have my meal schedule planned out for the entire week it has helped me tremendously to know that i have food already in bulk that i can easily take meat out of the freezer because it is already there and have a healthy meal on the table for my family my next tip is to plan an errand day usually for us i try to have this fall on our unschooled day i like to multi-purpose my trips into town to make the best use of our time so this is a day where we do things like our weekly grocery shopping we make a trip to the library so the kids can pick out new books this is also the day where i would try to schedule doctor's appointments or things like that so that we can then have the other four school days a week to be focused on our schoolwork and our things that we need to get done at home okay let's move on to my time management tips for homeschooling my first tip is to use a family style or independent curriculum options that takes so much off of your plate as the homeschool teacher to not have to teach every single subject independently to every single child as well as trying to make use of curriculum that can be very independent led for your children that is just a complete game changer for your home school my second homeschooling time management tip is to establish a homeschool routine this is key for making sure you have an easy smooth flow to your day into your week it really doesn't matter what that homeschool routine is going to look like you just need to decide what is going to work best for you and have that established to make sure that you know what you need to do and how you're going to go about doing all of those things i've got a whole video that i will link up here that is about how we use time blocking for our home school and that has been just a huge time saver and sanity saver in our home school as well my third homeschool tip is outsourcing there are certain things that can be very effective especially if you are a working parent as well and have maybe a little bit less time to dedicate to homeschooling your kids can do online where maybe they are taking a class online or it's a curriculum that is online based that can save you a lot of time as well as things like being okay with utilizing educational documentaries or tv shows or things like that that you can have to fall back on if you get really busy and just don't have time to teach a certain subject on a certain day you can plug something on and feel good about knowing that your kids are still getting the education that they need while it's taking something off of your plate for that period of time and i have a video that i'll link here as well that is all about our favorite educational shows that we have utilized in our home school my fourth homeschooling tip is to limit your out of the home activities it can be really hard to say no when there are so many amazing opportunities and things out there available at our fingertips but we have to be careful to make sure that we are not getting so involved with things outside of the home that we then don't have time to do the things that we need to do at home the fifth homeschooling time management tip is to structure play into your day there are so many tremendous benefits of playtime for your kids no one's brain can just be on full speed all day long as well as if they can be outside playing and doing something for a little while that can free up a little bit of your time then to get some things done around the house either for work or homemaking things that need to happen while they're kind of out of your hair for a little while okay let's move on to my working from home time management tips again disclaimer here i am a part-time work from home mother i spend probably 20 to 25 hours a week working here at home managing this youtube channel my first tip for this is to block out work time it is important to have time set aside and established where you know that okay these are the hours where i'm going to be focused on what i need to do for work and then the rest of my time can be dedicated to my kids and my home and homeschooling and all of those other kinds of things so that then when it is time to do that work we can completely focus on the work that we need to get done and then as well as you can set some boundaries in place so that your kids know not to bother mom when it's time for mom to get some work done for me a lot of my work happens in the evenings and on the weekends when it is time where the kids are away for you the time that this happens throughout the day may be different than what it is for me having that dedicated work time is key my second tip is to batch similar tasks if you have a list of to-do things say you have emails you have to do you have phone calls you have to make you have appointments that you need to schedule if you can have a list of all of those things and do all of the similar things grouped together then that can make a much better use of your time it takes your brain quite a bit of time to completely switch gears and to be able to focus on the task at hand so when you can focus on a similar type of task and get all of those things knocked out at once that can be tremendously beneficial for example for me when i am doing my videos i try to spend a good deal of time researching topics and coming up with titles and things like that all together and then when possible i try to shoot at least two videos at a time so all the time spent setting up here only has to happen once it can be ready and i can shoot more than one video and that helps me to get a lot more done and then um editing can take place later during my scheduled work time in the evenings my third tip for work from home moms is to set boundaries things might be a little bit different if you have a boss that tells you what you need to do when but if you are the one calling the shots you need to make sure that you are establishing boundaries for yourself for what is an acceptable amount of time that i'm going to be spending on work and making sure that you don't go over that time so that you have time to still be involved in family activities and other things that need to get done as well when you're working for yourself it's very easy to spend far too much time doing things that can take you away from things that might be more important really what i'm trying to say is that you have to know what to say no to so for example for me to be able to be effective here on youtube and be able to produce content regularly that means i cannot be as active on facebook or instagram as i would like to be because it just takes too much time to do all of those things and i know for me personally if i am focused on having to do things for all of those different platforms then that's gonna take away from my time that i really need to and want to spend with my family decide for you what those boundaries are and make sure that they are set in place and established for yourself my fourth tip for working from home is to get the hard things done first you know that thing that's looming over you that you don't want to do that you are just dreading just get it out of the way if you leave those things looming over you and just keep procrastinating on them it's amazing how much mental space that takes up which then makes you less effective at what you actually should be focusing on i know for me personally if i can just get the things done and that i really don't want to do and get them out of the way then i have so much more focus and mental clarity for the things that i need to and want to be working on later my fifth tip is to break large projects into smaller pieces when you look at this huge project that you need to do it can seem really overwhelming but if we can find ways to break it down into smaller incremental projects that you can focus on one small thing at a time that can then start to build momentum to getting more and more done i'm still working on teaching myself to break those into smaller manageable tasks that take significantly less time so i at least am ticking away at that thing that just seems huge and then i know that eventually over time it will get done and then once it's done it's it feels so much better to get those things out of the way but breaking those things into smaller increments makes a big difference in how that goes another tip that can go for all of these categories is to give yourself grace the reality in our house is that there's pretty much always a stack of unopened mail on the counter and a load or four loads of laundry waiting to be folded in my bedroom it's so important to recognize that none of us are going to be perfect at all of these things we have to be okay with the fact that it may not be perfect if we can just work on trying to be just incrementally better each day at these kind of things then that can go a long way to building a lot of momentum to improving in all of those areas but we have to keep in mind that we have to give ourselves grace when we fail because it is inevitable that we will fail at one time or another and we have to know that that's okay that the lord his grace is sufficient for us and we can pick ourselves back up and try again the next day if you're interested in some more ideas about how you can create a more peaceful homeschool click on this video right here what time management tips would you add to this list i'd love to get some more ideas from you please drop those in the comments below thanks so much for watching today bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEclecticHomeschooler [5 likes]: What is your best time management tip?
  2. @latanyamichael5232 [2 likes]: I don’t know where you’ve been all my life but I am glad I found your channel. The most realistic homeschool channel! Perfection free yet efffective.  🎉
  3. @maleehahaider8596 [1 likes]: This is the first time i came accross your videos. Im a single parent of 4 ...2 of which are in school n two in homeschool. Your tips are life savers!
  4. @megnlu [1 likes]: Instant pot is a LIFESAVER for those unplanned days. So unplanned that you forgot to thaw out meat🤪
  5. @user-ei8rb7sj6c: Can you give us an example of a huge task you could break down into smaller pieces? This is very hard for me.
  6. @user-ei8rb7sj6c: Love this video. What hours do you set aside for your work hours?
  7. @exmccl01: Is a peaceful homeschool possible, if my wife also does daycare?
  8. @chelseyregier4210: Where can we download the schedule
  9. @Thegarciasmundo: Very helpful video! I needed to hear so much of this. Thank you!
  10. @peterpiper5300: Hi. Out of topic.  I'm curious about the spiral  stairs.  Where does it lead to?  Do you get kinda "dizzy"  or disoriented when you use those stairs?  😊
  11. @GittePiano: Thanks for sharing
  12. @WIZESWIFE: Thank you so much!! There were so many helpful tips! I appreciate this so much! 🙌🏻
  13. @Divine81Empress: Thank you for sharing..needed this. 🙏🏿💛🤗
  14. @stephaniedougherty7845: Thank you, Erin! This was perfect! I am in the middle of a health scare and homeschooling and started a blog beginning of the year and been feeling so overwhelmed (not realizing it was partly because I was so extremely low on iron). Whilst I have been praying to get through each day to my infusion, I have been also really feeling like the Lord wants to use this as a reset button. Your video on block scheduling home school made me nosy as to what you do about your own to-dos… et voilà! The answer! Curious though as to what you categorize as the 3 to-dos for the day. I am assuming it is not cooking meals or doing laundry 🧺! You are so encouraging. Thank you!
  15. @jessicathompson5680: Thank you for this I really needed this encouragement
  16. @lauracragun: i have found for myself, i am able to get about 6 to-do items (mainly things i really want done) done on my list each day. ie...workout, post something to social media, holy time for me, etc.... And now I have realized that maybe it is because I have that many time blocks each day that I can squeeze in something I want done!
  17. @TDPose: What about us homeschooling stay at home Dads 😅
  18. @Spacecat43: Your advice is always so wise! Love the videos ❤
  19. @kelseyvince9639: You’re content has blessed my family tremendously! You are doing good work for the Kingdom! May God bless you with health and happiness. Sending my love from Louisiana!
  20. @whatchadoin84: Thank you for this!

- Latest Technology Trends in 2025 You Must Know | Future Tech Explained: Kind: captions Language: en [music] 25. The tech revolution is here. Asterisk asterisk. Hey there, tech enthusiasts. [music] Buckle up because 2025 is unleashing a whirlwind of groundbreaking innovations that are reshaping our lives, work, and creativity. In this video, we'll dive into the latest tech trends that are already making [music] waves. Stick around till the end. You won't want to miss this. asterisk asterisk while artificial intelligence. A daily companion asterisk asterisk [music] in 2025. A young isn't just a buzz word for corporations anymore. It's become an essential part of our daily lives. From drafting emails to editing videos, learning new skills, and managing everyday tasks, AI tools are seamlessly integrated into our routines. It's like having a personal assistant at your fingertips. Asterisk asterisk to AI powered video creation. Your imagination realized asterisk asterisk. Ever dreamed of creating stunning videos without breaking a sweat? Now you can with cuttingedge AI. Transforming text into vibrant videos complete with voiceovers, captions, and visuals has never been easier. This tech is revolutionizing platforms like YouTube and Tik Tok, allowing anyone to be a content creator. asterisk asterisk 3 smart devices and wearables. Your health, your data asterisk asterisk. Say hello to the next generation of smart devices. In 2025, gadgets are not just smart, they're exceptionally intuitive. From tracking your health and sleep patterns to monitoring your daily activities, [music] these wearables are more accurate and insightful than ever. Your wellbeing is now just a tap away. asterisk asterisk for electric and smart cars. Drive into the future asterisk asterisk. [music] Get ready to hit electric vehicles and not just eco-friendly. They're equipped with smart dashboards and advanced RI systems that enhance safety and driving [music] experience. In 2025, your car might just be smarter than you. Asterisk asterisk 5i tools empowering everyone. Asterisk asterisk. Whether you're a student, a creator, or a business owner, AI tools are now your best friends. They're designed to save you time, boost productivity, and unleash your creativity. In 2025, harnessing the power of AI is the key to staying ahead, asterisk asterisk call to action asterisk asterisk. If you're excited about tech trends like these, don't forget to like, subscribe, and turn on notifications. I'm here every week with easy to follow tech tutorials and the latest updates. asterisk asterisk utster asterisk. Technology is on a thrilling journey of evolution and keeping up with these changes gives you the upper hand. Thanks for tuning in and I can't wait to see you in the next video. Asterisk asterisk disclaimer asterisk [music] asterisk. This video is for educational purposes only. Thank you so much for joining me today. I hope this glimpse into the future has been insightful. If you found this information valuable, please consider following for more explorations into the world of technology and innovation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Roqguytech [1 likes]: Thanks for this
  2. @AdewaleOlatunde-zv7rn: Great work
  3. @ShokumbiOlayiwola: Amazing stuffs
  4. @Busarisuliyat-u2u: Amazing video mate

- Top 3 AI Tools for Content Creators in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en hey there ready to take your content creation game to the next level today I'm sharing three must-have AI tools for writers video creators and designers these tools will revolutionize your workflow in 2025 first up chat GPT by open AI imagine having an AI assistant that can brainstorm ideas write scripts and even generate blog posts or social media captions for you chat GPT is your go-to for all things content Creation with chat GPT you can create outlines for your YouTube videos or ebooks in minutes the latest features include voice integration for hands-free operation family accounts and AI model interoperability it's perfect for writers bloggers and video creators who need fast content generation next let's talk about descript editing video and audio has never been easier descript allows you to edit like you're working on a document automatic transcription over dub capabilities and collaborative editing make it a GameChanger it's ideal for video creators and podcasters aiming for a streamlined editing process last but not least canva Pro with magic design needs stunning visuals quickly canva Pro's AI powered magic design can create unique templates and text to image visuals in no time perfect for social media managers and graphic designers this tool helps you produce polished visuals effortlessly so there you have it chat GPT descript and canva Pro with magic design these tools will transform your content creation workflow making it faster and easier than ever if if you found this video helpful please like subscribe and comment below and don't forget to check out my other videos on technology Trends thanks for watching and see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @christinedq2582 [1 likes]: really insightful video! I'm excited to explore these AI tools and see how they can make content creation easier and more creative!

- Top 10 Tech YouTube Channels in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Every year, countless new gadgets hit the market. From industry giants to rising brands. But which ones truly stand out? Let's find out and learn from the best to build your tech channel. Hey guys, K here. Today with Bidros, we're breaking down the top 10 tech YouTube channels you should follow to learn from the best and build your own successful, trustworthy tech channel. Let's dive in. Before we dive into our list of the best tech YouTubers, let's break down the key elements that make a channel stand out. Number one, highquality production. Tech content relies heavily on visuals, so your videos need to be aesthetically pleasing and well produced. While short- form content shot on a smartphone is growing, good equipment is still essential, especially for tech reviews. Why it matters. Highquality video and audio improve the viewing experience. A polished presentation earns credibility and increases subscriptions. How to achieve it? Camera quality. Use a DSLR mirrorless or high-end smartphone. Audio clarity. Invest in a good microphone. Lavalier shotgun or USB. Editing and graphics. Use Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro, or Da Vinci Resolve. Lighting setup, softbox, lead panels, or wellplaced natural light. Number two, unique content. With countless tech videos online, your content needs to add real value and offer something different. Creativity is key to making your channel stand out. Why it matters? The tech niche is competitive. Your videos need to be original and informative. Viewers are more likely to return if they can't get your content elsewhere. Types of content that work well. In-depth reviews. Go beyond the specs and test real world performance. Howto and tutorials. Teach viewers how to use tech effectively. Industry news and trends. Keep your audience informed on the latest updates. Explainer videos. Simplify complex tech concepts. Behind the scenes footage, show your process and workflow. Number three, engagement and community building. Success on YouTube isn't just about getting views. It's about building a loyal community. Whether you have 100 subscribers or a million, the goal is to foster an engaged audience that values your content. Why it matters? A strong community turns casual viewers into long-term subscribers. Engaged followers will support your content across multiple platforms. Ways to engage with your audience. Respond to comments. Show your audience you value their input. Run polls and Q&As. Encourage interaction and gather feedback. Feature follower requests. Make your viewers feel involved. Host giveaways. Reward engagement and grow your audience. Now, here's a helpful tip from one of our top tech clients whom we interviewed. Being a great tech YouTuber isn't just about having the best gear. It's about having a unique perspective. Find your niche, develop your style, and create content that excites you. That's what will make your audience excited, too. People can see through it more than you know. Now, if you're serious about becoming a top tech content creator, studying the best in the industry is a must. These 10 YouTube channels stand out for their highquality production, unique insights, and engaging content. One, Unbox Therapy. With over 24 million subscribers, Unbox Therapy is one of the biggest tech YouTube channels hosted by Louis Hilenteer. The channel focuses on unboxings, product specs, DIY products, and inclusive tech deals. Lewis gained major recognition after his viral video iPhone 6 Plus Ben Test, which has over 73 million views. What sets it apart? Covers a wide range of gadgets from smartphones to gaming consoles. Engaging first look unboxings and realworld product testing. Features limited tech deals that are hard to find elsewhere. Number two, Maris Brownley or MKBHD. With 19.8 million subscribers, Markx Brownley is one of the most respected voices in tech reviews. He gained recognition at just 21 years old, earning praise from a Google vice president as one of the best tech reviewers. His review of the Samsung Galaxy Fold in 2019 has over 23 million views, and he covers smartphones, laptops, cameras, and wearables. What sets it apart? Meticulous, in-depth reviews with attention to detail. Covers both popular and lesserknown tech brands. balanced mix of informative and entertaining content. Number three, Lionus Tech Tips. Lionus Tech Tips has evolved into an entertainment-driven tech channel with 16.2 million subscribers. It covers PC builds, DIY tech, reviews, and industry insights. Now featuring multiple hosts, the channel has become a go-to for tech enthusiasts looking for both education and entertainment. What sets it apart? Highly engaging, fun approach to tech content. Deep dives into hardware, software, and PC builds. Highquality production with detailed comparisons and insights. Number four, Austin Evans. Austin Evans is known for his easy to understand yet highly informative tech content. His channel covers gadget reviews, gaming, and the latest tech trends, making it perfect for beginners and casual tech fans. His most popular video, Broke versus Pro Gaming, has over 26 million views. What sets it apart? Simplifies complex tech topics for all audiences. In-depth reviews of gaming and consumer tech covers the latest gaming trends and comparisons. Number five, I Justin. Justin Ezerich aka I Justin has been a tech content creator for over a decade, gaining over 7 million subscribers. She combines vlogs, unboxings, and tech reviews with an entertaining and personal touch. Her most viral video, a parody of the Black Eyed Piece, I Got a Feeling. What sets it apart? Personalitydriven content that's fun and relatable. A mix of tech and lifestyle blogging. One of the few successful female tech YouTubers in a male dominated space. Number six, Sarah Dichi. Sarah Dichi blends tech, creativity, and entrepreneurship in her content. She covers camera gear, software tutorials, and industry trends, making her an excellent resource for aspiring content creators. She also hosts a podcast, That Creative Life, where she interviews top entrepreneurs and creatives. What sets it apart? Covers both tech and content creation tools. Engaging and motivational approach for new creators. offers insights into entrepreneurship and creativity. Number seven, JerryRig Everything. Zach Nelson, the man behind JerryRig Everything, is famous for putting gadgets to the ultimate durability test. His bend, burn, and scratch tests have gained him over 9.17 million subscribers. Unlike standard reviews, his content focuses on build quality and longevity, helping buyers make informed decisions, what sets it apart, durability focused tech reviews, tear down videos that show what's inside your devices, repair and DIY tips for fixing or modifying gadgets. Number eight, Mr. Mobile, Michael Fisher. Since launching in 2016, Michael Fischer has built a reputation for high quality narrative-driven tech reviews. With over 1.25 million subscribers, his content covers laptops, tablets, smartphones, and tech accessories. His standout video, When Phones Were Fun and Nokia Was Crazy, has 3.6 million views. What sets it apart? Storytelling focused reviews that make tech exciting. Attention to detail and sleek production, engaging content that keeps viewers hooked. Number nine, Jonathan Morrison. Jonathan Morrison's channel blends storytelling, highquality visuals, and in-depth tech reviews. With 2.53 million subscribers, he covers smartphones, computers, and comparisons with a cinematic approach. His ability to simplify complex topics makes his content appealing to tech enthusiasts and casual viewers alike. What sets it apart? Highquality visuals and production value. Excellent storytelling in every video. Easy to follow but highly informative content. Number 10, Kevin Stratford. Kevin Stratford, a Microsoft certified professional, runs a channel dedicated to tech tutorials, software reviews, and productivity hacks. His content covers Microsoft Office, Windows, and business tech tools. His ability to explain complex software in simple terms has helped him build a large engaged audience. What sets it apart? expert level knowledge of business and productivity software. Covers both tech reviews and efficiency tips. A go-to resource for Microsoft Office and workplace tech. These content creators each bring unique qualities to their videos. While their perspectives and styles may differ, they all share one key trait, consistency. They regularly produce and share content, keeping their audience engaged and coming back for more. Keeping up with your audience and consistently reviewing the latest gadgets can be overwhelming in the long run. The process involves scripting, filming, editing, and uploading with video editing alone taking hours, sometimes even days. If you want to stay ahead as a tech content creator, professional video editing services can give you the edge you need. Our team of expert video editors is here to handle the heavy lifting so you can focus on creating top tier content. Let us help you on your journey to becoming the next big tech YouTuber. Call us today for a free consultation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Erica-11_11 [4 likes]: You totally forgot about "mrwhosetheboss" who imo should definitely be in the top three
  2. @NearMeNowOfficial: The Human Airdrop: https://youtu.be/FztN1xl78MM?si=Y4oOYUCscCL6q8zr
  3. @mtbaxel9643: Mrwhostheboss has 22m subscribers 😂
  4. @yondiipoya2277: what background sounds you are using?

- You’re Not Ready for the Next Phase of Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en Social media is about to change forever for creators, for brands, for anyone that's using content to grow a business. The game is being completely reset because the truth is, we're entering a brand new era for marketing. Now, the good news is there are lots of new ways to win that weren't possible before. I know this because I spend all day on the cutting edge of content marketing and distribution. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I'm starting to see trends and patterns that are not obvious to the average person, but are massive opportunities. So, in this video, I'm going to walk through the six biggest social media trends that I see coming over the next few years. And if you care about growing your business at all, you're going to want to pay attention. All right. Now, the first social media trend is the emergence of new social platforms. That's right. We are going to get new social platforms that launch in the next couple years. And this really is the mega trend. Because if there's one thing the marketing world has taught me, it's how important it is to be ready when a new social platform launches. Cuz here's the thing. If you were given a choice, every creator and business owner on Earth would go back in time to invest more in Facebook and YouTube in the early 2010s, Instagram and LinkedIn in the late 2010s, and Tik Tok in 2020. Why? Because those early years are the easiest time to win. If you were to map the life cycle of any social platform, those first 12 to 18 months have user demand that significantly outpaces content supply. Literally, any piece of content posted works. During this period, you get massive views, massive followers, and massive conversion for almost no effort. It's literally a gold rush. And this gold rush phenomenon happens both when new platforms launch and when old platforms launch a new feature. And we all saw this with Instagram reels in 2022. Instagram had been around since 2010. And by 2020, it kind of felt like the game was solved. It was over. But the addition of reels in 2022 completely reset everything on Instagram and allowed a ton new people to enter and lots more to win. What this means is that you should always be looking for new social platforms as well as when old social platforms launch new features so that you can sprint and take advantage of those early moments. So, here's why this all matters. I think we're about to see a few massive launches in the social media space over the next few years. Let me explain what they are. First and foremost, the one that's for sure happening is US Tik Tok. If you haven't been following the news, the US forced China to sell the rights to US Tik Tok to a US controlled conglomerate. Now, it's not exactly clear who all the owners will be, but it's rumored Oracle, Silverlake, and potentially even A16Z will be in the mix. And this means that in the next 6 to 12 months, you will see a brand new social platform emerge for the first time since Threads and before that, Tik Tok itself. And I'm telling you, this is going to be the biggest opportunity in the social media world since the pandemic because it's been reported that the US controlled version of Tik Tok will need to rebuild their own algorithms from scratch. And that means user profiles and followers that have already been built up on the existing Tik Tok will not port over to the US version. Everybody's starting over from scratch, including me. But this time, all the new players that will come in on day one have already built businesses on the existing Tik Tok. They know the playbook. They know how to make content, and they're going to come ready starting on day one. Now, if you care about making money at all from content, whether it's brand deals or to fund your business, the launch of US Tik Tok is not something that you should ignore. And I promise I will make a lot more videos in the future for the strategies and tactics for how to dominate on US Tik Tok as we get closer. So make sure to stay tuned and follow along for those. Now, I mentioned at the beginning of this section that I expect to see a couple new social media platforms or features launch in the next few years. US Tik Tok is for sure happening. That's one. But here are two other predictions for what I think will happen in the next 2 to 3 years. First, I think we're going to see some new niche community feature be built on top of either Instagram threads or X. And here's why. It's no secret that the world is diverging. While the internet feels like everyone's getting more connected, I'm sensing a trend of private groups, member clubs, walled gardens, and private communities become more and more popular over time. People are sick of the feed-based media that comes without a sense of community. Because of this, I expect to see new social features and potentially even a new social platform that takes advantage of niche-based social feeds and maybe even builds direct pipes for social into private communities. Think of this like the evolution of the Facebook group, but completely reimagined for this era. Now, I can't say for sure what this is going to look like, but I expect something to come out that will take advantage of the lack of digital community that we're seeing across social platforms today. And when it does, again, you're going to want to be ready. And the way to be ready to take advantage of this is to start building your own private community today. You want to be using social platforms to ramp people from public social feeds into private communities. I'm telling you, that will pay huge dividends later. You want to start that now. All right. And my last prediction for new social platforms is that I expect to see a zag to the zigg of AI content. It's no secret if you've been following along with AI developments. Veo3, Higsfield, Free Pick, Hey Genen, this AI content is no joke and is already indistinguishable from the human-made versions. Now, the truth is no one is really sure what's going to happen to human creators when the emergence of AI content increases to the point where the humans get drowned out. But I suspect something new is going to emerge. With every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. So whether it's a human-only verified feed or a human-on only verified platform, something will emerge to combat the evolution of AI content. This will probably be blockchainbased and require some sort of digital verification to verify you're a human. Either way, regardless of what this is or how it works, we're going to see a lot of new changes coming to social platforms and the invention of new ones in the next few years. And like I said before, the one regret I have is that if I could have gone back and went harder during those early eras, I would have. So you really want to be ready and alert for when these things happen. Now, if I am the one you like to follow for social media growth, the best thing you can be doing during this era is using Sandcastles. Sand castles is basically my content brain. All these YouTube videos and all my thinking on content distilled into a super tool that you can access 24/7. It allows you to import and analyze all the videos from the best channels you follow across Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube. You can then find the best performing videos in aggregate and start to figure out the trends and patterns that are working. This is my cheat code for how I make so much content so quickly. What I like to do on Sandcastles is find the top performing outlier videos over the last 3 months from a list of creators that I trust and then reverse engineer which topics are working. I do this every single day and this saves me hours on the research side and also derisks my effort so that I make winners more often. You can think of Sandcastle kind of like one of 10 or Vid IQ but specifically for short form social media, Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube Shorts. And we've also got a ton of other features that make sense for social that doesn't make sense for YouTube. I'm telling you, this is everything I know put into a tool at the cutting edge. If you want to give it a try for free, I've got a link below. I also linked a ton of free tutorials on how to use it. It's kind of like a free miniourse. my gift to you in the description. All right, the second major social media trend that I think is going to emerge big over the next few years is creator moes. During all previous eras of social media, all you needed to do was post consistently and be active. That was the only moat that you needed to win. And this was because, as shocking as this sounds, in 2025, people still were dramatically underestimating the value that came from building a personal brand on social media. So, not that many people actually did it, and there was a huge supply demand mismatch. Well, unfortunately, in 2025, the cat seems to be officially out of the bag. It's clear that in the last 12 to 18 months, most individuals and all brands have woken up to the fact that building an organic audience is the most valuable marketing asset you could develop. And because of that, we have seen a lot of new players enter the social media and content game in that period. I don't know about you, but when I scroll the feed, I am consistently seeing banger videos from new people I've never seen before. there are dozens of new faces I'm getting exposed to every day and I often think to myself, damn, there are a lot of good creators out there now. Well, that feeling, if you feel it too, is there for a reason. The supply of good creators that know how to use a phone, they can tell a story, they can edit, is increasing exponentially. And so, if you want to win in the next era of social media, just showing up and posting consistently is not going to be enough to cut through because instead of three people making content in a given niche, today it's 30 and tomorrow with AI content, it's going to be 3,000. So, in this next era, it'll be extremely important to define your niche positioning and build a durable creator moat. Now, when I say moat, what I mean is the difference between your personal brand in a category and everyone else's in the viewer's mind. Here's how I think about creator modes. They're really a combination of these five things. First is your topic niche. What topic do you actually make content about? Number two is visual format, and this is kind of the full package for how you visualize your videos. Both the layout and the visuals you use themselves. Number three is your storytelling style. And this is how you present information and structure your ideas in a story flow that people can follow. Number four is the personality and vibe. Beyond the topic, beyond the story, and beyond the visual packaging, how do you come across as a vibe through the content? Right? So, this is the fourth bucket. And number five is X factor. And this really is the one of one thing about you, your special ability that you can add as an element or icing or a layer to the rest that makes you different from everyone else. Personality and vibe is the way you come across. The X factor is the thing about you that's different from everyone else. So these five elements combine together to create your signature style and unlock your creator moat. In this next era, it will not be enough to just make tech breakdowns or day- in the life gym videos. You're going to need to build a visual-driven aesthetic and a signature style that pops in someone's mind when they think of the topic category. Now, some creators already had a signature style and were good at this from the jump. That's why they grew so fast. But before, you didn't need to have it. Now, in the next era, Creator Moes' signature styles are going to become table stakes where if you don't have it, you just won't be able to cut through. Now, if you want me to make another video breaking down a bunch of the signature styles that I like across different categories and what the components are for how they make it up, let me know in the comments and I'll do that. All right. Now, here's social media trend number three. If I could go all in on a single concept for social media growth over the next 3 years, it would be this, a sticky personal brand. Because I think this framework is going to be the most important building block of marketing in the AI era. A sticky personal brand is one that implants in a viewer's mind so that they proactively seek it out again in the future. It's the difference between a viewer stumbling upon your video in the feed and remembering you verse them actively searching out because they want to hear your opinion on a topic. Here's the truth. In a world of noise, it's not just signal that matters. What matters is signal that sticks in the viewer's brain long enough to convert to their long-term memory so they remember to go back a second time. While creator modes are the framework for getting your content to feel signature and stand out, a sticky personal brand is the reason why a viewer remembers to go back in the future. It sticks in their head. And here's why this concept matters so much in the next era. In a world of AIdriven content, it will be much, much harder for someone to stumble upon your content on accident. I alluded to this metaphor in a previous video, but imagine it like this. Think of all creators on social media like little bodies walking around a giant warehouse floor. you, as the viewer, go up to the catwalk on the third level and look down to see all the creators walking around. Now, if I asked you to find the person in the red shirt, could you do it? You probably could, cuz there's only 100 people walking around. There's only a few wearing red at all. And so, you could easily pick that person out and zoom in. Today, stumbling upon someone on the social media feed is kind of like looking down at that warehouse and seeing the hundred people. If you scroll enough, you're going to see them because there's only a hundred people making content. But in the AI content world, there will be 10,000 people on the warehouse floor, hundreds of which are wearing different shades of red. You won't just be able to stumble upon a specific person as easily. If you're swiping, it will take 10,000 swipes just to find the right person. You have to actively be seeking them out. This is why having a sticky personal brand, or in other words, a shirt color that someone actively looks to remember is so important. The feeds are going to be full of amazing videos. So many good videos, it will boggle your mind. So, what you'll need is for fans to want to proactively seek you out and have a way to do so. The same way you look forward to watching your favorite TV show at 8:00 p.m. every Sunday. The act of getting people to seek will be the difference between winning and losing on social media in the future. So, your only job is to build a personal brand sticky enough so that viewers actually want to seek you out. And so, the question really is, how do you build a personal brand that is sticky? And how do you become such a mainstay in your category that viewers want to hear your opinion over everyone else's? And the answer is to build a cult-like personal brand. Now, I recently made a video deep diving on the full playbook for how to build a cult-like personal brand. And I'll link that video below. It's basically a step-by-step for exactly the type of content that you need to make in order to achieve this stickiness around your personal brand. But just know this, if you don't have a personal brand that people actively are seeking out, you're going to have trouble winning in the next era of social media. All right, the fourth social media trend I'm seeing is the shift from quality first to quantity first when it comes to content strategy. Now, there's an ongoing debate between creators about which content strategy is best. Should you focus on making more posts at a lower quality or should you focus on making fewer posts at a higher quality? It's the quantity versus quality debate. Some people claim that quality doesn't matter at all. You just post a ton of quantity and you're just guaranteed to win by law of math. Others claim that quality definitely matters and if you make less but have the time to increase the quality, you'll win more often and it'll be worth it. Now, this seems like a trivial debate, but this is one of those things that I feel the most people get stuck overthinking on. So, it's worth breaking down. Personally, I have flip-flopped on this several times, but I believe for the first time in a long time, we are shifting from a quantity first era to a quality first era when it comes to content strategy. Now, let me explain what I mean. Taking a quantity first approach, just making high volume works when you don't know which videos are going to go viral. If you truly don't know and you're just waiting for random luck to strike, then yes, higher quantity always makes sense cuz you'll get more winners sooner. Now, a quality first approach makes sense when you do know which videos are going to go viral. And if you know how to make something go viral, you just need a little bit more time to execute on it well, then taking a quality first approach with less reps is actually better. If that's you, your goal should be to make as many reps as you can, as long as they're above whatever the quality bar you know they have to be in order to work. Now, you may be thinking, how could someone know which videos are going to go viral? And the answer is, if you just remake the ones that have already worked, your hit rate is going to go up. And the truth is, for everyone using sand castles to basically find the winners faster, that's what they've been saying to me. Their hit rate's just gone way up because they're using a research-driven data first process to find winners to choose their ideas. Now, when I initially started making content, I bought into the quality first approach. Instead of making seven videos per week, I only made three, but I tried to make the quality better. I put more time in. And the reason I did that is because I was a perfectionist. I liked spending a lot of time on fewer things, and I really didn't want to make more videos. So, that was the narrative I told myself. But then, as I began to study social media more like a scientist, I realized that the right answer was actually quantity first. And that was because in that era, 2023, 2024, we were still in a supply and demand mismatch. there just wasn't enough good supply to meet the demand. So, me spending an incremental hour or two to go from 9 out of 10 quality to 10 out of 10 wasn't worth it. It'd be better if I just made two 9 out of 10 videos instead of one. But now, as we head into this AIdriven era of social media, I think we're shifting back to where quality first is the better strategy. And by this, what I really mean specifically is if you make any quantity that's below a minimum viable quality threshold, all of those videos are going to fail. So, it's not worth taking a quantity first strategy if that means you have to drop your quality down in order to get that volume out. Now, here's why I believe going forward in 2025 and beyond, quality first matters more. The feed is now full of really good content. There are a ton of good creators now making a ton of good videos. And this is only the beginning. As AI content gets better, I expect the amount of good videos to go up a thousandx in the next 3 years. This means that the average viewer is inundated with more and more good content. And so their baseline for what average is is slowly drifting up. If the baseline content was a 3 out of 10, well then as long as you beat the baseline, you could cut through. That baseline is now drifting from 3 to 4 to 5 to 6. and now it's up at 7 or 8 out of 10. People have seen so much good content that anything worse fails automatically. So, in order to have your content continue to cut through in the next era, it's either going to need to be exceptionally well-made, extremely unique, or both, or it's just going to flop automatically. The truth is, the average filler volume stuff did work in the past few years and has continued to work up until around now. Moving forward, it will not because the baseline is increasing. So, I don't care if you post 30 videos per week, 10 videos per week, or two videos per week. If they're below a 7 out of 10 quality, they're going to fail. The viewer's eye is just trained to filter out stuff that doesn't look as good as what the baseline is. Now, I'll say this. There is a time in your creator arc where quantity first makes sense as the right strategy. And that time is at the very beginning when your skills are at a zero. You need to close the gap from 0 out of 10 to 7 out of 10 quality. And the best way to close that gap is more quantity. So, here's what I recommend for most people. I'll say it super specifically so it eliminates all confusion. When you're starting out, you have zero content skills. That means your quality is a 0 out of 10 and your quantity is a 0 out of 10. In order to get any video to cut through, you have to get the quality up to a 7 out of 10. Anything below that will fail. Now, the best way to improve your quality skills up to a seven is to make a ton of quantity between zero and seven. The more quantity you make, the faster those skills increase, as long as you're learning between reps. I call this your learning era. The goal during the learning era is not to grow and hit bangers. It's to increase your skills up to a seven out of 10 so that you can enter the game. Now, when I say do as much quantity to get to 7 out of 10 quality, what do I mean? Do as much quantity means make as many videos as you can where you can learn between reps. If you make one video a week, your skills are going to develop 7 to 10 times slower than someone making a video every day. Now, when I say 7 out of 10 quality, what do I really mean? Because I understand the word quality is very subjective and fuzzy. 7 out of 10 is very subjective. What does that actually mean? If you were to line up 10 videos on the exact same topic, 1 to 10, are you at least the seventh, eth, ninth, or tenth best video? That's a 7 out of 10. What does this really mean in practice? If you think about the content workflow, idea, scripting, recording, editing, posting that workflow, are you doing all the things you think you can be doing from a tips and strategies perspective in each bucket? That is about a 7 out of 10. So, what I mean by that is, are you using some validated process to find ideas, or are you just picking random stuff? For scripting, are you using a storytelling framework and a hook framework that's proven to work, or you just picking random stuff? For editing, are you using a visual format that's proven to work, or you just picking random stuff? For recording, are you recording in a clean background that looks high quality with 4K footage, or are you just half-hazardly shooting some blurry thing with no background and poor lighting? Those are the table stakes that get you around 7 out of 10. Now, at seven out of 10, you will look at a creator that you really admire. Maybe it's me, maybe it's someone else, and you'll still notice a difference. That's okay. Those people are at nine or 10 out of 10, and you're at a seven. But if you're not doing those table stakes things, your quality is probably below a 7 out of 10, and you should be doing them. Now, once you feel like your quality on a single rep is at 7 out of 10, you're doing all the things you think you should, but you're still not sure why your stuff does not look like the creators you admire, good, you're at a 7 out of 10. Now, your job is to increase quantity up to one video per day while maintaining 7 out of 10 quality. Do not dip below 7 out of 10 quality cuz as we've mentioned, anything below that will fail immediately. Your goal is to figure out how can I get to one video per day at 7 out of 10 quantity. That's like metric benchmark number one. Now, once you get there and you get comfortable, you'll already be in the top 1 to 2% of creators. If you're making seven 7 out of 10 videos per week, you will crush. However, you'll want your video quality to be better. That's natural with every creator. So, you're going to want to go up from 7 to 9 out of 10. Now, when you do that, you're going to have to spend more time per rep trying to figure out those icing details. You're going to want to spend a couple more hours per video. When you do that, your quantity is going to drop from seven down to two or three per week. That's okay. You get your quality up to 9 out of 10, and then slowly you increase that quantity until you get to the point where you're making one video a day at 9 out of 10 quality. When you can get there, your videos will be almost indistinguishable from anyone else on the internet and your quantity will be outpacing them. That's how you win. The key difference with this whole section, my shift from quantity to quality is to say this. Anything below a 7 out of 10 quality will not work today and in the future. And so, if you were taking a quantity first 20 videos a week, super big volume approach, that's not going to work unless those videos are above a 7 out of 10 quality. All right, social media trend number five is the emergence of more testing when it comes to organic video content. We're entering an era where content scientists that can run micro tests and AB compare different things will outperform artists. We're shifting from artists to scientists. I've talked about this before. Now, the most important feature in this category that Instagram released in the last 12 months is called trial reels. And if you don't know what trial reels are, this is the most slept on social feature on the entire internet. Essentially, trial reels allows you to run concurrent tests of lookalike videos at the same time to nonfollowers. It's basically like Instagram letting you run free ads as much as you want. So, let's say you're making a video about Meta's new Ray-B band glasses. You spent a ton of time on this video, but you're just not sure if the hook you made is going to perform. And as we know, as soon as a viewer churns, nothing matters after that point. So, it's really important to dial the hook in. What you can do is make five different slight variations of the video. same exact body but five different hooks, whether it's what you say or the visuals you show. You can then post all five of these variations as different trial reels at the same time. Whichever one performs the best, you can then release that as the main one you post. Now, trial reels work so well because Instagram doesn't put those five trial reels on your profile. So, it's not like your grid is going to show the same video five different times. They also don't show those videos to people that already follow you. So, only strangers are seeing the different variations. It's a true ABCDE test. And it's honestly insane how few people talk about using trial reels because essentially what this allows you to do is test video hooks for free with zero risk. If you spend 4 hours making a video, well, it's worth spending an extra 30 minutes to film four additional hooks so that you can double or triple the output and make that effort worth it. This will help you have a much higher hit rate on your videos without having to remake a full other one. And if you think about it, that's really the goal of marketing. How do we get the most possible reach with the least possible effort? And if we can take actions to derisk that effort, even better. Now, if you think about it, all other forms of marketing have extensive testing built in natively. Most email marketing has A versus B versus C headline testing. Paid ads are basically one giant set of tests. You're running a ton of ads trying to see what works and double down. YouTube has A versus B vers thumbnail testing. But until trial reels, organic short form video really had no component where you could test without making a full video. You kind of just had to make the whole thing, post it, and then hope it works. So the takeaway is that I think this test first approach is going to come to organic video content more in the next few years. For example, imagine if you made a YouTube video like this, but you could upload three different CTAs that would automatically get slotted in and they could AB test the performance. Whichever one was best, that's the video that ended up getting released. I think we are not very far away from having a really robust testing process when it comes to organic video content. So for now, my tactical guidance to you if you're watching this video is this. If you make short form video on Instagram, you need to be using trial reels. It's a huge cheat code. All right, the last social trend number six is what I call R&D content teams. Over the past few years, we've quietly watched the emergence of an entire new class of content native marketers. These are people that grew up with social media and just default understand short form video, the algorithm, and attention. It is baked into their DNA. These people have learned over the past few years to become clippers, Tik Tok shop affiliates. A lot of them are making 20 to $50,000 per month just making short form videos from home. Now, here's where this gets interesting and why this is such a valuable trend. The future of Brand Social is going to be building pools of these cracked content natives that work as gun for hire mercenaries that can push any brand you want. Now, I've made a video in the past breaking down how brands are starting to build out these pools of creators. If you want that, I will link it below. But the truth is, brands on the forefront already have Discord and Slack communities full of these people that are upside helping crack the content code and feeding it to each other. In the future, every brand is going to have a head of content that spearheads the R&D. And if that person doesn't make content already and doesn't have at least 100,000 followers, they're the wrong hire. Once that person is in place, they will disseminate a strategy for how to activate these pods. They're testing feeding the pods. The pods are testing feeding them. And there's a recursive loop of learning over and over. Content is no longer a spoke of marketing. Content is the marketing flywheel. And everything else are just spokes that feed the content. So, if you're a CMO or a founder of a brand, this content pod strategy is going to become a critical piece of your marketing mix moving forward. It's so important that I believe brands are going to start hiring creator in residence positions that are these R&D savages that can run these pods. Now, if you're interested in me making another video for how brands should build out these content R&D pods, let me know and I can do that. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. We covered the six biggest social media trends that I see coming up over the next few years that you can take advantage of. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to bring new stuff every week that gives you a leg up on everyone else when it comes to the content game. If you're a business owner and you like this video, you like getting these tips, you like the way I break things down, you should definitely join Wavy World. It's my free community specifically for entrepreneurs, we've got 65 free tutorials and trainings just like this in there that are sequenced so that you can improve your content the fastest. We have 33,000 entrepreneurs that are all helping each other improve their content. It's really a great community and it's better than most paid programs that people have. So, if you want to join that for free, I've got a link in the description below. We will see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HarrisonAbraham-l2d [1 likes]: Imagine a social media app with auto scroll but plays audios just like TikTok but waveform and wave videos 
Hello guys I want your feedback on such an app how would you feel with your headphones on and leave your phone in the bed room take your earbuds and listening to funny audio shorts , speeches or live streams as the app auto scrolls without the need of you holding your phone 

Please leave a comment
  2. @cc3822 [1 likes]: I have created a new platform. I started creating it back in 2014. I'm hoping people find it useful. Its going to be alot healthier than the garbbage thats out there.
  3. @Beirex: The irony that since US TikTok has happened, creators are bringing in less money than ever…
  4. @MariaG-rk2in: There hasn’t been a new social platform in forever!
  5. @kanikarawat3091: the “r&d content team” thing hit me. like cool, so now every small biz needs a lab AND a camera? also i’m not letting Gainsty become another dashboard i ignore.
  6. @SANKI44_5K: the trends you mentioned are spot on
  7. @ARYAN_BHAIYT: wasn't expecting that insight tbh
  8. @kevimcarrion2656: whoa new platforms? this is wild
  9. @nihithareddy9768: i gotta check out sandcastles for real
  10. @shilpyjaman: this is wild, can't wait to see what's next
  11. @subscriber1k-y5v: i feel like i need to start prepping for this
  12. @Kapil-n4d1g: lowkey loved your take on the trends 👍
  13. @khosaBaloch-e1w: whoa didn't expect new platforms to pop up so soon
  14. @SmileSmile-c9f1h: the “r&d content team” thing hit me. like cool, so now every small biz needs a lab AND a camera? also i’m not letting Gainsty become another dashboard i ignore.
  15. @mabe7368: This "us tiktok" thing, for me, as an european..... it even sounds orwellian.... scary. Controlled feed, the gov would be able to tweak it to their advantage. Damn, the mass manipuation is going heavy with this one.
  16. @impulzask: Im building something what is gonna change how SM works :) come to this comment in 2 years
  17. @dbluefactory: What is it with these content creators today, copying each others idiotic hand gestures. Just stop it will you?!?!
  18. @dbluefactory: Would you stop with the annoying hand gestures, its not authentic!!
  19. @RCShaft: Well defined the future of content creators , thank you so much 👌🔥🔥
  20. @lukemayer4753: Nope. This was click bait

- Top 6 AI Trends That Will Define 2026 (backed by data): Kind: captions Language: en Here are the six AI trends that will matter most in 2026. This list is based on daily research and reports from institutions like McKenzie, OpenAI, Stanford, [music] and from analysts who are much more knowledgeable than myself. In other words, don't blame me if they get it wrong. For each trend, I'll first start with a big picture, then move on to the actionable takeaways so that by the end, you have a clear sense of where AI is heading and what to [music] do about it. Let's get started. Kicking things off with trend number one. Models don't matter much anymore. For the past few years, every new model released sparked debate about the best AI, and for good reason. The difference in quality between models was significant. In 2026, though, that choice is going to matter a lot less. Taking a look at the data, this graph from artificial analysis shows how the major AI models have improved over time. Notice the clustering in the top right corner. The models are still getting smarter in absolute terms, but the gap between them keeps shrinking, meaning no single model has a clear lead anymore. A Stanford study confirms this from another angle by comparing closed models like Gemini and Chachi BT against openw weight alternatives like Deep Seek and Llama. The trend is pretty clear. Models that are free to run are now approaching frontier performance and performance is only half the story. The cost matters as well. Data from Epoch AI shows that using powerful models has become drastically cheaper and one of the reasons is because hardware is getting more efficient. For perspective, Nvidia's latest chips uses 105,000 times less energy per token than they did 10 years ago. So, what does this mean for us? In plain English, when things get cheaper and more similar, they become more like commodities. You don't ask who provides the best electricity, right? You ask what can I use the electricity for? And because of this, the competition is shifting from the AI model itself to the way we actually use it, aka the app layer. Just think about cars. Once the engine becomes standardized, the focus shifts to the features and the design. This creates an interesting dynamic for each of the frontier AI labs. For example, OpenAI has a mind share advantage because ChachiBT is synonymous with AI and has the largest market share. Google has a distribution advantage because Gemini is already embedded across its existing products like search, Gmail, and Android. Anthropic has a specialization advantage given its loyal customer base in developers and enterprise customers. Notice what's missing from that list. None of them are winning because they have the best AI. The competition has moved beyond raw power to reach, integration, and trust. The practical takeaway here is to stop obsessing over technical scores and instead focus on how they fit into your actual work. For example, if you live in Google Workspace, Gemini's deep integration with all of Google's apps gives it an edge that has nothing to do with raw intelligence. By the way, I'll link all the sources I mentioned today down below so you can check them out for yourself. Trend number two, 2026 is the year of AI workflows, not AI agents. If you spend any time on Twitter or LinkedIn, you've probably noticed the industry jump from chat bots straight to autonomous agents and completely skip the middle step where the actual value is being unlocked, AI workflows. And the numbers prove this. According to McKenzie, no more than 10% of organizations in any given business function report scaling true agents. Meanwhile, we see from OpenAI's enterprise report that 20% of enterprise AI use is already happening through workflow specific tools like custom GBTs and projects. [music] This gap tells you the market has voted for workflows, not autonomy. And we're seeing this play out across industries. A pharma company redesigned their clinical study workflow by using AI to analyze raw clinical data while humans focus on validation leading to 60% less prep time and 50% fewer errors. A utility company redesigned their call center workflow where AI handles authentication and routine inquiries cutting cost per call by 50% while increasing satisfaction scores by 6%. A bank redesigned their code migration workflow where AI scans legacy code and generates updated versions for developers to verify, cutting the required human hours by 50%. Andre Kaparthi sums it up perfectly, calling everything an agent creates unrealistic expectations and confusion. Fully autonomous AI still faces massive hurdles like data security. So, we're looking at the decade of agents, not the year. >> I was triggered by that because I feel like there's some overpredictions going on in the industry. And uh in my mind this is really a lot more accurately described as the decade of agents. >> Meanwhile, by integrating something like custom GBTS into an existing workflow, we've essentially created an agent light which is much more reliable at producing consistent results. To really ram this point home, McKenzie predicts that redesigning workflows will unlock nearly $3 trillion in economic value by 2030. And more importantly, these organizations will have the muscle memory to adopt true AI agents faster when they finally arrive. So here's your practical takeaway. Your goal for 2026 is to turn your successful prompts into repeatable workflows. And this is something I've talked about in other videos. Pick one recurring deliverable you produce, like a weekly report. Break it into steps and let AI handle the predictable parts. Keep yourself in the loop for the final judgment calls. That structure is what creates true reliability. Side note, I'm actually developing an entire course around evergreen AI skills to give you a future proof framework that never becomes obsolete. If you're interested in learning a practical and timeless AI system, click the link below to join the wait list. Trend number three, the end of the technical divide. When I was at Google, non-technical teams like sales and marketing had to rely on specialist teams to help them build stuff like dashboards. And I'm not someone who holds grudges, but a lot of my requests were depprioritized because they were too low impact and my clients weren't key accounts, but no, I'm over it. Anyways, in 2026, that's going to happen a lot less. The numbers backing this are honestly kind of insane. According to Open Eyes latest report, 75% of enterprise users reported using AI to complete tasks they literally could not do before. Not just doing old tasks faster, they're doing entirely new things. For example, coding related messages from non-technical employees grew 36% in just 6 months. These are salespeople, marketers, and operations managers writing scripts, automating spreadsheets, and building internal tools. A study from MIT confirms this. AI acts as an equalizer, disproportionately helping workers with lower technical skills close the performance gap with [music] experts. Here's what all this means for your career. If your value is purely technical, aka you're the dashboard person, then your competitive advantage is shrinking because the marketing manager who used to wait in your queue can now do it themselves. [music] But if you are that marketing manager or the salesperson who deeply understands their clients, then this is the biggest opportunity of your career because the technical barrier that stood between your expertise and your execution is now gone. Here's your practical takeaway. Attempt one impossible task this month. Identify a technical project you usually outsource like building a dashboard, cleaning a messy data set, or automating a report and try doing it yourself using Gemini Cloud or Cashibbt. You'll be surprised by what you can now pull off alone. Moving on to trend number four, from prompting to context. One of my most popular videos is this one teaching you how to prompt because as we all know, if we don't phrase our request well, we get a bad result from AI. Unfortunately for me, that video is going to matter a lot less in 2026 because new models have gotten so much better at understanding vague instructions. However, they still have one massive weakness I call the fact gap. While models know almost everything on the public internet from Shakespeare to Python code, they know nothing about your Q3 goals, your brand guidelines, or that email your boss sent yesterday. It's like having a brilliant employee who technically knows how to complete tasks, but isn't allowed to look at any company files. they're still going to fail, right? Because they lack context. At least that's what I told my boss during my first internship. It's the exact same thing with AI. The focus has shifted from how we ask the wording to what we give it, the context. And this explains the platform wars we're seeing right now. Google, Microsoft, and others are racing to embed AI into their productivity suites because whoever holds your context, your emails, your docs, your calendar, holds your attention. This is also how they'll trap you with platform lockin. The more context you build up in one ecosystem, the smarter the AI is for you and the harder it becomes to switch. There are two practical takeaways here and the non-productivity people are going to hate this. First, file management is no longer optional. To get value from AI, you need some sort of system to keep your files organized and clearly named. If your work is scattered in random, unnamed folders, you can't point the AI to it. Second, audit where your information lives. If it's spread across three or four different platforms, you need to consolidate. If your resume lives in Google Drive, but the job description and interview notes are stored in Notion, neither Gemini nor Notion AI can help with interview prep, you end up doing the synthesis manually, which leads to more friction and defeats the whole purpose. So, as a rule of thumb, prompting still matters, but it's more important to ask yourself, does the AI have the files it needs to know what I'm talking about? Trend number five, advertising is coming to chat bots, and it's not all bad. First of all, please don't shoot the messenger on this one. Hear me out. At this point, it's basically been confirmed that ads are coming to CHACHBT in 2026. So, instead of debating if it will happen, let's talk about the implications. Imagine a world where advertising never comes to chatbots. In that reality, the best AI models stay locked behind expensive subscriptions, creating a wealth gap, where only those who can pay have access to the best tools, while everyone else is left with an inferior version. Over time, this creates a compounding advantage. The wealthy use powerful AI to get wealthier while everyone else falls further behind. Kind of reminds me of something I just can't put my finger on. It think of it like YouTube. Imagine if you couldn't watch videos from the top creators unless you pay for YouTube Premium. That is where AI is headed without an ad supported tier. Now that we know ads are inevitable and that I'm not to blame for this, uh the thing to watch is what format those ads will take because it's going to look very different from the search ads we're currently used to. For example, industry expert Eric Sufer predicts chatbot ads will not be tied to our specific questions because if an AI recommended a product directly in its answer, we wouldn't trust it. Instead, the ad will probably look like standard display banners that stay separate from your actual conversation. Sort of like the banner ads we see on websites today. So, here's the bottom line. I don't like ads. You don't like ads. Nobody likes ads. But it's the ad revenue that makes it possible for companies to offer their best models to students in developing countries, nonprofits, and casual users who can't afford another monthly bill. Trend number six, from chatbots to robots. Everything we've covered so far has focused on AI as software. But in 2026, that software is going to appear even more in the physical world as physical agents who can move on their own. The numbers show this is already happening. Exhibit A, Whimo. Their autonomous taxi service has now logged over 100 million fully autonomous miles and are involved in 96% fewer crashes than human drivers. Exhibit B, Amazon. Their AI enabled warehouse robots have cut the time from order to shipping by 78%. Exhibit C, China. As early as 2023, China had deployed more industrial robots than the US and the rest of the world combined. Now, there is one caveat to all this. Humanoid robots are still mostly hype. MIT robotics professor Rodney Brooks estimates that we are at least 15 years away from seeing functional humanoid robots in our daily lives. The real shift is what analyst Mary Miker calls AI turning capital assets into software endpoints. And here's what that means in plain English. A car, a tractor, or warehouse robot used to be a depreciating asset, which means it loses value as time goes on. Right now, these machines are becoming platforms that improve over time through software updates, exactly like our phones. A Whimo car today is actually safer and smarter than it was 2 years ago, even if the physical vehicle hasn't changed. So, what does all this mean for us? In a nutshell, while the headlines are focusing on white collar disruption for now, this trend suggests that blue collar work will also be disrupted, but over a much longer time horizon. On a more positive note, I want to leave you with something Ethan Mollik said. He's a professor at Wharton, and this is something I really believe in. His research on what he calls the jagged frontier of AI shows that right now we are in a unique window where expertise is being reset thanks to AI. And precisely because things are messy and undefined right now, there are no experts who know everything already. You just need to be willing to learn faster than the person next to you. That is how you win in 2026. Stop worrying about developing a perfect plan to learn AI and instead just get started. I'd love to hear your thoughts on these trends, so drop them down below. Check out this practical guide on Google Gemini next. See you on the next video. In the meantime, have a great one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffSu [38 likes]: My Essential Power Prompts: https://www.notion.com/templates/essential-power-prompts-jeff-su

TIMESTAMPS
00:00 Top 6 AI Trends That Will Define 2026
00:24 Trend 1: Models Won’t Matter Much Anymore
02:55 Trend 2: Year of AI Workflows, NOT AI Agents
05:33 Trend 3: The End of the Technical Divide
07:13 Trend 4: The Rise of Context Engineering
09:12 Trend 5: Advertising Comes to Chatbots
10:46 Trend 6: From Chatbots to Robots
  2. @nidyajeyapaul2673 [1 likes]: you are awesome, Jeff
  3. @gibsonhenry-e2b: Really loved this! The tips on strengthening memory and concentration feel genuinely practical and doable. Simple habits like mindful focus practice, good rest, and tracking small wins have truly helped me stay sharp and attentive in my daily tasks — thank you for sharing this!
  4. @Christiana-J: me slowly catching up on Jeff's AI content be like: 📝🧠
  5. @evelienmatthys: What's in the Epstein files 😁
  6. @Kirstel: The trend that's compounding underneath these six: enterprise procurement cycles haven't caught up to model release cycles. Buyers are evaluating on Q1 capabilities, signing in Q3, deploying on Q4 models. Whoever fixes that gap eats the category.
  7. @zircontweezers: These are backed by opinion. If you really want us to believe your predictions, why not spell them out specifically and then when they don't come true, you make a LARGE, donation to charity? Predictions are clickbait!
  8. @NIRAMIJagan: interesting points, especially the data part
  9. @foysalgazi7674: wow i didn't know ai was evolving so fast
  10. @imranmunibkhan: the future is wild can't wait to see this
  11. @Hhjjjknvvvk: this is eye opening, thanks for sharing
  12. @Zc100break: When you say “workflows,” are you assuming human-in-the-loop by default? That’s basically how I use NanoGPT, checkpoints beat unattended agents every time.
  13. @kevin_brown_dc3423: This video was great. Thank you.
  14. @frantisek9929: Really interesting breakdown, Jeff! I especially appreciated the data you presented on the growth of AI agents – the projected market size by 2026 is staggering. I'm curious to see how the ethical considerations surrounding those agents will evolve alongside their capabilities.
  15. @ebenlazarsmith8006: great video, i'm getting started now. how can I leverage to get wealthy?
  16. @keyinsightsvision: Definitely looking from outside to inside. While there are some merit to what is presented, some things are just still far from the truth. For instance with Marketing manager closed the technical gap, while this is true since there is more visibility with AI tools, it didn’t replace SME. Because SME are now writing md files for AI tools consume the information so sharing mechanisms has changed but it didn’t replace SME. Also, it’s dangerous for this mindset as they have more access to the dataset but they are not the technical experts. So they can make a certain judgement that they have no background in.
  17. @AIOptimizer: Stanford's AI Index 2026 confirms the trends you covered — enterprise AI adoption ROI is now averaging 3.7x within 18 months, which explains why the deployment curve went vertical post-2024.
  18. @CreatorsadSad-s3p: wow 2026 is gonna be wild for ai
  19. @3brothersfun: The “AI in physical environments” trend made me think. Offline tools like Maskline App seem safer when sensors and context get involved.
  20. @RajuRaju-en3tx: this is so cool, I had no idea about these trends

- How To Become A Full Time Trader with Jack Schwager: Kind: captions Language: en-GB A lot of people who shouldn't be in trading, you&nbsp; know, get into trading. What I have found is the&nbsp;&nbsp; good traders understand that they're going to&nbsp; lose money and they're going to make mistakes.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the separating feature is Jack Schwagger is a&nbsp; trader, fund manager, and worldrenowned author of&nbsp;&nbsp; the best-selling Market Wizard series. His books&nbsp; have sold millions of copies, and he's impacted&nbsp;&nbsp; tens of millions of traders across the globe.&nbsp; He's been described as one of the most gifted&nbsp;&nbsp; investment authors on the planet. He spent decades&nbsp; interviewing the world's most successful traders,&nbsp;&nbsp; including Ray Dalio and Stanley Ducken Miller, and&nbsp; has discovered the secrets to profitable trading.&nbsp;&nbsp; One interesting trader I interviewed recently,&nbsp; of course, they accept that any style of trading&nbsp;&nbsp; can work. One thing they said is what has more&nbsp; edge is the short-term trade. Across the books,&nbsp;&nbsp; did you ever find that was the case? There are&nbsp; certainly traits that professional traders might&nbsp;&nbsp; use which contribute greatly to their success.&nbsp; Beginning traders will make mistakes because&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't have the experience. It will lead&nbsp; to behavior which is not conducive to winning&nbsp;&nbsp; in the markets. One of the main lessons I&nbsp; try to get across to readers is you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to find your own approach. Too many people go&nbsp; into trading, they're looking for someone to&nbsp;&nbsp; hand it on a silver platter like a cookbook&nbsp; recipe. That's not going to work because the number one podcast in the trading space,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fastest growing, and that's&nbsp; thanks to every single one of you. Before we get into this episode, guys, I just&nbsp; want to say one thing. This is Jack Schweger,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Jack Schweger, the author of Market Wizards,&nbsp; who has spoken to some of the most incredible&nbsp;&nbsp; traders across the world. We're talking Ray&nbsp; Dallio, Stanley Ducker Miller. We're talking&nbsp;&nbsp; some incredible traders, heavy hitters, and he is&nbsp; a huge inspiration of mine for the whole podcast&nbsp;&nbsp; as a whole, let alone when we went verified, was&nbsp; thanks to me sitting down with Jack the first&nbsp;&nbsp; time. So, thank you all for your huge support on&nbsp; that episode, but make sure you hit subscribe and&nbsp;&nbsp; hit like for Jack coming back on the channel and&nbsp; sharing so much wisdom on the correlating factors&nbsp;&nbsp; across the profitable traders he's interviewed and&nbsp; insights into what's coming next for Jack as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's get into this episode. Welcome everyone back&nbsp; to the Words of Wisdom podcast. We are back once&nbsp;&nbsp; again and we're still on the huge US tour which&nbsp; is sponsored by Tradezella. They've helped us to&nbsp;&nbsp; make this happen. But there's also another man&nbsp; who's helped us to make this happen actually who&nbsp;&nbsp; is with us today. We're here in Denver. He's been&nbsp; on the podcast before. A huge inspiration for the&nbsp;&nbsp; change that we made in terms of only having&nbsp; verified traders on the podcast. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; the worldrenowned Market Wizard series and&nbsp; after speaking with a lot of verified traders,&nbsp;&nbsp; loads of them, if not all of them, almost started&nbsp; their career watching the one and only Market&nbsp;&nbsp; Wizards. And we are joined and have the honor&nbsp; once again to host Jack Schwer. Hey, I'm glad to&nbsp;&nbsp; be here again with you. My pleasure. My absolute&nbsp; pleasure, Jack. And again, a huge thank you just&nbsp;&nbsp; to go off what I just said there in terms of uh&nbsp; you know, helping us put us in touch with a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of the traders in the Market Wizard series who now&nbsp; are hosting throughout this series. Very excited&nbsp;&nbsp; to get to Peter Brandt. I know he has a lot of uh&nbsp; opinions on on the sort of space at the moment and&nbsp;&nbsp; the sort of funding spaces we're seeing. So, I'm&nbsp; very excited for that conversation. But a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you uh cuz off the back of our last podcast&nbsp; is when we really made the the change and and it&nbsp;&nbsp; opened our mindset. We had a very limiting belief&nbsp; or at least myself had a very limiting belief of&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking to professional traders and and uh you&nbsp; know verifying traders but after our podcast you&nbsp;&nbsp; know it was a it was a shift that we made.&nbsp; Well I'm glad I could influence that. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely. And it kind of leads me to the first&nbsp; question. a little bit of a selfish question, but&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of when you're verifying traders for your&nbsp; for your book series, what does that look like? Is&nbsp;&nbsp; it purely P&L? Is there other factors that you&nbsp; look at? Well, you know, well, P&L is is the&nbsp;&nbsp; essential, you know, that's the first the first&nbsp; step. Uh, and how to verify P&L will vary. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; typically and the easiest way and the best way&nbsp; is brokerage statements. And when that's doable,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's fine. gets more difficult if you have a&nbsp; prop trader where the prop firm won't release&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Uh you know when they they'll never release&nbsp; it. So you know forget you know if if the track&nbsp;&nbsp; if for a large part of the track record is prop&nbsp; you won't get it. Uh so but you still have to&nbsp;&nbsp; you maybe get part of the track track record&nbsp; if they're are doing it independently then and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also know from speaking to people that&nbsp; the person is legitimate. Uh there can be some&nbsp;&nbsp; unusual circumstances like where I had no track&nbsp; record. Um that's very unusual but that's a good&nbsp;&nbsp; example perfect example of that was uh Balademus&nbsp; who was um in hedge fund market wizards. He was&nbsp;&nbsp; a prop trader for First New York and First New&nbsp; York will not give you anything. Uh but my son&nbsp;&nbsp; was his assistant trader you know his his trading&nbsp; assistant. So my my son told me you know hey dad&nbsp;&nbsp; you wouldn't believe this you know this guy you&nbsp; know. So, and I knew for my son that he was one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the top traders at the firm and had been there&nbsp; for a long time and that's why I did it. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; would have been one which I could never have&nbsp; done otherwise because his methodology was was&nbsp;&nbsp; ridiculous. I mean, and I I the first line of that&nbsp; chapter I believe was pe uh was Jimmy Malademus&nbsp;&nbsp; breaks all the rules and he does. And uh my first&nbsp; line of the uh summary of that chapter was don't&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm paraphrasing but it was some variation of&nbsp; don't try this at home. Uh but again I knew he was&nbsp;&nbsp; somehow using this crazy method of just fighting&nbsp; the market. Yeah. Was still made a lot of money.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's incredible from the very few verified traders&nbsp; and uh professional traders that I've managed to&nbsp;&nbsp; interview so far just how the general rules that&nbsp; we hear, the golden rules of trading that the the&nbsp;&nbsp; average independent retail trader hears about&nbsp; doesn't seem to be applied a lot of the time by&nbsp;&nbsp; these verified professional traders. It depending&nbsp; on the rules. It's not all the rules are out the&nbsp;&nbsp; window. Maybe with this one it was, but it could&nbsp; be in terms of sometimes no stops, sometimes the&nbsp;&nbsp; the risk sizing that we talked about last time.&nbsp; um whether it's trading the news for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's so interesting how there's such a difference&nbsp; and it might come back to very similar to what we&nbsp;&nbsp; touched on last time when we talked about the the&nbsp; dynamic risk conversation and what we I remember&nbsp;&nbsp; what you you know quite brilliantly said is the&nbsp; difference between a beginner trader and the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules they should follow versus a more advanced&nbsp; and professional trader and I had a conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; recently with someone who said like you know&nbsp; one thing that's an issue with content in in the&nbsp;&nbsp; trading space is no disclaimers on who this advice&nbsp; is for. Very similar to what we talked about,&nbsp;&nbsp; like this advice is probably more applied to a&nbsp; beginner trader versus an advanced trader. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I found that that kind of opened my eyes quite a&nbsp; lot because as someone who runs the podcast, it&nbsp;&nbsp; happens quite easily through a conversation where&nbsp; we're, you know, talking about different advice,&nbsp;&nbsp; different tips, different things that have helped&nbsp; a trader, but we're not doing is sort of isolating&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's for a beginner, for an advanced, and so&nbsp; on. Have you found that's a a very similar case?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, there are there are certainly uh traits&nbsp; that u professional traders might might use which&nbsp;&nbsp; contribute greatly to their success which would&nbsp; be probably inadvisable for a beginning trader. So&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody like Stanley Ducken Miller um who cites&nbsp; for this uh the inspiration he had from working&nbsp;&nbsp; with Soros getting uh to the point where if he&nbsp; was really confident on a trade just stepping on&nbsp;&nbsp; the accelerator and just really going really big&nbsp; uh in those trades and I mean of course there are&nbsp;&nbsp; like the famous trades the the British pound.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. Um but but Drug Miller had his own&nbsp;&nbsp; trades that like the D market other ones which put&nbsp; on a very you know billions of dollars size and&nbsp;&nbsp; um that doing that is probably inadvisable&nbsp; for a beginning trader because they have no&nbsp;&nbsp; right to have the confidence to do that and&nbsp; if they're wrong they they could basically&nbsp;&nbsp; blow up the account. So that's a good example of&nbsp; something that would apply to a really experienced&nbsp;&nbsp; confident trader versus a beginning trader.&nbsp; No, definitely definitely and I think it's uh&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very interesting to see how that develops&nbsp; and changes. Do you feel like a lot of traders&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately they hear the stories let's say&nbsp; of Stanley Dick Miller and that particular trade&nbsp;&nbsp; and they it might not just be that prime example&nbsp; but other traders out there as well who are more&nbsp;&nbsp; professional more advanced have that experience&nbsp; but yet are trying to mirror what they're doing as&nbsp;&nbsp; a beginner trader and therefore the results aren't&nbsp; showing that and it can almost uh kind of hold&nbsp;&nbsp; them back to a degree. Um don't know if that's&nbsp; the case. Um what I have experienced speaking&nbsp;&nbsp; to people who read the books um is when they say&nbsp; you know who I really found I could really relate&nbsp;&nbsp; to it's always a different person. Yeah. So um it&nbsp; just tells me that people will can read any of the&nbsp;&nbsp; books and they'll latch on to one or two that&nbsp; really resonate. Yeah. So that's more of what&nbsp;&nbsp; I've I found. Perfect. No. Perfect. And I just&nbsp; want to I I know I said it near the beginning,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'll just say again like a huge thank you&nbsp; to you for all the work that you've done and&nbsp;&nbsp; the I don't know if I know you know how much of an&nbsp; impact you probably had to a degree, but literally&nbsp;&nbsp; I cannot tell you the amount of professional&nbsp; traders and and sort of really high level seven,&nbsp;&nbsp; eight, nine figure verified traders who near the&nbsp; start of their career really emphasize how much&nbsp;&nbsp; market wizards help them get into the industry.&nbsp; Yeah. I honestly I' I've found the same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; because as I've written the later books, um it's&nbsp; almost like everybody I ask for an interview would&nbsp;&nbsp; have read Yeah. you know, one of the earlier&nbsp; books and and in many cases or a number of&nbsp;&nbsp; cases literally got into the business out of the&nbsp; influence of the books. Yeah. It's absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; incredible just how powerful that notion was of&nbsp; of interviewing and taking that time out to do so&nbsp;&nbsp; and doing in a way as well when reading the books&nbsp; in a way where you really do take away stuff and&nbsp;&nbsp; you really are engaged cuz no doubt you know with&nbsp; video it might be slightly easier to keep people&nbsp;&nbsp; engaged while with the written format I'm sure&nbsp; there are slight more difficulties to do so but&nbsp;&nbsp; you've done it in such a way because I remember&nbsp; when I read the book I was engaged and I'm I have&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm someone who has a very bad attention span&nbsp; um but I would love I loved reading through it&nbsp;&nbsp; and and moving on to the next chapter and I don't&nbsp; know was there a particular style of writing that&nbsp;&nbsp; you had to develop? Well, it's it's ironic that&nbsp; you say that this medium is makes it easier. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually this is more difficult really. Um well,&nbsp; it works in probably as long as you're watching it&nbsp;&nbsp; or listening. But if you were to transcribe it, it&nbsp; wouldn't read well at all. Yeah. So, my advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; is when I do the interviews and they they can tend&nbsp; to they can be quite long. I mean, you mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; you could have interviewed Peter Brand. Literally,&nbsp; Peter and I I was there for two days. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, and we we must have it must have been like&nbsp; 12 hours of of tape interview. So, I mean, that&nbsp;&nbsp; gets boiled down into what you see. So, I have the&nbsp; advantage of being able to pick the best and and&nbsp;&nbsp; reshape it and reorder it so it flows logically.&nbsp; So, it's it at least in the written form,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a big advantage relative to a transcription&nbsp; of a conversation. Let's take a break for a minute&nbsp;&nbsp; there, guys, because I want to tell you about our&nbsp; incredible sponsor, Alpha Prime, the first of its&nbsp;&nbsp; kind in the industry. Now, evaluation firms have&nbsp; been in the industry for the last few years and&nbsp;&nbsp; done absolutely phenomenal in terms of its impact&nbsp; for traders. As you can see here, through Alpha&nbsp;&nbsp; Capital and Futures, so many payouts to so many&nbsp; traders across the world. But now for the first&nbsp;&nbsp; time there is an incredible route for traders to&nbsp; become professionals and to trade live capital and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's through Alpha Prime. So let me quickly tell&nbsp; you how it works. You can just buy a challenge on&nbsp;&nbsp; Alpha Capital, Alpha Futures. Doesn't matter&nbsp; which one. So Alpha Capital you have phase 1,&nbsp;&nbsp; phase 2, phase three challenges. On Alpha Futures&nbsp; you have standard and advanced plans. Whichever&nbsp;&nbsp; one purchase a challenge, show consistency, build&nbsp; your track record and then you can be invited to&nbsp;&nbsp; Alpha Prime. Alpha Prime, you will get access&nbsp; to live capital. You will get access to risk&nbsp;&nbsp; management and resources at a professional level.&nbsp; You will have a salary as a trader and access to&nbsp;&nbsp; trade on live trading floors starting here in&nbsp; London. This is the first of its kind where a&nbsp;&nbsp; evaluation firm is finding talented traders and&nbsp; then backing them with live capital and creating&nbsp;&nbsp; a route to professional trading. I am very proud&nbsp; to be sponsored by Alpha Prime. The links for both&nbsp;&nbsp; will be in the description below. Alpha Capital&nbsp; and Alpha Futures. Use the code RZ for 20% off&nbsp;&nbsp; all challenges. Link is in the description below.&nbsp; Now, let's get back to the episode. Did you find&nbsp;&nbsp; it interesting just how many differences,&nbsp; how different a lot of the traders were,&nbsp;&nbsp; if not all of them, and how unique their trading&nbsp; styles were and what their processes would be.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, that's always that's I realized that from&nbsp; the very first book and um that's been true every&nbsp;&nbsp; book afterwards is that everybody finds their own&nbsp; approach and they're all different. Uh you might&nbsp;&nbsp; there may be a couple of times with a couple&nbsp; of traders where okay they're similar but out&nbsp;&nbsp; of the 75 traders in the books or whatever um you&nbsp; know for the most part they're different they're&nbsp;&nbsp; different approaches. Do you find that that is&nbsp; a really good message to traders out there to&nbsp;&nbsp; really find what works for them versus trying to&nbsp; is obviously they can learn from others of course&nbsp;&nbsp; but also trying to find what works for them and&nbsp; and what their style can be and what their niche&nbsp;&nbsp; can be. Yeah, that's one of the main lessons I try&nbsp; to to to get across to readers is you have to find&nbsp;&nbsp; your own approach. Um, you know, too many people&nbsp; go in go into trading and they they're looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody to hand it to them on a silver platter,&nbsp; you know, you know, do like a rest like a cookbook&nbsp;&nbsp; recipe and that's not going to work because&nbsp; whatever works for one person won't necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; work for the other person because they won't have&nbsp; the conviction. They won't have the experience in&nbsp;&nbsp; that particular approach. Uh the the approach&nbsp; may be countered their beliefs or whatever and&nbsp;&nbsp; uh it just gets messed up. And as a one quote&nbsp; I like is from Michael Marcus in the very first&nbsp;&nbsp; Wizards book. And for for those who haven't read&nbsp; it and are not familiar, Marcus is someone who&nbsp;&nbsp; who literally turned 30,000. This was a commodity&nbsp; corp was one of the very first very early on uh&nbsp;&nbsp; uh prop I guess kind of like a prop trading firm.&nbsp; And they gave him a $30,000 account and he made he&nbsp;&nbsp; made well I when I interviewed him it was you know&nbsp; he had made like 80 million plus out of that. Wow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um so that's Michael and he hired Bruce Coer who's&nbsp; who's probably Mark Marcus is only known because&nbsp;&nbsp; I interviewed he never interviewed anywhere else&nbsp; that I that I know of. But Bruce went on you know&nbsp;&nbsp; Bruce Cover is probably one of the most famous&nbsp; traders of of the past 40 years or whatever.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh now retired, but um Marcus said and the two&nbsp; of them Marcus hired governor and the two of&nbsp;&nbsp; them worked in the same office for a while. So&nbsp; yet probably the there probably has never been a&nbsp;&nbsp; pair of better traders in one office ever. And&nbsp; um he said you have to follow your own light.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you try to uh combine two traders will get the&nbsp; worst of both. And he's I know he's talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; himself and governor and you can't get two better&nbsp; traders, right? So the advice is that you really&nbsp;&nbsp; have to just have your own approach. Definitely.&nbsp; And how's it been to know that you've interviewed&nbsp;&nbsp; some of these traders very early on or sometimes&nbsp; in the middle of their careers and like Stanley&nbsp;&nbsp; Ducker for example who's still trading and reached&nbsp; even higher levels. You see him um you know giving&nbsp;&nbsp; talks at such prestigious events. you. How does&nbsp; it feel to know that you were able to document&nbsp;&nbsp; them? So, be part of their journey very early on,&nbsp; be able to see the the career continue thereafter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, Den Miller was already quite successful by&nbsp; the time I I interviewed him. Um, but of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; he went on for for another 20 years or now he's&nbsp; now he's recently for more recent years been&nbsp;&nbsp; managing his own money. Um but um I I I mean I&nbsp; feel privileged to have had the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; to interview all these you know people who became&nbsp; legends and and for good reason. Some of these&nbsp;&nbsp; traders do you find that because of the level of&nbsp; skill and success that they have that they end&nbsp;&nbsp; up having longer careers than the the average&nbsp; trader or do you actually some of them because&nbsp;&nbsp; of the success end up retiring short? I don't&nbsp; know that actually because I don't know what&nbsp;&nbsp; the average trader you know that's fair. Yeah. I&nbsp; just don't again can't answer that. I do find that&nbsp;&nbsp; um from my experience it depends on on the traders&nbsp; sort of passion from the markets itself because&nbsp;&nbsp; there are some traders who come into the markets&nbsp; and they're they enjoy the markets but they do&nbsp;&nbsp; have stronger passions elsewhere and therefore&nbsp; once they've created enough P&L and and and made&nbsp;&nbsp; enough money from the markets they tend to to sort&nbsp; of move on and what I found is the ones who really&nbsp;&nbsp; excel with the skill set but really have a strong&nbsp; that their strong passion is the markets itself&nbsp;&nbsp; and then then trading they tend to end up being&nbsp; the ones who will trade until they retire and&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of go that that length of time. Yeah. But but&nbsp; I know like I I'm sort of beginning as I mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; beginning sort of searching for traders for a new&nbsp; book and without mentioning but one of the people&nbsp;&nbsp; that that I I plan I include um actually had a&nbsp; very super successful career um and then and then&nbsp;&nbsp; quit because they want he wanted to to pursue&nbsp; philanthropy in a very hands-on way. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; fine. I mean he could have kept he could have kept&nbsp; on trading. Um, I'm thinking because that just&nbsp;&nbsp; pops into my mind as a perfect example of somebody&nbsp; stopping trading even at a point where they were&nbsp;&nbsp; still doing phenomenally well just because they&nbsp; I think I know who you're talking about. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we could talk about we could talk about&nbsp; it afterwards. Yeah. But just decided that&nbsp;&nbsp; that's they don't want to spend the rest of their&nbsp; life doing that. They want which I find admirable&nbsp;&nbsp; and actually is one of the reasons I wanted to&nbsp; interview. Of course. No, of course. And uh you&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's one thing that trading is regardless of&nbsp; how good you are, it's very taxing. It can be very&nbsp;&nbsp; taxing in terms of you know the the when the the&nbsp; market's hot and the opportunities are there. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can be very taxing on your health and and things&nbsp; like this. So you know that longevity can be very&nbsp;&nbsp; hard can be very hard and it's not like trading is&nbsp; a very active endeavor in terms of you're moving&nbsp;&nbsp; around etc. It's very much behind the desk.&nbsp; Although I would say that the the really good&nbsp;&nbsp; traders um where you and I may get really upset&nbsp; emotionally um they tend to pretty well have it&nbsp;&nbsp; under the control. It's not an aging process. It&nbsp; remains a game to them. And um uh I remember in&nbsp;&nbsp; my interview with uh with Paul Tudtor Jones um&nbsp; he cited as a as an example somebody look up to&nbsp;&nbsp; um a mentor was was Eli Tullis who was a cotton&nbsp; trader and he he talked about how he was in his&nbsp;&nbsp; office one day and it was a terrible you know he&nbsp; lost a lot of money and he had some guests come&nbsp;&nbsp; in and he was a jovial company and nobody said&nbsp; you would never know in a million is that he had&nbsp;&nbsp; a bad, you know, a horrible day. And that's what&nbsp; he found admirable is. So the really good traders,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not an aging process. They continue to&nbsp; do it because they really like it. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's as you said, like they treat it like a game,&nbsp; like the the challenge of the markets versus&nbsp;&nbsp; treating it like a an opponent in a sense. Yeah.&nbsp; Yeah. And like I mentioned Covenor before, he he&nbsp;&nbsp; talked about trading being a three-dimensional&nbsp; chess game. Yeah. Okay. Do you feel like in ter we&nbsp;&nbsp; talked about obviously the strategies being very&nbsp; different in terms of like routines, did you ever&nbsp;&nbsp; come across like a correlation at all across all&nbsp; the books where traders had a very strong routine&nbsp;&nbsp; um in terms of to help their performance as a&nbsp; trader or was that not the case? Some some have a&nbsp;&nbsp; routine, some don't. I don't think that's a common&nbsp; you know there there are certain traders who have&nbsp;&nbsp; a very very strong routine. I mean really really&nbsp; disciplined strong routine and other traders who&nbsp;&nbsp; have a methodology or a way they look at markets&nbsp; but it's I wouldn't call it so much a routine.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very interesting. So really it does come down to&nbsp; what works for the individual trader. Yeah. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; part of the style. It's part of the you know the&nbsp; approach. Definitely. And then one interesting uh&nbsp;&nbsp; trader I interviewed recently was really of course&nbsp; they accept that any style of trading can work but&nbsp;&nbsp; one thing they said is what has more edge is the&nbsp; short-term trading like short-term scalping and&nbsp;&nbsp; then short-term intraday trading across the books.&nbsp; Did you ever find that was the case in terms of&nbsp;&nbsp; having more edge or was it again just very No.&nbsp; In fact, you you can find traders who have argued&nbsp;&nbsp; just the opposite saying that especially like&nbsp; day trading has a will argue that has tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; disadvantage because your transaction cost and by&nbsp; transaction costs we're not talking commissions&nbsp;&nbsp; here so much especially now commissions being zero&nbsp; you know at least uh you know labeled as such uh&nbsp;&nbsp; or or very low but I mean the slippage because&nbsp; you're you're not on the right side of the bid&nbsp;&nbsp; aster spread bit ask spread going in or out. So uh&nbsp; and day trading the amount you can make per day is&nbsp;&nbsp; limited obviously because it's a day but your your&nbsp; in andout cost is the same as if you're holding a&nbsp;&nbsp; position for three months. So a lot quite a number&nbsp; of traders have would have ar would argue that&nbsp;&nbsp; quite the opposite that that day trading very&nbsp; short-term trading has a real disadvantage. Yet&nbsp;&nbsp; there are people I've interviewed who who you know&nbsp; basically are were day tra you know day trading or&nbsp;&nbsp; very short-term that did very well. No definitely&nbsp; definitely and in terms of what you're doing now I&nbsp;&nbsp; know that you're there's a company co-founder of&nbsp; funy. Yes. And you know what from my experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and just uh well I say from my experience from&nbsp; my research and and looking into it seems to gel&nbsp;&nbsp; quite well with obviously the the market wizard&nbsp; series and all the work that you've done and then&nbsp;&nbsp; coming into this new project being able to pair&nbsp; traders with performance of course with capital&nbsp;&nbsp; right right so the basic premise of fund seed and&nbsp; I should say right here that it wasn't my idea uh&nbsp;&nbsp; the idea it was Manuel Bolari who's the CEO and u&nbsp; he you know we we worked together our relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; goes back quite a number of years where I was&nbsp; a consultant to a fund at a firm he was at you&nbsp;&nbsp; know and uh he pitched me this this idea or the&nbsp; conference we were at and I said yeah you know&nbsp;&nbsp; it sounds pretty good and the idea is simply this&nbsp; um you have all these traders globally you know&nbsp;&nbsp; millions of traders glo globally right and sure&nbsp; a small percentage of them are are really good.&nbsp;&nbsp; But even if they're really good, if they're in&nbsp; some, you know, non- major country like, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the US or the UK, uh, and if they haven't gone&nbsp; to Princeton or, you know, similar types of&nbsp;&nbsp; universities, it's going to be very hard for them&nbsp; to get any, you know, break into the business,&nbsp;&nbsp; get into Hellcat. So you could have extremely good&nbsp; traders who have just zero chance of of uh of of&nbsp;&nbsp; getting any money, you know, if if they wanted to&nbsp; manage money. So you have that on that side and&nbsp;&nbsp; then on the investor side, investors basically all&nbsp; the money goes into the multi-billion dollar hedge&nbsp;&nbsp; funds and you know some crumbs go over to smaller&nbsp; hedge funds and individual traders forget it. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know, they they're just not getting anything.&nbsp; But a lot of the talent and is is in a smaller&nbsp;&nbsp; emerging uh traders and very often the best years&nbsp; these traders have are in their earlier years&nbsp;&nbsp; before they're managing lots and lots of money&nbsp; course and because nobody even the best traders&nbsp;&nbsp; if they go from managing uh I don't know just a&nbsp; few million or even even 50 million what but they&nbsp;&nbsp; go from that to managing multi you know tens of&nbsp; tens of billions you can't man you can't maintain&nbsp;&nbsp; that type performance and just impossible.&nbsp; So these smaller traders are an opportunity&nbsp;&nbsp; set and they offer uh the potential for great&nbsp; diversification. So from an investor standpoint,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a pool of talent which they couldn't find&nbsp; uh even if they were interested in but can be&nbsp;&nbsp; used to to diversify and and probably get better&nbsp; returns than with conventional larger hedge funds.&nbsp;&nbsp; So the idea was to create uh a platform where&nbsp; traders could link their accounts. Hence the&nbsp;&nbsp; ver again we come back to verification. Exactly.&nbsp; So that's the big deal. It's verified that the&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not the trader reporting their results is a&nbsp; trader linking their account. It's coming right&nbsp;&nbsp; from the broker. So so you know it's for real.&nbsp; So the now what what is a draw for traders is&nbsp;&nbsp; actually twofold. Of course. The big draw is or&nbsp; or the initial draw is we provide a platform that&nbsp;&nbsp; provides lots of analytics. So they can see you&nbsp; know their their equity curve uh underwater curve&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning showing all their draw downs. uh they&nbsp; can see all the all the stats uh from well-known&nbsp;&nbsp; popular ones to sharp to other ones which are&nbsp; maybe less less known but maybe more meaningful&nbsp;&nbsp; like like one that I like particularly the gain to&nbsp; pain ratio with lots of different stats and they&nbsp;&nbsp; can see how they rate relative to other traders&nbsp; on a platform um so they you know they can get a&nbsp;&nbsp; sense of how how good they're doing relative to&nbsp; peers in a Mhm. Uh also you can they can filter&nbsp;&nbsp; that by the type of strategy, the type of markets&nbsp; traded and so so forth. So you get a basically&nbsp;&nbsp; an analytical platform for free and because it's&nbsp; linked the account updates, you know, every day.&nbsp;&nbsp; So they don't have to go back in and like update&nbsp; their results and all that. It's automatic. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a free product. Why not? You know, if you&nbsp; get it's great, right? But the other thing is for&nbsp;&nbsp; those traders who really think that they have the&nbsp; skill and have a dream of wanting to manage money&nbsp;&nbsp; and particularly as is true in almost all cases&nbsp; don't have the avenue to to get that uh potential uh the opportunity to be discovered by being on&nbsp; the site. So uh and and anyway so that's from&nbsp;&nbsp; the trader side that's that's the the big draw you&nbsp; know you get free analytics and and this potential&nbsp;&nbsp; to to manage money um on and investor side that's&nbsp; a separate company there's fundseater technologies&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the the the platform and then there's&nbsp; you seed investments which is could be on the&nbsp;&nbsp; uh investor side now that came later and that is&nbsp; just getting started and uh there's a a fund that&nbsp;&nbsp; is just just as we speak has been set up um and&nbsp; um at the beginning of you know in January of of&nbsp;&nbsp; 2025 and just the broker um uh the broker accounts&nbsp; are being finalized you know so they can become&nbsp;&nbsp; activated but it's all set up and ready to go. So&nbsp; uh those those traders who were part of that fund&nbsp;&nbsp; you know are the first are the first examples&nbsp; of of traders signed up to fund cedar who have&nbsp;&nbsp; actually gotten allocations and we're just talking&nbsp; individual traders right not not hedge funds and&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff. So that's the benefits both on the investor&nbsp; side and and on the on the funds on the sorry&nbsp;&nbsp; the trader side and the investor side. Don't know&nbsp; where the market's going next? Stop worrying about&nbsp;&nbsp; your trading. Just get informed on exactly what's&nbsp; happening in the markets and what to expect. From&nbsp;&nbsp; Forex to futures to stocks to crypto, be on&nbsp; top of it all. That's why tens of thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; traders are subscribed to Market Journal, a free&nbsp; newsletter that allows traders to keep up to date&nbsp;&nbsp; with the markets every single week. Remember, an&nbsp; informed trader is a profitable trader. It doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; matter if Trump tweets, AI stocks are pumping, or&nbsp; if Bitcoin drops out of the sky. Market Journal&nbsp;&nbsp; has you covered. Join for free today using the&nbsp; link in the description below. Let's take a break&nbsp;&nbsp; for a minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell you&nbsp; about our sponsor, Tradezeller. Tradzella is the&nbsp;&nbsp; number one trading tool for all traders. Doesn't&nbsp; matter whether you're a crypto trader, a futures&nbsp;&nbsp; trader, or a forex trader, whatever trader you&nbsp; are, all you do is connect your trading platform&nbsp;&nbsp; directly with Tradzella. It automates and makes&nbsp; your trading journaling so easy. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; be a profitable trader, you need Trading Edge. And&nbsp; that is exactly what Tradella does. It allows you&nbsp;&nbsp; to identify edge, maintain your edge, and optimize&nbsp; your edge by automating your trade journaling,&nbsp;&nbsp; in-depth analytics, back testing, bar replay, and&nbsp; so much more. Now, W gets you 20% off your yearly&nbsp;&nbsp; subscription with Trade Zeller. So, use W for&nbsp; 20% off your yearly subscription or RZ 10 for&nbsp;&nbsp; 10% off your monthly subscription. The link&nbsp; is in the description below. Now, let's get&nbsp;&nbsp; back to this episode. Definitely. So, it's like&nbsp; a very cohesive relationship. Yeah. Oh, it's so&nbsp;&nbsp; symbiotic. It works for both sides. Incredible.&nbsp; No, and it's exactly your point. I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest point there, especially on the trader&nbsp; side, is understanding that, as you said, doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; matter where you are in the world. If you have&nbsp; the performance to be able to, you know, really&nbsp;&nbsp; perform well then and your only bottleneck really&nbsp; is then capital and being able to essentially,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, grow as a trader even further and really&nbsp; test your limits and see your potential. This can&nbsp;&nbsp; answer that. Yeah. And the traders could be all&nbsp; over. I mean they they can be in Eastern European&nbsp;&nbsp; countries, they could be you know anywhere&nbsp; anywhere right because that is a bottleneck&nbsp;&nbsp; as you said especially in in certain countries&nbsp; Asia, Africa, South America in particular. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the capital can be a real problem and but&nbsp; yet you can as you say there are in phenomenal&nbsp;&nbsp; traders and talent that is out there. there's&nbsp; just not many avenues for them to take advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; of currently maybe advant certain avenues that&nbsp; aren't very cohesive and symbiotic with the trader&nbsp;&nbsp; that they they are trying but this is a different&nbsp; avenue I really like it's quite a unique avenue&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah I'm not aware of anybody who's doing the same&nbsp; thing exactly no exactly and it kind of leads to&nbsp;&nbsp; a question to be fair that can relate to that as&nbsp; well which is when you originally did the market&nbsp;&nbsp; wizard series at that time as you mentioned that&nbsp; without having to go to print and without having&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a degree that is if you want to go down the&nbsp; professional route now to try and get capital and&nbsp;&nbsp; manage capital for example. Well, back then the&nbsp; the barrier to entry in a sense to be able to get&nbsp;&nbsp; into those sort of roles was a lot lower. Like you&nbsp; see traders who started obviously in a lower role&nbsp;&nbsp; but then managed to get into a position where&nbsp; they were managing capital and trading without&nbsp;&nbsp; any of the you know diplomas and so on right&nbsp; now that has changed. I I think that's true.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that's true and that's changed. How how&nbsp; good or bad would you say it is that the barrier&nbsp;&nbsp; to entry has gotten lower for the independent&nbsp; retail trader to get involved with trading,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the barrier to entry for the professional side&nbsp; has gotten so much higher and harder to be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to really get your foot in the door on that side&nbsp; of things, right? Yeah, that's true. And um well&nbsp;&nbsp; in a way it's that's good and bad the the the&nbsp; for retail trans because back when I first got&nbsp;&nbsp; into business commissions was like super high and&nbsp; um it was you know you of course you didn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; computer you you didn't have the computers and all&nbsp; that you know which um any research or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; would have been very expensive and data would have&nbsp; been very expensive and out of reach of of retail&nbsp;&nbsp; traders. Um now you know now there's a tremendous&nbsp; amount of data and and apps and whatever uh that&nbsp;&nbsp; and some of a lot of them even free exactly that&nbsp; that are available to retail traders. So it's&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming a lot easier in that way. Of course, at&nbsp; the same time, the professional traders and now&nbsp;&nbsp; you're dealing with competition that has, you&nbsp; know, there are quite a number of firms with&nbsp;&nbsp; literally hundreds of quants working, you know, I&nbsp; mean, so you're competing with a firm with through&nbsp;&nbsp; 300 math PhDs and physics PhDs and you know, that&nbsp; type of thing. So, uh, and supercomputing power&nbsp;&nbsp; and now of AI coming on stream and so forth. So&nbsp; it's um it's gotten advantages have gotten there&nbsp;&nbsp; for for both retail and professional. Yeah. Do&nbsp; you feel like the seeing the change observing&nbsp;&nbsp; the change within the industry do you feel like&nbsp; it's a it's a a net positive overall the access&nbsp;&nbsp; for retail traders to get in involved and as you&nbsp; say like the the technology you know when it comes&nbsp;&nbsp; to tools and and access to information that's&nbsp; very beneficial for for the retail trade. I&nbsp;&nbsp; remember speaking to some traders where even when&nbsp; they worked on floors or in the pits for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; there would still be delays in the the news number&nbsp; getting to them, let alone obviously the retail&nbsp;&nbsp; trader. I can't imagine probably might have to&nbsp; wait for the next day in the paper or something.&nbsp;&nbsp; um versus now like it's just instant instant uh&nbsp; information which is of course very beneficial to&nbsp;&nbsp; the retail trader but I think the barrier to entry&nbsp; discussion is is an interesting one because it is&nbsp;&nbsp; obviously beneficial for people who are interested&nbsp; in trading not having to have such a barrier to&nbsp;&nbsp; get involved but equally I think there's a lot of&nbsp; traders who maybe are are too quick and rush into&nbsp;&nbsp; the markets because of how low that barrier is.&nbsp; Oh yeah. Yeah. So, a lot of people who shouldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; be in trading, you know, get into trading. Um, and&nbsp; uh that's made this the low commissions has made&nbsp;&nbsp; that particularly uh true, I think, in in a way.&nbsp; So, that while it's beneficial, it could also lure&nbsp;&nbsp; people in who maybe shouldn't be there or are not&nbsp; ready to be committing significant sums of money.&nbsp;&nbsp; And uh then you get a lot of traders involved in&nbsp; things like uh you know oh the GameStop classic&nbsp;&nbsp; example right so uh a lot of traders get into&nbsp; something like that the tra not traders but uh&nbsp;&nbsp; amateurs get into something like that and while&nbsp; it's going up field they're brilliant but that&nbsp;&nbsp; game ends like most games some do get out in time&nbsp; but the majority just get in late in the game and&nbsp;&nbsp; then end up uh you know going all the way back&nbsp; down. Round trip as they call it. Yeah. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; worse than round tip because you end up lower than&nbsp; where you got got in and uh I I just think of uh&nbsp;&nbsp; there was like think of Dogecoin which started as&nbsp; as a joke um where it you know was sort of valing&nbsp;&nbsp; at the same time and I remember listening to a&nbsp; podcast interview uh from New York Times and with&nbsp;&nbsp; one of these traders who had you know made a for&nbsp; himself a fortune like a couple of million dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; starting with a little amount of money on and he&nbsp; was yeah he he who's assistant on that podcast.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh, I'm just going to hold on. I'm and if it comes&nbsp; out, I'm going to add more. And I'm listening to&nbsp;&nbsp; that while I'm on my walk and I'm just I said,&nbsp; should I get this guy's number? Try to tell him,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, listen, you know, don't do that,&nbsp; you know, because I just knew it was just the&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong thing. But I think he typified the what is&nbsp; most more the the normal mindset. Yes. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; diamond hands type thing, that type of thing.&nbsp; So, um, so a lot of people get get into it&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's so easy and get some initial success&nbsp; maybe on like jumping on on a big trend but never&nbsp;&nbsp; get never getting out of time. Would you say that&nbsp; the from a lot of traders that you've interviewed&nbsp;&nbsp; that they've actually been able to identify things&nbsp; that are, you know, really hot right now in play,&nbsp;&nbsp; volatility, uh have certain catalysts to them&nbsp; and they've been consistent with being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; identify them and then being able to take&nbsp; advantage of them essentially by trading them,&nbsp;&nbsp; but been able to move on. You know, be able to not&nbsp; pick out the exact top or anything, but understand&nbsp;&nbsp; that, okay, this opportunity is done. Like the&nbsp; edge is potentially going going. it's time to&nbsp;&nbsp; move on to what the next one might be. Well, I&nbsp; mean that's if they're if they're going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; if they're type of people who eventually have&nbsp; success, you know, that'll be that'll be true,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I I I think it's not true the majority who&nbsp; get get involved. No, sorry. That's what I meant.&nbsp;&nbsp; I meant more so is that a common trait you noticed&nbsp; within the series? Oh. Oh, I see. I see. Uh, well,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. I mean that's uh they they recognize I mean&nbsp; I think all traders recognize that nothing goes on&nbsp;&nbsp; forever. So yeah, because that was an interesting&nbsp; interview we did with Lewis Borcelino who's uh who&nbsp;&nbsp; was a Chicago pit trader, right? And that was his&nbsp; main thing. He said like one of the best things a&nbsp;&nbsp; trader can do is understand the money flow. So&nbsp; when understanding when the money is uh flowing&nbsp;&nbsp; from say you know railroad stocks into healthcare&nbsp; stocks for example nowadays for example from AI&nbsp;&nbsp; to quantum computing um or to to VR stocks or&nbsp; whatever it may be because we're seeing those&nbsp;&nbsp; trends happening consistently. Is that always&nbsp; been the case where you're seeing trends in&nbsp;&nbsp; certain markets or in certain you popularity in&nbsp; in certain markets? So at one point it would have&nbsp;&nbsp; been the dotcom bubble for example like there's so&nbsp; much edge and so much volatility around internet&nbsp;&nbsp; stocks and any sort of name was popping at the&nbsp; time but then it has its own time period before&nbsp;&nbsp; the next trend begins and the traders who are able&nbsp; to identify you know what could be the next inflow&nbsp;&nbsp; uh where the money could flow to next. being&nbsp; able to identify, not early necessarily,&nbsp;&nbsp; but just being able to identify and adapt quickly&nbsp; enough are able to then take advantage and stay&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead with their trading. Yeah, I think&nbsp; that would be part of a specific approach.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although the flexibility to change your mind about&nbsp; something when the facts change are is a critical,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is one of the basic traits of of people that&nbsp; highly successful. Definitely. Is there other&nbsp;&nbsp; basic traits that you've you've noticed from&nbsp; the books or from the interview should I say&nbsp;&nbsp; what flexibility or other well from yeah others&nbsp; so obviously flexibility being one but the other&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of what I would call core foundational&nbsp; principles or well you know with rare exception&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the belief that risk management is the most&nbsp; important thing in trading is a commonality&nbsp;&nbsp; among among successful traders certainly much&nbsp; less so with with beginning traders. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; definely. Uh who often it if it's a second thought&nbsp; that's good. It's usually not not any thought at&nbsp;&nbsp; all. There's never thought to risk management. So&nbsp; that's that's a big big common denominator. Uh the&nbsp;&nbsp; um the independent streak uh the doing in their&nbsp; own thinking will not being influenced by others.&nbsp;&nbsp; um just just willing just having the confidence&nbsp; to in their own in their own methodology that&nbsp;&nbsp; that's that's common. Uh discipline is is a big&nbsp; one. Uh you can have a really good approach but&nbsp;&nbsp; if you lapse the market will get you know when&nbsp; when discipline lapses uh the market has some&nbsp;&nbsp; way has a way of exploiting it. It seems you know&nbsp; uncanny. Uh so good traders do have very strong&nbsp;&nbsp; discipline. They not only have an approach but&nbsp; they really do rigorously uh uh stick to it and&nbsp;&nbsp; if they like for example if there's if they have&nbsp; decided they're getting out at a certain price&nbsp;&nbsp; uh or have a stop in or whatever uh they're not&nbsp; going to be like a lot of traders say oh I know I&nbsp;&nbsp; had this but I think this is close to the bottom&nbsp; I'm going to move the stop down. They'll stick&nbsp;&nbsp; to whatever their approach was. Definitely.&nbsp; And would you say one element of being able&nbsp;&nbsp; to correct any sort of mistakes and catch them&nbsp; quite early? So for example, a a sort of more&nbsp;&nbsp; beginner trader may make the same mistake seven,&nbsp; eight times before identifying and making changes&nbsp;&nbsp; versus did you notice any traders who would make&nbsp; mistakes here and there but would catch them very&nbsp;&nbsp; early and be able to be aware of them and change&nbsp; very early on? Well, what I have found is that the&nbsp;&nbsp; good traders understand that they they're going to&nbsp; lose money. um and they're going to make mistakes,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the the the separating feature is they look at&nbsp; that as mistakes are something you learn from. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the easiest way to to take advantage of that is&nbsp; to keep a diary. Uh and when when you have a trade&nbsp;&nbsp; that has a really, you know, m obvious mistake,&nbsp; mistake meaning not that the trade loses money.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes. Yeah. That's an important distinction because&nbsp; you could do everything right and still lose&nbsp;&nbsp; money and that's going to happen. Um but the and&nbsp; even if the odds are in your favor, it makes no&nbsp;&nbsp; difference. You know, if the if if you have a bet&nbsp; where the odds are two out of three that you win,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Um, and and you you take that like let's&nbsp; say there's an unfair coin that's going to land on&nbsp;&nbsp; heads twothirds of the time and you bet on heads.&nbsp; That's and you and it lands on tails. That's not a&nbsp;&nbsp; bad bet. That that's just I mean probability is&nbsp; probability. Some percentage of time you lose.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if if you keep on doing that you'll win. So&nbsp; that's not a mistake. But a mistake is you have&nbsp;&nbsp; an approach in you violate it in some way. uh you&nbsp; make an exception whatever and you lose money and&nbsp;&nbsp; it that's a mistake. So the good traders will&nbsp; when they recognize they've made a mistake that&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll register that if you do it formally by&nbsp; by writing it down and you reviewing that then&nbsp;&nbsp; you can minimize repeating those mistakes. Uh, so&nbsp; that's good advice because people will repeat the&nbsp;&nbsp; same mistakes. But if you become cognizant of it&nbsp; and the best way to be cognizant if it's writing&nbsp;&nbsp; it and rereading it, then when the same type&nbsp; of situation occurs again, it'll it'll be in&nbsp;&nbsp; your mind. Definitely. And so you can cut down on&nbsp; repeating mistakes. And a lot of traders make the&nbsp;&nbsp; point that mistakes are the way you learn uh and&nbsp; improve. Let's take a break for a minute there,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys, because I want to tell you about our&nbsp; incredible partnership with propfirmtrader.com.&nbsp;&nbsp; Majority of you out there are prop firm traders.&nbsp; You're using prop firms to leverage your trading&nbsp;&nbsp; skills to be able to get more capital and to&nbsp; be able to absolutely change your life. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's important to you to be able to find the&nbsp; right challenge for you with the best firms and&nbsp;&nbsp; most of all the best prices. That is exactly what&nbsp; propfrader.com does. propertrader.coms allows you&nbsp;&nbsp; to compare prop firms, be able to find the best&nbsp; challenge suited to your trading style and get&nbsp;&nbsp; you the exclusive best discounts in the entire&nbsp; industry so that you're paying the cheapest price&nbsp;&nbsp; possible for your prop firm challenge. So on&nbsp; propertrader.com you'll be able to use filters&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to do that and find the exact challenge&nbsp; for you. Be able to find your favorite prop firms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just look on screen right now. You can see futures&nbsp; firms. You can see CFD firms with offers up to 50%&nbsp;&nbsp; off, which is incredible. And you can also see&nbsp; Alpha Capital there with a one-step challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; with 25% off using PFT1. And there's so many more&nbsp; exclusive discounts only on propertrader.com.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the go-to site for all proper traders out&nbsp; there. And one thing I'm really excited about that&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally helped to organize was the giveaway&nbsp; of giveaways. The seven figure giveaway just&nbsp;&nbsp; through purchasing your challenges for the best&nbsp; price through proper.com. Every single week you&nbsp;&nbsp; will automatically be entered into an incredible&nbsp; giveaway. A collaborative effort across all of&nbsp;&nbsp; these firms on screen between 100 to 200k accounts&nbsp; over seven figures. It means that one person&nbsp;&nbsp; every single week who's made a purchase through&nbsp; propertrader.com will be getting seven figures&nbsp;&nbsp; in challenges that could completely revolutionize&nbsp; your trading journey. Again, all you do is for any&nbsp;&nbsp; of the firms on propertrader.com, use the code PFT&nbsp; at checkout and you will automatically be entered&nbsp;&nbsp; every single week. The link for propertrader.com&nbsp; is in the description below. Now, let's get back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the episode. So true. So true. And uh just off&nbsp; the back of that, would you say that is that a&nbsp;&nbsp; process you've noticed that a lot of the traders&nbsp; uh that you've come across as successful traders,&nbsp;&nbsp; they would review quite often and quite&nbsp; frequently both winning and losing? For some,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, for some it's very rigorous like in&nbsp; in Unknown Market Wizards, there were several&nbsp;&nbsp; traders who were religious about doing this and&nbsp; and brought out binders to me really, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; literally like really thick binders with like page&nbsp; after page or page of of notes on every trade they&nbsp;&nbsp; took and stuff. So that's that's certainly most&nbsp; people don't do it to that degree. Uh but some do&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz I do find it fascinating. One thing I have&nbsp; noticed from a lot of the professional traders&nbsp;&nbsp; I've is that journaling process making sure&nbsp; to review their trades you know whether it be&nbsp;&nbsp; as vigorous but I haven't come across a trader&nbsp; personally who is you know performing well who&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't do some form of review or data collection&nbsp; and I think that's a very important distinction&nbsp;&nbsp; because from what my interaction with the sort&nbsp; of independent retail traders of today many of&nbsp;&nbsp; them don't do that process they don't collect&nbsp; the data they won't review their trades and but&nbsp;&nbsp; then they wonder why the results aren't caring for&nbsp; them. Yeah. Do you find that do you find that as&nbsp;&nbsp; someone who has come into contact with a lot of&nbsp; professional traders and profitable traders and&nbsp;&nbsp; has in in essence put out a lot of the information&nbsp; for other traders to benefit from, does that shock&nbsp;&nbsp; you at all that that beginner traders and not even&nbsp; beginners though? No, I mean it's human nature,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know. Uh beginning traders will will make&nbsp; mistakes because they don't have the experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and uh and human nature is such that it will lead&nbsp; to behavior which is not conducive to winning in&nbsp;&nbsp; the markets. So uh and and let's let's face it,&nbsp; keeping rigorous records of what you're doing is&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a pain, right? So it's much easier not to&nbsp; do it definitely and that's why it's great to&nbsp;&nbsp; have you know uh new technology helpers such&nbsp; as you know funded for example to be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; help provide some of that data and hopefully make&nbsp; it easier in terms of reviewing uh you know your&nbsp;&nbsp; data and that people can use but have you found&nbsp; any common traits when it comes to the traders&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've interviewed in terms of mentorship or&nbsp; guidance or education that they may have gathered&nbsp;&nbsp; from other traders around them especially I know&nbsp; some were more in a professional environment So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's more uh having traders around them to be&nbsp; able to learn from and pick up from. It's it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not uncommon for traders to have had mentors or&nbsp; people they learn from, but they ultimately still&nbsp;&nbsp; develop their own style. And some traders just&nbsp; completely independently the learn. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it varies. But, uh interesting. Yeah. No, that&nbsp; is interesting. I've always wondered what it&nbsp;&nbsp; would be like to to be able to learn like&nbsp; Chris Camilo for example is a I can't wait&nbsp;&nbsp; to interview him and again thank you for putting&nbsp; us in touch because that is such a unique style&nbsp;&nbsp; I felt his approach was was particularly um and&nbsp; I said the the title of his chapter was neither&nbsp;&nbsp; and to explain that was and this shows you how you&nbsp; never know everything and I in fact well I always&nbsp;&nbsp; I always conceived the trading world is well&nbsp; you've got the fundamental side which is basics&nbsp;&nbsp; that stats and if it's equities you know stats&nbsp; about the companies and the economy and whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; uh if it's a futures market that depending on&nbsp; what market is if it's a commodity market the&nbsp;&nbsp; supply demand of that market so you have those&nbsp; type of you have that that fundamental world&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you have technical which could be just&nbsp; classic charts or it could be uh various this&nbsp;&nbsp; mathematical you know algorithms of of based which&nbsp; which is essentially taking visual information and&nbsp;&nbsp; transforming it into formulas. Could be something&nbsp; as simple as a moving average or it could be much&nbsp;&nbsp; more complicated. But it's one of those two. Uh&nbsp; it's either something that's fundamental or it's&nbsp;&nbsp; technical. technical meaning it's basically pure&nbsp; price based or you could also open it in futures&nbsp;&nbsp; to maybe open interest and and in both equities&nbsp; and futures volume so there might be some other&nbsp;&nbsp; things would not specifically fund uh fundamentals&nbsp; but again that's all part of technical so I&nbsp;&nbsp; basically thought it was one you know what else&nbsp; is there you could either using fundamentals or&nbsp;&nbsp; you're using technical or you're using both which&nbsp; happens all the time right so Camilo opened my&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes that hey It's neither. I mean, he used an&nbsp; approach. He didn't use any fundamentals. He&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't use any technicals. So, what did he&nbsp; do? He used social media, right? Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; brilliant is honestly. And does it kind of uh blow&nbsp; you away in a sense that even after all the traded&nbsp;&nbsp; interviews that you've you've done and conducted&nbsp; that there can still be unique edge out there,&nbsp;&nbsp; unique styles and ways of doing the markets.&nbsp; Yeah. I I well Camilo was was really unusual&nbsp;&nbsp; because I said he had an approach which I didn't&nbsp; even conceive was part of the universe of possible&nbsp;&nbsp; approaches. It didn't even enter my mind that&nbsp; there was another same same to me honestly when&nbsp;&nbsp; I heard of it. So uh that's different. But as&nbsp; far as the approaches being different, I kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; expect that because in all the books I find that&nbsp; traders kind of have the unique own methodology.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think that's so important and I think that's&nbsp; one of as you said earlier on like it's one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the big important lessons from the book series is&nbsp; there is a unique method almost for everyone like&nbsp;&nbsp; to find even if you do have mentorship or guidance&nbsp; as you said they might start that way. That might&nbsp;&nbsp; be how they get their foot in the door. might&nbsp; be how they progress to begin with as a trader,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in the end, what works in the end is that&nbsp; they have their own nuance. They have their own&nbsp;&nbsp; unique things that they use or look at. It could&nbsp; be still something they learn from someone, but&nbsp;&nbsp; they've still made it their own. Yeah. And I think&nbsp; that's very important in terms of uh the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; curve of a trader. Is there any sort of insight&nbsp; or thought process you have in terms of what the&nbsp;&nbsp; average learning curve can look like for a trader?&nbsp; uh timewise. Yeah, I think Peter you're gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; Brand who's you're gonna interview says he thinks&nbsp; it takes like three to five years and I think&nbsp;&nbsp; that's that's a fair assessment. Do you think&nbsp; because there are traders you know who are going&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond that I've come across a lot of traders&nbsp; and when I mentioned earlier about beginners you&nbsp;&nbsp; making mistakes what I should have said as well&nbsp; is that there are traders who aren't necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; beginners in terms of time but they're beginners&nbsp; in terms of still their their mindset and what&nbsp;&nbsp; they're bringing towards the markets and they're&nbsp; still making the same mistakes but yet 10 years&nbsp;&nbsp; in eight years in is there anything that you've&nbsp; learned from your time being within the industry&nbsp;&nbsp; to help those sort of people or do Do you feel&nbsp; like those are the people that we mentioned who&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't be in trading maybe? Well, that's two&nbsp; things. Okay. So, first what will help you know&nbsp;&nbsp; help I think keeping a trading diary of it don't&nbsp; necessarily have to be every single trade but any&nbsp;&nbsp; trade that is important either in highlighting&nbsp; something that you did wrong or if you did&nbsp;&nbsp; something is really right that's you put that in&nbsp; too. So that's as far as what to do. Um but as far&nbsp;&nbsp; as the other side of it, some people are just not&nbsp; going to be attuned to being successful traders.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean that's like anything else. I mean you know&nbsp; the you know people are take any sport. You know&nbsp;&nbsp; there certainly a good percentage population will&nbsp; not be particularly good at that particular sport.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just not something that they're their their me&nbsp; their physical makeup is right for or whatever.&nbsp;&nbsp; So um yeah that that's I think people have to&nbsp; know or not know but they have to learn maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; or come to realize either they have some edge or&nbsp; some have some potential talent for it or they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't and even though I've written I mean I have&nbsp; one of my books market sense of nonsense I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; whole chapter on what's wrong with the efficient&nbsp; market hypothesis of lots of colorful examples&nbsp;&nbsp; So while I believe the efficient market hypothesis&nbsp; is wrong, I think for a good segment of the&nbsp;&nbsp; population, acting as if it were correct is&nbsp; probably the best choice because acting if&nbsp;&nbsp; was correct means that you're going to just take&nbsp; your money and put it in a index fund and leave&nbsp;&nbsp; it there and for 20 years or 30 years and forget&nbsp; about it. And for most people that is actually&nbsp;&nbsp; the best thing because they have no particular&nbsp; edge in trading or any particular skill. And&nbsp;&nbsp; so acting as if the official market hypothesis is&nbsp; correct was is actually the best thing. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the difference. But for people who do have some&nbsp; potential to to to have an edge then to develop&nbsp;&nbsp; that and to get better it goes back to one of&nbsp; the things to do is learn from your mistakes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Definitely. Have you found that over the time that&nbsp; the the mistakes that traders make and the issues&nbsp;&nbsp; that they face, especially from a psychological&nbsp; basis, that hasn't really changed? Has it always&nbsp;&nbsp; been the case? You know, people struggling with&nbsp; fear and greed. Is it not really changed over the&nbsp;&nbsp; decades? human nature doesn't change you know and&nbsp; uh I like the quote Bill Ehart who's one I think&nbsp;&nbsp; in a second mark in new market wizards u who&nbsp; says people are so poorly attuned from a human&nbsp;&nbsp; nature and from our evolutionary development&nbsp; of of what human nature is that people are so&nbsp;&nbsp; poorly attuned to uh to doing the correct thing&nbsp; in training instinctively that they will do worse&nbsp;&nbsp; than random literally you know worse than throwing&nbsp; darts, you know, you throwing darts, you're only&nbsp;&nbsp; going to have transaction cost losing, you know,&nbsp; but people's natural instincts will make them take&nbsp;&nbsp; trades that are have a negative edge. Do you know&nbsp; near the beginning of your career, like the first&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe 10 to 15 years, was it still the case where&nbsp; people would hear about trading and hear about the&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of returns you can make and the money you can&nbsp; make from trading, or is that more of a sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; modern thing of how easy it is to observe or easy&nbsp; it is to come into contact with trading? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I I think that's been always that's been the case&nbsp; as long as we've had modern markets. Pretty much&nbsp;&nbsp; has always been the case. And do you think it's&nbsp; always been the case that it's been very sought&nbsp;&nbsp; after from the people who want to essentially&nbsp; become rich and become financially free? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's always the attitude is um you know the belief&nbsp; that uh trading is an easy way to make a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; money. So that's a that's I think been a common&nbsp; type of way thinking. Yeah. And it only probably&nbsp;&nbsp; gets worse as we see things like cryptocurrency&nbsp; come into play and these meme stocks and and these&nbsp;&nbsp; meme coins and so on where you're seeing as as&nbsp; you mentioned earlier with the dodgecoin example&nbsp;&nbsp; for example you the average person hearing of&nbsp; someone who just invested in you know small&nbsp;&nbsp; amounts of money and has now millions of dollars&nbsp; um that doesn't help necessarily but I guess there&nbsp;&nbsp; but you have that all the time right you have that&nbsp; continually you've had those those processes like&nbsp;&nbsp; you mentioned the dot bubble is perfect example&nbsp; right yeah continuously or flipping houses, you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, you know, when when real estate prices have&nbsp; already gone up a lot and stuff like that. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is very true. Very true. And and that's one&nbsp; thing that I do find, I think, and I'm sure you&nbsp;&nbsp; probably made a very similar observation is that&nbsp; the problems that we see or identify in trading&nbsp;&nbsp; usually are the same problems in other industries.&nbsp; It's just more so that we're so focused on trading&nbsp;&nbsp; or we're in this industry that we kind of identify&nbsp; only as like you said with the real estate for&nbsp;&nbsp; example because nowadays a big problem that I&nbsp; say problem a big thing that people communicate&nbsp;&nbsp; is that a lot of things are happening on social&nbsp; media now and with social media comes your snake&nbsp;&nbsp; uh oil snake oil salesman is what they say I&nbsp; believe uh but you find the same happening in&nbsp;&nbsp; other industries such as real estate or e-com when&nbsp; there's money involved it's really comes down to&nbsp;&nbsp; that is very true Yeah. No, very very true. And&nbsp; in terms of uh I know you mentioned that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at writing a new book or you are in the&nbsp; process. Not the writing yet, just this just the&nbsp;&nbsp; initial just is that where it begins then? Like&nbsp; you would begin with initial planning and does&nbsp;&nbsp; that then dictate if a new new book comes along?&nbsp; Well, the beginning step always is who is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be in the book, right? So it's so that's the state&nbsp; the state I know because you've done obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; unknown market wizards, new market wizards, stock&nbsp; market wizards, hedge fun market wizards and the&nbsp;&nbsp; original market wizard and the original of course&nbsp; like what would your do you do you already start&nbsp;&nbsp; with like what your premise or what the sort of&nbsp; angle would be in this case? Yeah. Um basically&nbsp;&nbsp; in fact I wasn't planning to do another book.&nbsp; I remember we spoke last time. Yeah. And uh a&nbsp;&nbsp; um fellow you know contacted me who and he writes&nbsp; articles on uh uh I think he mentioned his name&nbsp;&nbsp; is there no because he's a fellow by the name&nbsp; of George Coyle uh contacted me a number half&nbsp;&nbsp; year ago whatever and uh initially he just wanted&nbsp; to send me some of his articles and they were in&nbsp;&nbsp; some cases about traders that I had written about&nbsp; whatever and he they were good articles and they&nbsp;&nbsp; did a good job of summarizing izing stuff. And he&nbsp; told me about this this he want to do a book on on&nbsp;&nbsp; um on origins uh of of of great traders, you&nbsp; know, what what they what the beginning stages&nbsp;&nbsp; were like, what the challenges were. And it was&nbsp; a good I thought it was a good idea and but and I&nbsp;&nbsp; had no intention and I just gave him some advice&nbsp; and whatever and I had no intention of of being&nbsp;&nbsp; involved at all. But the more it went back and&nbsp; forth and the more it changed, it sort of got more&nbsp;&nbsp; and more into my into my territory. And at the&nbsp; end just decided, well, we'll co- offer it. And&nbsp;&nbsp; uh um and because he was not using an interview&nbsp; approach, but more of narrative approach,&nbsp;&nbsp; which which I was saying that I don't really, you&nbsp; know, I think you can do this on your own. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't need me in the involvement. Um but basically&nbsp; when presenting it to the to the publisher to the&nbsp;&nbsp; editor and publisher you know the feedback was&nbsp; really that that the you know new interviews&nbsp;&nbsp; was kind of essential. So it ended up that my role&nbsp; expanded a lot and so rather than just encouraging&nbsp;&nbsp; him to do it on his own now it's a co-authorship&nbsp; and because of that origin of I no pun intended&nbsp;&nbsp; but of the book the idea being origins um that&nbsp; this the thought now is to on the interviews to&nbsp;&nbsp; focus particularly strongly on the early years&nbsp; now I did that naturally in some like the Marcus&nbsp;&nbsp; interview is very much that the whole chapter is&nbsp; very much because it was such a great story. So I&nbsp;&nbsp; but not every but of course in most interviews&nbsp; it just ranges pretty much equally all across&nbsp;&nbsp; the career. Yes. So this book will have more of an&nbsp; emphasis. So in that case there's a little more of&nbsp;&nbsp; a focus plus one of the ideas is to go back and re&nbsp; reinterview some of the original market wizards.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. And particularly about their early years. So&nbsp; hello uh that'll be a section that that will be in&nbsp;&nbsp; this book. So that's one difference between this&nbsp; book and the other market wizards book is more&nbsp;&nbsp; that greater focus and uh it it may also go back&nbsp; and include traders uh and it will include some&nbsp;&nbsp; traders who are no longer living. So so in this&nbsp; case it's it's a bit different. Definitely. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm really excited for that cuz I think every&nbsp; element of the journey is very important and very&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful of course, but the origins holds a lot of&nbsp; the the keys to the not success only the success&nbsp;&nbsp; but also the challenges and I think the challenges&nbsp; as we mentioned earlier like the mistakes and the&nbsp;&nbsp; the losses are the lessons that allowed people&nbsp; to then get to that middle part of the journey&nbsp;&nbsp; and the end part of the journey. Um, so I'm very&nbsp; much and I think for readers, uh, there's probably&nbsp;&nbsp; a great in maybe more interest in how how did&nbsp; these people get started and what, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; difficulties that they encounter and how do they&nbsp; overcome failures and 100%. 100%. No, I love that.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I remember your process. I I spoke to someone&nbsp; actually who you'd interviewed previously and they&nbsp;&nbsp; had mentioned that, you know, you you spent a&nbsp; couple days with them at their office, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; um, you know, verifying everything and also&nbsp; doing the interviews. Like what would be the&nbsp;&nbsp; process this time around? Would you still be going&nbsp; out there? Still be the same. Yeah. I mean that&nbsp;&nbsp; part of it is the same. So I said let's say um the&nbsp; section that rein some people just to focus on the&nbsp;&nbsp; u yeah uh so that that might be different and&nbsp; perhaps those end up being like zoom calls. we've&nbsp;&nbsp; already met them, interviewed them fair and this&nbsp; is just like a follow-up, right? But um still the&nbsp;&nbsp; process would be to do these interviews, meet&nbsp; them and and uh yeah so that so so a number of&nbsp;&nbsp; chapters would be very similar maybe like say more&nbsp; weight to the origins origin but but still similar&nbsp;&nbsp; process definitely I love that and in terms of uh&nbsp; expectations would you know already what that sort&nbsp;&nbsp; of timeline looks like or is that something that&nbsp; you kind of naturally let take place? Yeah um I&nbsp;&nbsp; have some idea. So basically I think in you know&nbsp; now next month or two just a matter of defining&nbsp;&nbsp; who's in the book and then it's logistics and you&nbsp; want to know everybody you can include because&nbsp;&nbsp; um just from an efficiency you know logistic&nbsp; standpoint if you and when you do you do the same&nbsp;&nbsp; thing right you're you're going across the world&nbsp; interviewing people um you want to be efficient so&nbsp;&nbsp; you you know if you're going to interview people&nbsp; in a certain location you've all the people that&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be in that location. So, you can&nbsp; do it on one trip. So, it's the same thing. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh I think some of the interviews may occur uh&nbsp; like the ones I mentioned might occur earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I guess the in-person interviews probably&nbsp; would be a few months out and then there'll be&nbsp;&nbsp; a period of I don't know how many months of those&nbsp; are conducted and then it's a matter of you know&nbsp;&nbsp; and simultaneously when things are done working on&nbsp; that. So, uh, getting those into written chapters&nbsp;&nbsp; and, uh, I figure the writing the whole process&nbsp; would be we're we're at the beginning of 2025. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think basically this year and then the publishing&nbsp; process takes a long time because uh the publisher&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to uh have a marketing plan and of course&nbsp; and that involves that involves lots of months of&nbsp;&nbsp; lead time. Yeah. So the book probably doesn't&nbsp; come out until I'd say late 26 even if it's&nbsp;&nbsp; finished in late 25. Wow. Wow. Because uh it's a&nbsp; process that many people won't have insight into&nbsp;&nbsp; for sure. And do you think that will be your last&nbsp; book or there'll be one? I told you the last one&nbsp;&nbsp; was my was probably my last one. So I I I don't&nbsp; know. Probably. I mean I don't intend to write&nbsp;&nbsp; another one, but I've said that before. Do you do&nbsp; you actually enjoy the process of doing it? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; once I'm in it. Yeah, once I'm in it.&nbsp; Yeah. Beforehand though it feels Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. I'm always a little reluctant to start another&nbsp; book, but uh because it's it's a big undertaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? if you're doing it right is not something&nbsp; that can just be Yeah. So it is a comm it is a&nbsp;&nbsp; commitment and uh you know at this point I'm&nbsp; more more or less retired otherwise you know&nbsp;&nbsp; so although I still do things like refund seed or&nbsp; whatever but but you know at my age uh you know&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm reluctant to give up a lot of leisure time so&nbsp; definitely so that's that's a thing but 100% and&nbsp;&nbsp; well whether it's your last book or not regardless&nbsp; you know we we thank you as an entire industry and&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone I've come into contact with and all the&nbsp; viewers at home as well for for everything that&nbsp;&nbsp; you've done and you continue to do appcate because&nbsp; the impact has been huge. Absolutely. I think&nbsp;&nbsp; there would be as you mentioned already and as you&nbsp; probably already know there's probably there would&nbsp;&nbsp; be far less traders in the world I would imagine&nbsp; if it wasn't thanks to your books and especially&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. I don't know if that's good or bad, but you&nbsp; know, yeah, I think it's good for for a number for&nbsp;&nbsp; a number of people obviously it's been very good&nbsp; uh because they've gone on to tremendous careers&nbsp;&nbsp; and I I I guess I don't hear about the ones that&nbsp; are, you know, that are bad, but uh um is a only&nbsp;&nbsp; a partial joke, but it is true, you know, like I&nbsp; remember one time a doctor, you know, one time,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, the communication email whatever&nbsp; had that transition to trading and I felt bad&nbsp;&nbsp; about that because I felt I had taken somebody&nbsp; who was in a useful career into into trading.&nbsp;&nbsp; But then another time there was a lawyer and I&nbsp; felt who had gone into trading and I thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Boy, the slate's even now." I love that. And&nbsp; hey, if we can and again a big huge, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you for everything that you've done for us,&nbsp; you know, cuz uh yeah, you know, we're trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; even just a fraction of of the impact and success&nbsp; you've had would be, you know, huge for us. Um but&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, without you, you've done a really good job&nbsp; with with your your thank you series and uh it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just again takes leaders, good leaders and people&nbsp; who've led the way for us to be able to emulate&nbsp;&nbsp; and try and try and follow in those footsteps. Oh,&nbsp; thank you. But uh everyone at home, drop a comment&nbsp;&nbsp; of your biggest takeaway from this episode. Links&nbsp; for Jack and Fun Seed will be in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; below, so make sure you check those out. And&nbsp; if you haven't read, which would shock me if&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't, Market Wizards, I'll put links for&nbsp; those as well. So, make sure you go get a copy&nbsp;&nbsp; because phenomenal phenomenal insights um from&nbsp; the best traders in the world I would suggest. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you check those out, but hit subscribe.&nbsp; Other episodes and the past episode with Jack if&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't watched that will be on screen as&nbsp; well. But until next time, everyone, take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wordsofrizdom [24 likes]: SUBSCRIBE NOW & Like this video to help us continue to bring the best verified traders in the world. turn on notifications to never miss a new video, we post new episodes EVERY Thursday 3pm GMT/ 10am EST with verified traders.
__________________________________
Use Code "PFT" for the BEST Discounts on ALL Prop Firms Listed 👉 https://propfirmtrader.com/ 

Use Code "RIZ" for 20% OFF ALL Challenges 👉 https://link.alpha-futures.com/k9V5Az

Use the Best Trading Journal Use Code “RIZ10” for 10% Off or Code “WOR25” for 25% off  👉  https://bit.ly/TradeZellaWOR

Use Code "RIZ" for 20% OFF ALL Challenges 👉 https://link.alphacapitalgroup.uk/eq7m8X

Join the Market Journal community for weekly direct market insights for FREE 👉 https://www.market-journal.com

Free Telegram Community! 👉🏽  https://t.me/pocketsofrizdom
  2. @abdulmanan9943 [3 likes]: Great to see your shift from interviewing gamblers in forex to Real Legendary Traders.whom we can learn
  3. @Cedric-noob [2 likes]: Someone get this big man a cup of water!
  4. @jv1994 [1 likes]: Too many ads. Even YouTube couldn't figure out how to skip these ads. Not a good experience.
  5. @thinker8682 [1 likes]: Please get the White Whale on your show (he is in crypto derivatives trading)
  6. @Mq-f1w [1 likes]: ask questions and let him talk bro, I don't want to hear you talk, you're spitting trash , shut up
  7. @Tronxtrader: What people don't realize is Tom Hoogard is the WORST loser, has a terrible fit when he loses and can't handle it. Degrades people and demeans them when they asks questiona when hes lossing. Its funny as hell to aee him in such pain becaise in fact hes a real A-hole full of himself 😅
  8. @ScoopitiPoopiti: I loved this hour long add with 10 minutes of advice in it
  9. @saurabhbahirgonde9894: Hindi audio not available
  10. @cagatays5: If you skip first 25 Minute, u miss notting
  11. @MD-gk9os: Great interview! ‘Taking notes and documenting the loosing trades’ is what I learned! 🙏
  12. @LaaraCopley-Smith: So many amazing veterans so to speak who share their wisdom and experience. Always take always 🎉
  13. @movieclipsarena2142: Without Tom Hugaard This Podcast like Recipes without salt
  14. @isaackitone: Breaking all the rules and trading for a prop firm?!!! 😂😂😂
  15. @Essays4College: You know how you can tell the real traders on this channel? They don't have titles like "This trader made MILLIONS" blah blah. Serious, experienced traders don't go around throwing numbers like that.
  16. @rajjadhav7609: Hey man, I’ve been watching your podcast and I really appreciate the quality of guests you bring on. You’re interviewing some genuinely intelligent people, which is great.

I wanted to share one piece of honest feedback. I’ve noticed that you often ask a question and then answer it yourself before giving the guest space to respond. That ends up leading them toward your conclusion rather than letting us hear their raw, independent perspective.

I think the podcast would be much stronger if the guests were given more room to speak freely. As listeners, we’re tuning in for their thinking, not a guided answer.

Hope this comes across in the constructive way it’s intended.
  17. @flowletbe: the wizard it self!
  18. @TigranSaakyan-x9r: Jack Schwager, Jack Schwager, I enjoy reading his books very much. He is an ingenious author and has put in a lot of work. I hope his new book will be translated into Russian and sold in Moscow.
  19. @mahdisinah5390: Please stop promoting Alpha Capital. In my experience, they are not a trustworthy firm. I’ve traded with them for two years and lost over 10 accounts. When I finally got funded, they denied my account and I never received access to it. Very disappointing experience
  20. @ChaplainDaveSparks: Well "don't trade the news", at least not BLINDLY. But if you believe in technical analysis, it might be a good reason the pull up a chart and check price action

- Becoming a Full-Time Trader: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people think about quitting their jobs and becoming traders. I'm talking today with someone who did just that, Al Brooks. Now, Al, you had a medical career, as I understand it, before you went into trading. How did you decide to make that switch? When I was at medical school at the University of Chicago, I had um thoughts that maybe I should be downtown at the Merc or the Board of Trade. And throughout medical school, I just kept wondering, you know, am I doing the right thing? Um, and I decided I'm going to stick with medicine. So, I did that for about 10 years. And then, um, when I started having kids, I decided to, uh, start, um, to trade. And, uh, I actually started trading the month of, uh, the crash in 1987. And back then, um, I I was trading pretty aggressively. and I shorted 13 uh S&P futures contracts which you know each S&P futures contract is 5 E- mini so it' be like shorting whatever that is 65 E- mini contracts and that was the morning of the crash and uh I had to go to work I had a full surgery schedule and I closed out uh all my contracts and I drove to work and heard that the stock market ended up down over 500 points and that day if I held my contracts I would have made $400,000 on uh uh on that day in my first month of trading. I probably would have screwed up the trading because I was a beginner. But um it made me think that yeah, I can I can make money as a trader. And um you know, it's difficult to figure out how to transition. You know, I you I think anyone starting trading is going to lose money for several years. You know, you're looking for a career that pays a lot of money. Um everyone trading wants to make a lot of money. You're competing against extremely smart people and it's essentially a zero- sum game. So, you're trying to take money from really, really smart people who are trying to take money from you. And when you start out, they're going to win. You're going to lose money. And um it but if you if you have the discipline and you're careful and you learn how to be objective and you try not to be greedy and you you know use um stops to use profit targets um I believe it's a it's something that you can do but I would start really small and I would be um um and I I would be very humble and work very hard on uh discipline and expect to lose for several years and don't trade big and um you know if you're starting to lose two or three trades in a in a row uh you know have a a set limit every day where you're going to shut it down. Should people transition into this? In most cases rather than outright quitting their jobs and believing they will have a successful trading career right away. It depends. I think if a person has a big enough nest egg they can quit their jobs and go right ahead. But if they don't, um, I would transition. And in transitioning, either you can try to trade for an hour or two in the morning, and that's all you need. Uh, I have friends who only trade an hour a day, and they make a living doing it. Um, but I would trade small and risk very little. I would trade um high volume markets like uh uh the FAS or the FAZ uh where um you know you you're not going to get slippage but you can um you know you can you can stand it trades the same as the major markets and you can you know you can you can it's a very good way to learn without much risk. Great insights today and I'm sure a lot of people will appreciate this. Thank you so much El. Thank you. This is the moneyshow.com video network.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daytradeatl3167 [27 likes]: Brooks is top tier, the learning curve and way he teaches is very steep but if you stick with it you will get better and profitable. The books are all highly publicized by Wiley Financial and his video lectures are even better. He breaks down technical charts better than anyone I've come across. He also teaches proper risk reward and probability which is why most people fail. Save yourself many hours of time wasted and learn his material. He's not teaching a 'system' he's teaching you how to read price action huge difference.
  2. @moody__soul4149 [16 likes]: this man is a legend🔥
  3. @TraderSamsara [12 likes]: This is a ten years old video but most comments are in past two years. I feel Brooks become more and more popular.
  4. @thouhid18 [10 likes]: this man is the wizard of price action. i bet no one is better than him
  5. @Indrazith21 [3 likes]: Brooks was here, so was red
  6. @amirhosseinhassani6255 [3 likes]: Al Brooks🎉🎉
  7. @Lorenzodelgado7 [1 likes]: Love this , going to be him one day
  8. @EriPages [1 likes]: Love Al Brooks.
  9. @BartłomiejKrzywania [1 likes]: nice advice!
  10. @andersonwalker4990: please i need a mentor 🥲🥲
  11. @scottr8013: He speaks the truth,which nowadays hard to find. 99% bullshit on here.. hes not. Neither is Tom H, jadecap . Save years buy start with any of 3 three..most are just kings of you tube, some have good material mixed with bad like Ict, others looked the the trades and its obvious it was luck. Haha crazy business.
  12. @main-account32145: Well, frined that trade only 1h a day and that's what they do it not completely true imho, those probably are traders that have several years of experience and probably do more than 1 hour also by journaling etc..
  13. @phuonglevungoc: thanks
  14. @eddyjuarez4671: What is the name of this gentleman?
  15. @yusupovyt99: 2025 koʻrganla bormi 😅🇺🇿🇺🇿
  16. @abdullahal-shimri3091: I’m also a doctor my win rate is 50% risk to reward is 1:2.
  17. @OnceSomeFunATime: The subtitles "quit their jobs to become traitors"
  18. @CalBurnerVR: Al Brooks teaches scalping and adding to losers. They are both trading methods which have negative expectancy in long run and will make you lose money.
  19. @bhp000: And times 10 😂
  20. @sandorvarga7437: Success

- Don't Tell ANYONE About Your YouTube Channel!: Kind: captions Language: en If you're starting a YouTube channel, I'm going to show you the one mistake that I see so many people making that prevents new channels from getting off the ground before they even have a chance to succeed. Because if you make this mistake in the first 30 days of your YouTube channel, you could be stuck at under 1,000 subscribers and you could struggle to get views for months watching other channels in your niche blow past you while your YouTube algorithm gets completely confused about who your audience should be. My name is Matt Parr. I've grown over a dozen successful YouTube channels. But more importantly, I've also analyzed hundreds of different channels over the years, and I've discovered something shocking. There's one mistake that can set your channel back by months. This video is specifically for you if you've started a YouTube channel, and you've uploaded one to five videos with disappointing results, and you're tempted to share your channel with friends or family, and you want to build a real business and not just a hobby channel. Here's a mistake that hurts a lot of channels. The moment people share their first video, they immediately share it with friends, family, and their social media followers. They post it on Facebook, send links to their relatives, text their co-workers, and ask everybody they know to subscribe and watch. Now, this seems logical, right? You need views to grow, and you want support from people who care about you. So, it feels natural to reach out to the people closest to you. But here's what most people don't know. This single action can poison your channel's data and confuse YouTube's algorithm for months. Let me show you exactly why this destroys your channel's potential. And trust me, once you understand the math behind this, you will never want to make this mistake. YouTube's algorithm is incredibly sophisticated. We're talking one of the most advanced AI systems in the world. So, when you upload a video, YouTube doesn't just want to show that video to random people. Instead, from my experience, I believe your videos go through what I like to call a four-phase learning process. In the first phase, which happens in the first 24 to 48 hours, YouTube shows your videos to a small test audience. This is based off your thumbnail, title, description, and also your tags. And during this first phase, they're measuring dozens of different data points, including click-through rates, watch time, and engagement patterns. Think of this as YouTube's way of asking, "Is this content any good?" And then in phase two, which happens in week 1 to two, if the initial test goes well, YouTube will start showing your videos to a slightly broader audience, an audience with similar interests, and they're refining their understanding of who is most likely to like your content. This is where YouTube starts to figure out, okay, this content works, but who exactly is it for? Phase three then happens in weeks three to four. And this is where YouTube starts to get really sophisticated. Then they start showing your video to people with very specific viewing patterns and interests. And this is where the magic happens because they're finding your true fans, people who will watch your content religiously and become part of your evergreen audience. And then finally, in phase four, which is an ongoing phase, your video gets recommended on YouTube alongside similar content and shown to people with a proven interest in your niche. This is where YouTube helps your content automatically reach the right audience. And more importantly, this is where you start seeing that beautiful organic growth that every YouTuber dreams of. But here's the most critical part, and honestly, most people completely destroy their chances of YouTube success right here. When you share your video with your personal network, you're essentially breaking this entire learning process. What I mean by this is that when you upload a video, obviously you want that video to get views. You naturally start thinking of sharing your videos with friends and family. But let me tell you something. As soon as you do this, you're going to completely destroy that video's metrics. Let me give you a concrete example of how this works mathematically. Let's say you create a faceless channel about cryptocurrency investing. Your ideal audience is say people from 25 to 45 who are interested in financial education and have disposable income to invest. Now if you share your crypto video with a 100 people from your personal network and this doesn't mean you have to have 100 friends. Let's say you post it on your personal Facebook or your personal Instagram or something like that and you get a 100red views from that and maybe you think some of those views are actually interested in crypto content which a couple might be. Here's what actually happens. about 20 people will actually watch out of politeness, giving you a 20% click-through rate, which actually sounds pretty good, right? However, click-through rate is not the only thing you need. And click-through rate when it's coming from an external source does not matter nearly as much. You see, those 20 friends or family members will probably watch your video for an average of 30 seconds for an 8 to 10-minute video. That's barely even a 10% audience retention rate, which is absolutely terrible. And of course, barely anyone would subscribe because they're probably not even interested in cryptocurrency. And then YouTube sees this data and what is YouTube logically going to think? They're going to say, "Hm, we shared this crypto video with 100 people, but we got a terrible audience retention. Maybe the content's not engaging or maybe we're not showing the content to the right people." But now compare that to when you let YouTube find your viewers organically. If you let YouTube show your videos to a 100 people, which it will, YouTube will test your content to specific audiences if you put the right title, description, and tags on it. And most likely, if you do this the right way, they're going to show your video to people who are actually interested in crypto content. Let's say only eight people click, though, so you only have like an 8% click-through rate. It is a lot lower. However, that's an 8% click-through rate on the actual platform of YouTube. And then let's say those eight people watch for an average of four minutes on an eight-minute video. That's a 50% audience retention, which is amazing. And three of those people actually subscribed because they're genuinely interested in the content. YouTube sees this second scenario and they think, "Wait a second, this video actually is doing good to people who are interested in crypto and finance. Let's show it to more people like that." And the difference is night and day. In the first scenario, you taught YouTube that your content doesn't work. In the second scenario, you let YouTube discover that your content works amazingly well, but only to the right audience. Now, here's where this gets incredibly expensive in terms of your time and potential revenue. Let's look at what happens in the course of several months. In the first few weeks, if you've polluted your content by sharing it with friends and family, YouTube will then keep showing your video to random audiences who aren't interested. Let's say your average retention stays around 15%. You get maybe 500 monthly views and gain five subscribers of which maybe not all of them are even interested in your content. And even after a few months, YouTube is still confused about who the right audience for your content should be. Now, your retention might just might improve slightly to 20%, because at this point, YouTube might be starting to figure out who the right audience is, but it's happening by accident. Let's say you're getting 1,200 monthly views and you've gained maybe 12 new subscribers. You're probably thinking about quitting at this point because the growth is so slow. And I've seen a lot of people give up at this point, especially if they invested time and money and they didn't see any returns. And the worst part is they didn't see returns because of a mistake that they made themselves, but they might not even know it. Let me elaborate a little bit. See, if you had let YouTube find your audience naturally, those first few weeks would look completely different. YouTube would show your videos to genuinely interested audiences. Your retention would be significantly higher, and of course, you'd be getting way more views. The subscriber count would have increased relatively quickly, and you wouldn't be giving up. That sounds a lot better, right? And within 3 months of letting YouTube do its own job, the algorithm would understand your audience perfectly. Let's say your retention stays at around 50%, if you're doing things the right way, which I can teach you how to do. Let's say you're getting 12 to 15,000 views a month and a good number of new subscribers. In simple words, you would be well on your way to building a real business with YouTube. So, the channel with clean data that does this the right way could reach 1,000 subscribers in 3 to four months. The channel with polluted data, on the other hand, might take a year or more to reach that if they don't give up first. Now, you might be thinking, Matt, why would YouTube care about helping me succeed? The answer is that YouTube actually wants your videos to succeed because why wouldn't they? When people watch videos they love, they stay on the platform longer. The longer they stay on the platform, the more money YouTube makes from ads. And YouTube has invested billions of dollars in the most advanced AI systems in the world. And they can analyze millions of data points to find the exact people who are most likely to love your content. They can identify patterns in viewing behavior that would have taken you years to find out manually, if you ever found them at all. The truth is, YouTube is way better at finding your ideal audience than you are, but they do need clean, accurate data to work with. When you pollute that data with viewers who are never going to be interested in your content in the first place, then you're essentially sabotaging their ability to do so. Now, this doesn't just affect your views and subscribers either. It directly impacts how much money you can potentially make from your channel. And the numbers are shocking. Let's say you're getting 10,000 monthly views on your channel. And if you have the wrong audience watching your videos, your CPM could only be $3 per thousand views because your audience has no specific interest that advertisers can target. Plus, if you're trying to sell a product or a service like I recommend doing, your conversion rate might be 0.1% or less because people aren't actually interested in your topic. So, your total monthly revenue in that case is $50 a month or less, which is disappointing if you're putting a lot of time into building a YouTube channel. But, if you have the right audience watching those same exact 10,000 views a month, you could get a $15 CPM because your audience is highly interested in your niche and advertisers can target them correctly. That's $150 in ad revenue right there. And let's say your conversion rate then jumps up to 2% for affiliate products you're promoting because people are genuinely interested. Your total monthly revenue could be $500 or more. Same number of views, 10 times the revenue just because you have the right audience watching your content. Now, this doesn't mean if you don't share your content, you'll instantly make thousands of dollars. I can't guarantee you'll make any money at all, obviously, but this is exactly what I'm doing on all of my channels that I start. I never share them with family or friends. And it's part of the reason I don't share a lot of my channels publicly either. So instead of forcing views through your personal network, you need to optimize your content to be targeted to the right audience. Use the exact keywords that your viewers are actually searching for. Create thumbnails that your audience actually wants to click on. And you do this by modeling what's already worked on YouTube. And then the hardest part, resist the temptation to share with friends and family. Upload your video and then let YouTube system do the rest. Trust me, patience here will pay off exponentially later. And then after a couple weeks, you can look at your analytics to see if YouTube is finding your right audience. Your average view duration should be at least 35% in most niches if you're producing 8 to 10 minute videos. Your click-through rate from YouTube recommendations should be around 4% or more for most niches. And the comments you get on your videos should actually be related to your topic. And by the way, if you want to put really good metadata on your videos without having to do tons of research or anything like that, you can use the Tube Magic Warp Upload feature to upload your videos and then use Tube Magic to automatically generate a great title, description, and tags that will make your videos optimized to find the right audience the right way. Now, there is one exception to this rule, and I want to be really clear about this. If somebody in your personal network is genuinely a part of your target audience, then sharing it to them can actually help. For example, if you're making videos about cryptocurrency and let's say your brother is actively trading crypto and genuinely interested in learning more about it, then sharing your video to him makes perfect sense. But you need to be brutally honest with yourself here. What percentage of your personal network actually matches your target audience? In my experience, if you have a bunch of random friends and family, it's usually less than 5%. So, the math just doesn't work out in your favor if you're sharing it with your entire personal network. So, now that you understand that sharing your videos with friends and family will severely hurt your channel in most cases, you might be asking then, how do I take this channel and implement a few different algorithm hacks to blow up this channel to being huge like I see so many other huge channels are able to do? Well, there's a new really powerful algorithm growth hack that I've barely talked about online before, but I have a completely free training that you can check out next to me right here. And as part of secret number two in this training, I'm going to show you this algorithm growth hack that not only can turbocharge your growth like crazy and turn one view into multiple views, but it can also allow you to potentially monetize your channel from day one. Check out this video right here. My name is Matt Par and I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BackYardProspecting [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this insight. I've gained so much more from this one video than months of hanging out on the vid iq discord and working with their "coaches"
  2. @Aqua._.girlll [1 likes]: I told 3 of my friends and my sis lol
  3. @Ace-stories-t7d [1 likes]: What do I do if I already shared it? What if I make shorts?
  4. @betulozmen4079 [1 likes]: Super advice. Thank you!
  5. @jimf5014 [1 likes]: So why does it suck so much, the youtube algorithm. I watch videos to learn certain things, clean a fish, change oil, etc. now I know how to clean my fish I still get 50 fish cleaning videos every day that I have to scan over to find what I want to learn today.
  6. @successwithmabzie: Thank you so much for the advice, as a new YouTube channel, appreciate it.
  7. @Dazymixzz: I just started my YouTube channel a month ago and I’m trying to stay strong
  8. @wealthentertainment21: ❤
  9. @Ace-stories-t7d: What 8f I make shorte
  10. @heyjessieOG: i actually do not relate to this at all. told my family and friends who were super supportive and boosted my first few vids. only had the channel for about 3 weeks now and at 170 subs. super grateful ❤. my family and friends don’t watch anymore but the people they managed to help boost my videos to do! so tbh i’m very happy ❤

nonetheless i may test out starting another channel and posting the same vids without sharing to see if it works as well
  11. @Deadboyjeido: So I have one question. How am I supposed to post my content to the people who are actually interested and who in my family who btw is actually interested in my content, can I send it to without the YouTube algorithm screwing me over?
  12. @thatgnarlyharley: I started my channel a year ago, but only have 2 videos. I am definitely going to start posting more often. But both videos fell pretty flat, probably because i made this mistake matt talks about in thise video. Lol. He makes sense, i never really thought i wouldnt have to be my own channels promoter also, so that definitely makes it easier.
  13. @DivineStillnessWorship: don't worry guys, I promise your channel is going to grow soon and i will go with you! <3
  14. @AlfernoMan: I started 3 months ago and I already have 100 subscribers 🥳
  15. @Petesnews: Started my page a couple of weeks ago and almost no one knows about it. Thanks for the great information!
  16. @LifestyleAsShunda: I’m stuck under a 100 but my passion to help people keeps me going. I stop asking family for support
  17. @tooscaredtoscreamm: I just started 2 weeks ago and told myself to not tell anyone even my own girlfriend. One day I'll be big enough they will find out on their own 💪 😎
  18. @IsabellyCoelho-w7v: Too late bcuz a kid in my class found it and told my whole class that I have a yt channel💔
  19. @WisdomDeliberations: I just posted my first video yesterday and I shared my link and today I'm seeing this, I will stop sharing immediately
  20. @Psychetwo: 1,200 monthly views is good! why would anyone quit when they're getting 1,200 views a month? I'm getting maybe 5 views a month and still going. Just learning and taking the time and trial and errors.

- REAL TRUTH ABOUT RISK TAKERS - WATCH THIS! One of The Most Eye Opening Videos: Kind: captions Language: en risk according to Webster is the chance of injury damage loss the failure of your expectation the biggest risk you can take is not taking any risk almost any accomplishment in the history of the world has come at the hands of people who have taken risk people who are willing to push the envelope people who are willing to explore the unknown every failed experiment is one step closer to success you've got to take risks I found that nothing in life is worthwhile unless you take risks risk is to drive me right up the wall I used to say what if this happens it's called the language of the poor what if this happens and on top of that if this was to happen look at the fix ibn I better not try I could always ask myself out then I'll tell you what changed my whole life when I finally discovered it's all risky the minute you were born have got risk if you think trying is risky wait till they hand you the bill for not trying the greatest risk they take is not taking one and I use it to this day anytime I feel that should i I feel nervous like I feel right now and I take the risk whatever it is that you want to do your there's gonna be risking your life and risk is a necessary component of a progress the Englishman says well if that's the way it's gonna work out let's give it a go right that's what it's for give it a go somebody says yeah but I'm looking for safety and security fine then huddle in a corner we'll cover you with a sheet bring you three meals a day and we'll protect you feed you look after you care for you we won't let anything happen to you and you'll probably live to be 100 but I said yeah I live to be 100 what a way to live safe and secure don't ask for security ask for adventure [Music] better to live 30 years full of adventure than 100 years safe in the corner and see it's not important how long you live what's important is how you live if you think investing is risky wait till you get the tab for not investing see it's all risky get married is risky having children is risky going into business is risky investing your money is risky it's all risky I'll tell you how risky life is you're not gonna get out alive right a lot of people I think think about it you know whatever it comes to whatever you get yourself into a position where you have to make some some big shift and direction or do something you know they're always people are going to point to the downside risks of that decision locally there maybe right right I mean it for any given decision that you're gonna make there's upside of downside if you are stagnant and you don't make those changes then then I think you're guaranteed to fail right and not not catch up so to some degree I think it's really right that over time the biggest risk that you can take is to not take any risks as a business grows the natural tendency would be to take fewer risks and to be cautious and to have contingency plans but in a business that's changing very quickly or one that you want to grow you actually need to be explicit about accepting risk one of the people who work with me kind of describes it this way you know I was sort of encouraging this person hey you know let's try this when we do this how about this and at some point he kind of came back and said so what you're telling me is you want me to try to do ten things and if I only get eight of them you know you'll be okay with that you know if I don't get all you know all ten versus you know having five things and doing all five perfectly that's exactly right you know you know we want to accept some experiments you know the key thing about taking risk is is learning you know and if something doesn't work out learn from it and then you're able to move further we have to always recognize that you know knowledge frequently comes at a price you know Thomas Edison said you know 999 ways that a light bulb did not without work hurt you know many of us are familiar with the cleaning formula 409 why do they call it that the first floor didn't they didn't work you know but you know you just put these things into perspective and you learn from them Walter dandy the great neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins many decades ago was the first one to do operations on the posterior fossa the back part of the brain no one thought it could be done first thirteen patients all died now can you imagine how devastating that was I can't even imagine what he said to the 14th patient when they said how the other thirteen do you know but but the fact of the matter is we now are able to do that operation routinely and safely I did one last week and so you know we just have to put all these things in perspective and recognize that we will never make progress unless we're willing to take risks but we have to take them in an appropriate fashion because you know there there's a large group of people who never get anywhere because they're afraid to take a risk there's another group of people who never get anywhere because they take too many of the wrong that's they're always getting knocked back into the pond so that's where this tremendous brain comes in where you are able to analyze people told me that Black Swan was an artistic risk a scary challenge to try to perforate portray a professional ballet dancer but it didn't feel like courage or daring that drew me to it I was so oblivious to my own limits that I did things I was woefully unprepared to do and so the very inexperienced that in college had made me feel insecure and made me want to play by other's rules now was making me actually take risks I didn't even realize were risks when Darren asked me if I could do ballet I told him that I was basically a ballerina which by the way I wholeheartedly believed when it quickly became clear and preparing for the film that I was maybe 15 years away from being a ballerina it made me work a million times harder and of course the magic of cinema and body doubles helped the final effect but the point is if I had known my own limitations I never would have taken the risk and the risk led to one of my greatest artistic and personal experiences and that I not only felt completely free I also met my husband during filming I think that you have to take risks all the time if you don't do that you don't move forward we are trying to be too conservative and the way that you think life and the results is that nobody voice ought to say I don't agree with this I agree with that so we have to push somehow our individuality to make sure that our voice can be heard I think risk is important for every company I think it is the essence of entrepreneurship whether you're the smallest company in the world or like Google the second largest company in the world to take smart risks all the time I run this experiment frequently with groups where I give them two choices choice a and choice B so choice a is you get to deliver a million dollars of bottom-line value to your company this year guaranteed choice B you get to deliver a billion dollars of bottom-line value to your company this year but only with one chance in 100 so everyone does the mental laugh I say who wants to say nobody raises their hand who wants choice B everybody raises their hand it's got an expected utility it's 10 times higher than choice a and then I say who here believes that your boss wants you to choose choice B and not a single person in the room raises their hand I mean these typically are large multinationals who want to be innovative and then I say you don't need a lecture on innovation you need a new boss you need a new context I really think that it's the context that matters we all inherently understand that taking smart risks is the right thing to do now what counts as smart what counts as a risk is different in different parts of a company or companies or different sizes make your move before you're ready we're instructed in in life to walk by faith and not by sight see you want to really begin to stretch yourself you want to become a risk-taker you want to raise the bar on yourself most people won't do that see most people engage in low life living low risk living Wisconsin if you're not willing to risk you cannot grow and if you cannot grow you cannot become your best and if you cannot become your best you can't be happy and if you can't be happy then what else is there I like what Helen Keller said life is short and unpredictable eat the dessert first you want to begin to take some checks you want to begin to challenge yourself to make it okay to fail and learn from your failures don't allow fear of failure and the allure the attractiveness of playing it safe in life to draw you in you can't get out of life alive you've got that dot I leave here now is the time to take risk so I would encourage you to take risks now do something bold you won't regret it you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MulliganBrothers [49 likes]: The video we have been working on with Hafþór 'THE MOUNTAIN' Björnsson will be out this week, I think it's our best yet so hopefully you all like it. If you'd like to support our channel it would mean a great deal if you watch and share that video when you receive the notification. We have really big plans we've been working on for years, they are coming into fruition and hopefully you'll get to see next year. Thank you all for your support over the years and even our new supporters, thank you from all the brothers.
  2. @Torab_Ali [21 likes]: If you have came to this video you already took a riskkkk❤️‍🔥
  3. @kingkoranteng1746 [8 likes]: I have been kicked out of three schools in the span of two years, all for the same reason—I have always prioritized my desire to start a 3D freelance company. Now, I have just been kicked out of my fourth school in Finland. I'm 22 years old, and I have no plans to stop pursuing that dream anytime soon.
  4. @DZLM [3 likes]: I'm at the point in my life we're I've been comfortable for the last year and half. Although I feel like, I'm wasting my talent, wasting my gift. I truly feel like I will be forgotten. Not for my name sake, but for something deep down internally that I have within me. Its there I can feel it, I just don't do it. I don't risk, I know I need to change, I know I need to go for it, I need to risk the comfortability and safety. For the life I truly want to live.
  5. @beyondmahfuj [1 likes]: The biggest risk you can take is not taking any risk.
  6. @FelSkele-Shorts [1 likes]: Ill be investing my whole savings into dropshipping...ill update yall after I get my first sale...wish me luck guys
  7. @SruthzzVihi [1 likes]: hope the risks i took in college willingly, make me better for my future pursuits.🤞
  8. @AishwaryaHirlekar [1 likes]: Hi, I want to quit my toxic job that makes me do things against my values and super scared of letting go my stable income but I see no growth here. It's killing me day by day. Want to start my own coaching venture. This video is helping me go closer to my goal. Thanks.
  9. @AppiahJustice-o6d [1 likes]: If I was bra e enough to take big risk, I would have became billionaire by now.
Before we risk, let learn from expert to know the conditions
  10. @CreativeSever [1 likes]: Feelings aside…. Im going all out
  11. @andrewfooboo9191: I stopped at Pitbull.
  12. @SweetNectorOfTheGod: Risk goes two ways positive and negative. Study risk management
  13. @agrimmonthebeat: Man I waana take a big loan to start a music company!
  14. @tmschuboy: Borrowing to buy a tablet and start animation
  15. @AnimalCarnival1: These videos are really eye opening. it's been a few years since i listened to these kind of talks, and i realized they really do put me in a better mood.
  16. @CRTV69: Back and forth between my job now that I’m not entirely happy at but could lead me to my own business eventually and a foreman job, the foreman job is a risk but reward more money , could always come back and start my business. Think I’m just gonna jump and hope and pray.
  17. @nanjalarahab8204: Just took a leap of faith and applied for am cruiseship job
  18. @MyLifeAsRaphael: Do not take stupid risk
  19. @Nextara: so super
  20. @vipinjha24: Beyond the Comfort Zone: Discovering the Benefits of Risk"

 Risk is an inherent part of life. Whether in personal relationships, career decisions, education, or entrepreneurship, risk-taking is often the bridge between where we are and where we want to be. While the idea of stepping outside our comfort zones can be intimidating, the willingness to take calculated risks can lead to growth, success, and a deeper understanding of ourselves. Embracing risk is not about being reckless; it's about having the courage to pursue opportunities, even when there is a possibility of failure. This essay explores the importance of taking risks, the potential benefits and challenges, and how it contributes to personal and professional development.

Importance Of Take Risk In Business 

https://realityinspirationblogs.blogspot.com/2025/04/beyond-comfort-zone-discovering.html

- The AI Safety Expert: These Are The Only 5 Jobs That Will Remain In 2030! - Dr. Roman Yampolskiy: Kind: captions Language: en You've been working on AI safety for two decades at least. >> Yeah. I was convinced we can make safe AI, but the more I looked at it, the more I realized is not something we can actually do. You have made a series of predictions about variety of different dates. So, what is your prediction for 2027? Dr. Roman Yampolskiy is a globally recognized voice on AI safety and associate professor of computer science. He educates people on the terrifying truth of AI >> and what we need to do to save humanity. In 2 years, the capability to replace most humans in most occupations will come very quickly. And then in 5 years, we're looking at a world where we have levels of unemployment we've never seen before. Not talking about 10% but 99%. And that's without super intelligence, a system smarter than all humans in all domains. So, it would be better than us at making new AI. But it's worse than that. We don't know how to make them safe. And yet we still have the smartest people in the world competing to win the race to super intelligence. But what do you make of people like Sam Altman's journey with AI? So, a decade ago, we published guardrails for how to do AI right. They violated every single one. And he's gambling 8 billion lives on getting richer and more powerful. So, I guess some people want to go to Mars. Others want to control the universe. But it doesn't matter who builds it. The moment you switch to super intelligence, we will most likely regret it terribly. And then by 2045? Now, this is where it gets interesting. Dr. Roman Yampolskiy, let's talk about simulation theory. I think we are in one. And there is a lot of agreement on this. And this is what you should be doing in it so they don't shut it down. First, I see messages all the time in the comment section that some of you didn't realize you didn't subscribe. So, if you could do me a favor and double-check if you're a subscriber to this channel, that would be tremendously appreciated. It's the simple, it's the free thing that anybody that watches this show frequently can do to help us here to keep everything going in this show in the trajectory it's on. So, please do double-check if you subscribed and uh thank you so much because in a strange way you are you're part of our history and you're on this journey with us and I appreciate you for that. So, yeah, thank you. Dr. Roman Yampolskiy. What is the mission that you're currently on? Cuz it's quite clear to me that you are on a bit of a mission and you've been on this mission for, I think, the best part of two decades at least. I'm hoping to make sure that super intelligence we are creating right now does not kill everyone. Give me some Give me some context on that statement cuz it's quite a shocking statement. Sure. So, the last decade, we actually figured out how to make artificial intelligence better. Turns out if you add more compute, more data, it just kind of becomes smarter. And so now, smartest people in the world, billions of dollars, all going to create the best possible super intelligence we can. Unfortunately, while we know how to make the systems much more capable, we don't know how to make them safe. How to make sure they don't do something we will regret. And that's the state of the art right now. When we look at just prediction markets, how soon will we get to advanced AI? The timelines are very short, couple years. Two, three years according to prediction markets, according to CEOs of top labs. And at the same time, we don't know how to make sure that the systems are aligned with our preferences. So, we are creating this alien intelligence. If aliens were coming to Earth and you had 3 years to prepare, you would be panicking right now. But most people don't don't even realize this is happening. So, some of the counterarguments might be, well, these are very, very smart people. These are very big companies with lots of money. They have a obligation and a moral obligation but also just a legal obligation to make sure they do no harm. So, I'm sure it'll be fine. The only obligation they have is to make money for their investors. That's the legal obligation they have. They have no moral or ethical obligations. Also, according to them, they don't know how to do it yet. The state-of-the-art answers are, we'll figure it out when we get there or AI will help us control more advanced AI. That's insane. In terms of probability, what do you think is the probability that something goes catastrophically wrong? So, nobody can tell you for sure what's going to happen. But if you're not in charge, you're not controlling it, you will not get outcomes you want. The space of possibilities is almost infinite. The space of outcomes we will like is tiny. And who are you and how long have you been working on this? I'm a computer scientist by training. I have a PhD in computer science and engineering. I probably started work in AI safety, mildly defined as control of bots at the time, 15 years ago. 15 years ago. So, you've been working on AI safety before it was cool. Before the term existed. I coined the term AI safety. So, you're the founder of the term AI safety? The term, yes, not the field. There are other people who did brilliant work before I got there. Why were you thinking about this 15 years ago? Because most people have only been talking about the term AI safety for the last two or three years. Yeah, it started very mildly just as a security project. I was looking at poker bots. And I realized that the bots are getting better and better. And if you just project this forward enough, they're going to get better than us, smarter, more capable. And it happened. They are playing poker way better than average players. But more generally, it will happen with all other domains, all the other cyber resources. I wanted to make sure AI is a technology which is beneficial for everyone. So, I started work on making AI safer. Was there a particular moment in your career where you thought, "Oh my god."? First 5 years at least, I was working on solving this problem. I was convinced we can make happen, we can make safe AI. That was the goal. But the more I looked at it, the more I realized every single component of that equation is not something we can actually do. And the more you zoom in, it's like a fractal. You go in and you find 10 more problems and then 100 more problems. And all of them are not just difficult, they're impossible to solve. There is no seminal work in this field where like, we solved this. We don't have to worry about this. There are patches. There are little fixes we put in place and quickly people find ways to work around them. They jailbreak whatever safety mechanisms we have. So, while progress in AI capabilities is exponential or maybe even hyper exponential, progress in AI safety is linear or constant. The gap is increasing. The gap between the the how capable the systems are and how well we can control them, predict what they're going to do, explain their decision-making. I think this is quite an important point because you said that we're basically patching over the issues that we find. So, we're developing this this core intelligence and then to stop it doing things or to stop it showing some of its unpredictability or its threats, the companies that are developing this AI are programming in code over the top to say, "Okay, don't swear. Don't say that rude word. Don't do that bad thing." Exactly. And you can look at other examples of that. So, HR manuals, right? We have those humans, they're general intelligences, but you want them to behave in a company. So, they have a policy. No sexual harassment. No this, no that. But if you're smart enough, you always find a workaround. So, you're just pushing behavior into a different, not yet restricted subdomain. We We should probably define some terms here. So, there's narrow intelligence which can play chess or whatever. There's artificial general intelligence which can operate across domains. And then super intelligence which is smarter than all humans in all domains. And where are we? So, that's a very fuzzy boundary, right? We definitely have many excellent narrow systems, no question about it. And they are super intelligent in that narrow domain. So, protein folding is a problem which was solved using narrow AI and it's superior to all humans in that domain. In terms of AGI, again I said, if we showed what we have today to a scientist from 20 years ago, they would be convinced we have full-blown AGI. We have systems which can learn. They can perform in hundreds of domains and they're better than human in many of them. So, you can argue we have a weak version of AGI. Now, we don't have super intelligence yet. We still have brilliant humans who are completely dominating AI, especially in science and engineering. But that gap is closing so fast. You can see especially in the domain of mathematics. 3 years ago, large language models couldn't do basic algebra. Multiplying three-digit numbers was a challenge. Now, they're helping with mathematical proofs. They're winning mathematics Olympiads, competitions. They're working on solving millennial problems, hardest problems in mathematics. So, in 3 years, we closed the gap from subhuman performance to better than most mathematicians in the world. And we see the same process happening in science and engineering. You have made a series of predictions and they correspond to a variety of different dates and I have those dates in front of me here. What is your prediction for the year We're probably looking at AGI as predicted by prediction markets and tops of the labs. So we'd have artificial general intelligence by 2027. And how would that make the world different to how it is now? So if you have this concept of a drop-in you have free labor, physical and cognitive, trillions of dollars of it. It makes no sense to hire humans for most jobs. If I can just get, you know, a $20 subscription or free model to do what an employee does, first, anything on a computer will be automated. And next thing, humanoid robots are maybe 5 years behind, so in 5 years all the physical labor can also be So we're looking at a world where we have levels of unemployment we've never seen before. Not talking about 10% unemployment, which is scary, but 99%. All you have left is jobs where, for whatever reason, you prefer another human would do it for you. But anything else can be fully automated. It doesn't mean it will be automated in practice. A lot of times technology exists, but it's not deployed. Video phones were invented in the '70s. Nobody had them until iPhones came around. So we may have a lot more time with jobs and with world which looks like this. But capability to replace most humans in most occupations will come very quickly. Okay, so let's try and drill down into that and and stress test it. So a podcaster like me, would you need a podcaster like me? So let's look at what you do. You prepare, you ask questions, you ask follow-up questions, and you look good on camera. Thank you so much. Let's see what we can do. Large language model today can easily read everything I wrote Yeah. and have very solid understanding. Better, I assume you haven't read every single one of my books. I haven't. Yeah. That thing would do it. It can train on every podcast you ever did, so it knows exactly your style, the types of questions you ask. It can also find correspondence between what worked really well, like this type of question really increased viewers, this type of topic was very promising, so it can optimize, I think, better than you can because you don't have a data set. Of course, visual simulation is trivial at this point. So it can you can make a video within seconds of me sat here and So we can generate videos of you interviewing anyone on any topic very efficiently and you just have to get likeness approval, whatever. Are there many jobs that you think would remain in a world of AGI? If you're saying AGI is potentially going to be here, whether it's deployed or not, by 2027, what kind and then okay, so let's take out of this any physical labor jobs for a second. Are there any jobs that you think a human would be able to do better in a world of AGI still? So that's the question I often ask people. In the world with AGI, and I think almost immediately we'll get superintelligence as a side effect. So the question really is, in a world of superintelligence, which is defined as better than all humans in all domains, what can you contribute? And so you know better than anyone what it's like to be you. You know what ice cream tastes to you. Can you get paid for that knowledge? Is someone interested in that? Maybe not, not a big market. There are jobs where you want a human. Maybe you're rich and you want a human accountant for whatever historic reasons. Old people like traditional ways of doing things. Warren Buffett would not switch to AI. He would use his human accountant. But it's a tiny subset of a market. Today we have products which are man-made in US as opposed to mass-produced in China, and some people pay more to have those. But it's a small subset. It's a almost a fetish. There is no practical reason for it. And I think anything you can do on a computer could be automated using that technology. You must hear a lot of rebuttals to when this when you say it because people experience a huge amount of mental discomfort when they hear that their job, their career, the thing they got a degree in, the thing they invested $100,000 into is going to be taken away from them. So their natural reaction, some for some people is that cognitive dissonance that no, you're wrong. AI can't be creative. It's not this, it's not that. It will never be interested in my job. I'll be fine because you hear these arguments all the time, right? >> It's really funny. I ask people and I ask people in different occupations. I'll ask my Uber driver, are you worried about self-driving cars? And they go, "No. No one can do what I do. I know the streets of New York. I can navigate like no AI. I'm safe." And it's true for any job. Professors are saying this to me. Oh, nobody can lecture like I do. Like this is so special. But you understand it's ridiculous. We already have self-driving cars replacing drivers. That is not even a question if it's possible. It's like how soon before you're fired. Yeah, I mean, I've just been in LA yesterday and my car drives itself. So I get in the car, I set I put in where I want to go, and then I don't touch the steering wheel or the brake pedals, and it takes me from A to B, even if it's an hour-long drive without any intervention at all. I actually still park it, but other than that, I'm not I'm not driving the car at all. And then obviously in LA we also have Waymo now, which means you order it on your phone and it shows up with no driver in it and takes you to where you want to go. Oh, yeah. So it's quite clear to see how that is potentially a matter of time. For those people, cuz we do have some of those people listening to this conversation right now, that their occupation is driving, to offer them a I think driving is the biggest oc- occupation in the world, if I'm correct. I I'm pretty sure it is the biggest occupation in the world. >> of the top ones, yeah. What would you say to those people? What what should they be doing with their lives? What should they should they be retraining in something or what time frame? So that's the paradigm shift here. Before we always said this job is going to be automated, retrain to do this other job. But if I'm telling you that all jobs will be automated, then there is no plan B. You cannot retrain. Look at computer science. 2 years ago, we told people, learn to code. Mhm. You are an artist, you cannot make money, learn to code. Then we realized, oh, AI kind of knows how to code and getting better. Become a prompt engineer. You can engineer prompts for AIs. It's going to be a great job. Get a 4-year degree in it. But then we're like, AI is way better at designing prompts for other AIs than any human. So that's gone. So I can't really tell you right now, the hottest thing is design AI agents for practical applications. I guarantee you in a year or two it's going to be gone just as well. So I don't think there is a this occupation needs to learn to do this instead. I think it's more like, where's the humanity when we all lose our jobs? What do we do? What do we do financially? Who's paying for us? And what do we do in terms of meaning? What do I do with my extra 60, 80 hours a week? You've thought around this corner, haven't you? A little bit. What is around that corner in your view? So the economic part seems easy. If you create a lot of free labor, you have a lot of free wealth, abundance, things which are right now not very affordable become dirt cheap, and so you can provide for everyone's basic needs. Some people say you can provide beyond basic needs. You can provide very good existence for everyone. The hard problem what do you do with all that free time? For a lot of people, their jobs are what gives them meaning in their lives, so they would retire or do early retirement. And for so many people who hate their jobs, they'll be very happy not working. But now you have people who are chilling all day. What happens to society? How does that impact crime rate, pregnancy rate, all sorts of issues? Nobody thinks about. Governments don't have programs prepared to deal with 99% unemployment. What do you think that world looks like? Again, I I think >> you going to be doing? very important part to understand here is the unpredictability of it. We cannot predict what a smarter than us system will do. And the point when we get to that is often called singularity, by analogy with physical singularity. You cannot see beyond the event horizon. I can tell you what I think might happen, but that's my prediction. It is not what actually is going to happen because I just don't have cognitive ability to predict a much smarter agent impacting this world. When you read science fiction, there is never a superintelligence in it actually doing anything because nobody can write believable science fiction at that level. They either banned AI, like Dune, because this way you can avoid writing about it, or it's like Star Wars. You have this really dumb bots, but not nothing superintelligent ever. Cuz by definition, you cannot predict at that level. Because by definition of it being superintelligent, it will make its own mind up. By definition, if it was something you could predict, you would be operating at the same level of intelligence, violating our assumption that it is smarter than you. If I'm playing chess with super intelligence and I can predict every move, I'm playing at that level. It's kind of like my French bulldog trying to predict exactly what I'm thinking and what I'm going to do. That's a good cognitive gap. And it's not just he can predict you going to work, you coming back, but he cannot understand why you doing a podcast. That is something completely outside of his model of the world. Yeah, he doesn't even know that I go to work. He just sees that I leave the house and doesn't know where I go. By food for him. What's the most persuasive argument against your own perspective here? That we will not have unemployment due to advanced technology? That there won't be this French bulldog human gap in understanding and I guess like power and control. So, some people think that we can enhance human minds either through combination with hardware, so something like Neuralink, or through genetic engineering to where we make smarter humans. Yeah. It may give us a little more intelligence. I don't think we are still competitive in biological form with silicon form. Silicon substrate is much more capable for intelligence. It's faster. It's more resilient, more energy efficient in many ways. Which is what computers are made out of the brain. Yeah. So, I don't think we can keep up just with improving our biology. Some people think maybe, and this is very speculative, we can upload our minds into computers. So, scan your brain, connectome of your brain, and have a simulation running on a computer and you can speed it up, give it more capabilities. But to me, that feels like you no longer exist. We just created software by different means and now you have AI based on biology and AI based on some other forms of training. You can have evolutionary algorithms. You can have many paths to reach AGI. But at the end, none of them are humans. I have a another date here, which is 2030. What's your prediction for 2030? What will the world look like? So, we probably will have humanoid robots with enough flexibility, dexterity to compete with humans in all domains, including plumbers. We can make artificial plumbers. Not the plumbers. We That was That felt like the last bastion of human employment. So, 2030, 5 years from now, humanoid robots So, many of the companies, the leading companies, including Tesla, are developing humanoid robots at light speed and they're getting increasingly more effective. And these humanoid robots will be able to move through physical space, for you know, make an omelet, do anything humans can do, but obviously have be connected to AI as well. So, they can think, talk, Like they're controlled by AI. They're always connected to the network, so they are already dominating in many ways. Our world will look remarkably different when humanoid robots are functional and effective. Because that's really when, you know, I start to think, "Crap." Like the combination of intelligence and physical ability is really really doesn't leave much, does it, for us um human beings. Not much. So, today, if you have intelligence through internet, you can hire humans to do your bidding for you. You can pay them in Bitcoin, so you can have bodies, just not directly controlling them. So, it's not a huge game changer to add direct control of physical bodies. Intelligence is where it's at. The important component is definitely higher ability to optimize, to solve problems, to find patterns people cannot see. And then by 2045, I guess the world looks even even more um which is 20 years from now. So, if it's still around, If it's still around, >> Ray Kurzweil predicts that that's the year for the singularity. That's the year where progress becomes so fast, so this AI doing science and engineering work makes improvements so quickly we cannot keep up anymore. That's the definition of singularity, point beyond which we cannot see, understand, predict. See, understand, predict the intelligence itself or What is happening in the world? The technology is being developed. So, right now, if I have an iPhone, I can look forward to a new one coming out next year and I'll understand it has slightly better camera. Imagine now this process of researching and developing this phone is automated. It happens every 6 months, every 3 every month, week, day, hour, minute, second. You cannot keep up with 30 iterations of iPhone in 1 day. You don't understand what capabilities it has, what proper controls are. It just escapes you. Right now, it's hard for any researcher in AI to keep up with the state of the art. While I was doing this interview with you, a new model came out and I will no longer know what the state of the art is. Every day, as a percentage of total knowledge, I get dumber. I may still know more because I keep reading, but as a percentage of overall knowledge, we all getting dumber. And when you take it to extreme values, you have zero knowledge, zero understanding of the world around you. Some of the arguments against this eventuality are that when you look at other technologies like the Industrial Revolution, people just found new ways to to work and new careers that we could never have imagined at the time were created. How do you respond to that in a world of super intelligence? It's a paradigm shift. We always had tools, new tools which allowed some job to be done more efficiently. So, instead of having 10 workers, you could have two workers and eight workers had to find a new job. And there was another job. Now you can supervise these workers or do something cool. If you creating a meta invention, you inventing intelligence, you inventing a worker, an agent, then you can apply that agent to the new job. There is not a job which cannot be automated. That never happened before. All the inventions we previously had were kind of a tool for doing something. So, we invented fire. Huge game changer. But that's it. It stops with fire. We invent a wheel. Same idea. Huge implications, but wheel itself is not an inventor. Here we are inventing a replacement for human mind, a new inventor capable of doing new inventions. It's the last invention we ever have to make. At that point, it takes over and the process of doing science, research, even ethics research, morals, all that is automated at that point. Do you sleep well at night? Really well. Even though you you spent the last 15, 20 years of your life working on AI safety and it's suddenly among us in a in a way that I don't think anyone could have predicted 5 years ago. When I say among us, I really mean that the amount of funding and talent that is now focused on reaching super intelligence faster has made it feel more inevitable and more soon than any of us could have possibly imagined. We as humans have this built-in bias about not thinking about really bad outcomes and things we cannot prevent. So, all of us are dying. Your kids are dying, your parents are dying, everyone's dying, but you still sleep well, you still go on with your day. Even 95-year-olds are still doing games and playing golf and whatnot, cuz we have this ability to not think about the worst outcomes, especially if we cannot actually modify the outcome. So, that's the same infrastructure being used for this. Yeah, there is humanity level death-like event. We happening to be close to it probably, but unless I can do something about it, I I can just keep enjoying my life. In fact, maybe knowing that you have limited amount of time left gives you more reason to have a better life. You cannot waste any. And that's the survival trait of evolution, I guess, because those of my ancestors that spent all their time worrying wouldn't have spent enough time having babies and hunting to survive. >> Suicidal ideation. People who really start thinking about how horrible the world is usually escape pretty soon. Mhm. One of the You co-authored this paper um analyzing the key arguments people make against the importance of AI safety. And one of the arguments in there is that there's other things that are of bigger importance right now. It might be world wars, it could be nuclear containment, it could be other things. There's other things that the governments and podcasters like me should be talking about that are more important. What's your rebuttal to that argument? >> So, super intelligence is a meta solution. If we get super intelligence right, it will help us with climate change, it will help us with wars, it can solve all the other existential risks. If we don't get it right, it dominates. If climate change will take 100 years to boil us alive and super intelligence kills everyone in five, I don't have to worry about climate change. So, either way, either it solves it for me or it's not an issue. So, you think it's the most important thing to be working on? Without question, there is nothing more important than getting this right. And I know everyone says it. You take any class but you take English professor's class and he tells you this is the most important class you'll ever take. But you can see the meta level differences with this one. Another argument in that paper is that we will be in control and that the danger is not AI. This particular argument asserts that AI is just a tool. Humans are the real actors that present danger and we can always maintain control by simply turning it off. Can't we just pull the plug out? I see that every time we have a conversation on the show about AI, someone says can't we just unplug it? Yeah, I get those comments on every podcast I make and I always want to like get in touch with the guy and say this is brilliant. I never thought of it. We're going to write a paper together and get a Nobel Prize for it. This is like let's do it. Because it's so silly. Like can you turn off a virus? You have a computer virus you don't like. You turn it off. How about Bitcoin? Turn off Bitcoin network. Go ahead. I'll wait. This is silly. Those are distributed systems. You cannot turn them off and on top of it they're smarter than you. They made multiple backups. They predicted what you're going to do. They will turn you off before you can turn them off. The idea that we will be in control applies only to pre super intelligence levels. Basically what we have today. Today humans with AI tools are dangerous. They can be hackers, malevolent actors. Absolutely. But the moment super intelligence becomes smarter, dominates, they no longer be important part of that equation. It is the higher intelligence I'm concerned about, not the human who may add additional malevolent payload but at the end still doesn't control it. It is tempting follow your the next argument that I saw in that paper which basically says listen this is inevitable. So there's no point fighting against it because there's really no hope here. So we should probably give up even trying and be faithful that it will work itself out. Because everything you've said sounds really inevitable. And if with China working on it, I'm sure Putin's got some secret division. I'm sure Iran are doing some bits and pieces. Every European country is trying to get ahead of AI. The United States is leading the way. So it's it's inevitable. So we probably should just have faith and pray. Praying is always good but incentives matter. If you looking at what drives these people. So yes, money is important. So there is a lot of money in that space and so everyone's trying to be there and develop this technology. But if they truly understand the argument, they understand that you will be dead. No amount of money will be useful to Then incentives switch. They would want to not be dead. A lot of them are young people, rich people. They have their whole lives ahead of them. I think they would be better off not building advanced super intelligence, concentrating on narrow AI tools for solving specific problems. Okay, my company cures breast cancer. That's all. We make billions of dollars. Everyone's happy. Everyone benefits. It's a win. We are still in control today. It's not over until it's over. We can decide not to build general super intelligences. I mean the United States might be able to conjure up enough enthusiasm for that. But if the United States doesn't build general super intelligences, then China are going to have the big advantage, right? So right now at those levels, whoever has more advanced AI has more advanced military. No question. We see it with existing conflicts. But the moment you switch to super intelligence and control super intelligence, it doesn't matter who builds it, us or them. And if they understand this argument, they also would not build it. It's a mutually assured destruction on both ends. Is this technology different than say nuclear weapons which require a huge amount of investment and you have to like enrich the uranium and you need billions of dollars potentially to even build a nuclear weapon. But it feels like this technology is much cheaper to get to super intelligence potentially or at least it will become cheaper. I wonder if it's possible that some some guy, some startup is going to be able to build super intelligence in you know, a couple of years without the need of you know, billions of dollars of compute or or electricity power. That's a great point. So every year it becomes cheaper and cheaper to train sufficiently large model. If today it would take a trillion dollars to build super intelligence, next year it could be 100 billion and so on. At some point a guy in a laptop could do it. But you don't want to wait four years to make it affordable. So that's why so much money is pouring in. Somebody wants to get there this year and lock in all the winnings. Litecoin level award. So in that regard they're both very expensive projects like Manhattan level projects. Which is the nuclear bomb project. >> Right. The difference between the two technologies is that nuclear weapons are still tools. Some dictator, some country, someone has to decide to use them, deploy them. Whereas super intelligence is not a is not a tool. It's an agent. It makes its own decisions and no one is controlling it. I cannot take out this dictator and now super intelligence is safe. So that's a fundamental difference to me. But if you're saying that it is going to get incrementally cheaper like I think it's Moore's law, isn't it? The technology gets cheaper. It does. Then there is a future where some guy on his laptop is going to be able to create super intelligence without oversight or regulation or employees, etc. Yeah, that's why a lot of people suggesting we need to build something like um surveillance planet where you are monitoring who's doing what and you're trying to prevent people from doing it. Do I think it's feasible? No. At some point it becomes so affordable and so trivial that it just will happen. But at this point we're trying to get more time. We don't want it to happen in five years. We want it to happen in 50 years. I mean that's not very hopeful. Depends on how old you are. Depends on how old you are. I mean if you're saying that you believe in the future people will be able to make super intelligence without the resources that are required today, then it is just a matter of time. Yeah, but so will be true for many other technologies. We're getting much better in synthetic biology where today someone with a bachelor's degree in biology can probably create a new virus. This will also become cheaper. Other technologies like that. So we are approaching a point where it's very difficult to make sure no technological breakthrough is the last one. So essentially in many directions we have this pattern of making it easier in terms of resources, in terms of intelligence to destroy the world. If you look at I don't know, 500 years ago, the worst dictator with all the resources could kill couple million people. He couldn't destroy the world. Now we know nuclear weapons we can blow up the whole planet multiple times over. Synthetic biology we saw with COVID, you can very easily create a combination virus which impacts billions of people. And all those things becoming easier to do. In the near term you talk about extinction being a real risk, human extinction being a real risk. Of all the the pathways to human extinction that you think are most likely, what what is the leading pathway? Because I know you talk about there being some issue pre-deployment of these AI tools like you know, someone makes a mistake when they're designing a model or other issues post-deployment. When I say post-deployment, I mean once the chat GPT or something, an agent is released into the world and someone hacking into it and changing it and reprogram reprogramming it to be malicious. Of all these potential paths to human extinction, which one do you think is the highest probability? So I can only talk about the ones I can predict myself. So I can predict even before we get a super intelligence, someone will create a very advanced biological tool, create a novel virus and that virus gets everyone or most everyone. I can envision it. I can understand the pathway. I can say that. So just assuming on that then, that would be using an AI to make a virus and then releasing it. Yeah. And would that be intentional or There is a lot of psychopaths, a lot of terrorists, a lot of doomsday cults. We've seen historically again, they tried to kill as many people as they can. They usually fail. They kill hundreds of thousands. But if they get technology to kill millions or billions, they would do that gladly. The point I'm trying to emphasize is that it doesn't matter what I can come up with. I am not a malevolent actor you're trying to defeat here. It's the super intelligence which can come up with completely novel ways of doing it. Again, you brought up example of your dog. Your dog cannot understand all the ways you can take it out. It can maybe think you'll bite it to death or something. But that's all. Whereas you have infinite supply of resources. So if I asked your dog exactly how you're going to take it out, it would not give you a meaningful answer. It can talk about biting. And this is what we know. We know viruses. We experienced viruses. We can talk about them. But what an AI system capable of doing novel physics research can come up with is beyond me. One of the things that I think most people don't understand is how little we understand about how these AIs are actually working. Cuz one would assume, you know, with computers, we kind of understand how a computer works. We we know that it's doing this and then this and it's running on code. But, from reading your work, you describe it as being a black box. We actually So, in the context of something like ChatGPT or an AI we know, you're telling me that the people that have built that tool don't actually know what's going on inside there. That's exactly right. So, even people making those systems have to run experiments on their product to learn what it's capable of. So, they train it by giving it all of data, let's say all of internet text. They run it on a lot of computers to learn patterns in that text. And then we start experimenting with that model. Oh, do you speak French? Or, can you do mathematics? Or, are you lying to me now? And so, maybe it takes a year to train it and then 6 months to get some fundamentals about what it's capable of. Some safety overhead. But, we still discover new capabilities in old models. If you ask a question in a different way, it becomes smarter. So, it's no longer engineering how it was the first 50 years where someone was a knowledge engineer programming an expert system AI to do specific things. It's a science. We are creating this artifact, growing it. It's like a alien plant. And then we study it to see what it's doing. And just like with plants, we don't have 100% accurate knowledge of biology. We don't have full knowledge here. We kind of know some patterns. We know, okay, if we add more compute, it gets smarter most of the time. But, nobody can tell you precisely what the outcome is going to be given a set of inputs. I've watched so many entrepreneurs treat sales like a performance problem. When it's often down to visibility. Because when you can't see what's happening in your pipeline, what stage each conversation is at, what's stalled, what's moving, you can't improve anything. And you can't close the deal. Our sponsor, Pipedrive, is the number one CRM tool for small to medium businesses. Not just a contact list, but an actual system that shows your entire sales process end-to-end. Everything that's live, what's lagging, and the steps you need to take next. All of your teams can move smarter and faster. Teams using Pipedrive are on average closing three times more deals than those that aren't. It's the first CRM made by sales people for sales people that over 100,000 companies around the world rely on, including my team who absolutely love it. Give Pipedrive a try today by visiting pipedrive.com/ceo. And you can get up and running in a couple of minutes with no payment needed. And if you use this link, you'll get a 30-day free trial. What do you make of OpenAI and Sam Altman and what they're doing? And obviously, you're aware that one of the co-founders, was it um This was Ilya Sutskever? Ilya yeah. Ilya left and he started a a new company called Superintelligence Safety. Superintelligence Safety. >> AI safety wasn't challenging enough, he decided to just jump right to the hard problem. As an onlooker, when you see that people are leaving OpenAI to to start superintelligent safety companies, what was your read on that situation? So, a lot of people who worked with Sam said that maybe he's not the most direct person in terms of being honest with them and they had concerns about his views on safety. That's part of it. So, they wanted more control, they wanted more concentration on safety. But, also it seems that anyone who leaves that company and starts a new one gets a $20 valuation just for having it started. You don't have a product, you don't have customers, but if you want to make many billions of dollars, just do that. So, it seems like a very rational thing to do for anyone who can. So, I'm not surprised that there is a lot of attrition. Meeting him in person, he's super nice, very smart. Absolutely perfect public interface. You see him testify in the Senate, he says the right thing to the senators. You see him talk to the investors, they get the right message. But, if you look at what people who know him personally are saying, it's probably not the right person to be controlling a project of that impact. Why? He puts safety second. Second to winning this race to superintelligence, being the guy who created God and controlling light cone of the universe. He's worse. Do you suspect that's what he's driven by is by the the legacy of being an impactful person that did a remarkable thing versus the consequence that that might have on for society? Because it's interesting that his his other startup is Worldcoin, which is basically a platform to create universal basic income. I a platform to give us income in a world where people don't have jobs anymore. So, on one hand you're creating an AI company, on the other hand you're creating a company that is preparing for people to not have employment. It also has other properties. It keeps track of everyone's biometrics. It keeps you in charge of a world's economy, world's wealth. They are retaining a large portion of Worldcoins. So, I I think it's kind of very reasonable part to integrate with world dominance. If you have a superintelligence system and you control money, you're doing well. Why would someone want world dominance? People have different levels of ambition. Then you are very young person with billions of dollars, fame, you start looking for more ambitious projects. Some people want to go to Mars, others want to control light cone of the universe. What What did you say, light cone of the universe? >> Light cone. So, every part of the universe light can reach from this point, meaning anything accessible you want to grab and bring into your control. You think Sam Altman wants to control every part of the universe? I I suspect he might, yes. Hmm. It doesn't mean he doesn't want a side effect of it being a very beneficial technology which makes all the humans happy. Happy humans are good for control. If you had to guess what the world looks like in 2100, if you had to guess, it's either free of human existence or it's completely not comprehensible to someone like us. It's one of those extremes. So, there's either no humans It's basically the world is destroyed or it's so different that I cannot envision those predictions. What can be done to turn this ship to a more certain positive outcome at this point? Is Is there still things that we can do or is it too late? So, I believe in personal self-interest. If people realize that doing this thing is really bad for them personally, they will not do it. So, our job is to convince everyone with any power in this space creating this technology working for these companies, they are doing something very bad for them. Not just forget about eight billion people you're experimenting on with no permission, no consent, you will not be happy with the outcome. If we can get everyone to understand that's the default, and it's not just me saying it. You had Geoff Hinton on him. Nobel Prize winner, founder of the whole machine learning space. He says the same thing. Bengio, dozens of others, top scholars. We had a statement about dangers of AI signed by thousands of scholars, computer scientists. This is basically what we think right now and we need to make it a universal. No one should disagree with this. And then, we may actually make good decisions about what technology to build. It doesn't guarantee long-term safety for humanity, but it means we're not trying to get there as soon as possible to the worst possible outcome. And do you Are you hopeful that that's even possible? I want to try. We have no choice but to try. And what would need to happen and who would need to act? What is it government legislation? Is it Unfortunately, I don't think making it illegal is sufficient. There are different jurisdictions, there is, you know, loopholes. And what are you going to do if somebody does it? You're going to fine them for destroying humanity? Like very steep fines for it? Like what are you going to do? It's not enforceable. If they do create it, now the superintelligence is in charge. So, the judicial system we have is not impactful. And all the punishments we have are designed for punishing humans. Prisons, capital punishment doesn't apply to AI. Here's the problem I have is when I have these conversations, I never feel like I walk away with hope that something's going to go well. And what I mean by that is I never feel like I walk away with clear some kind of a clear set of actions that can course correct what might happen here. So, what should What should I do? What should the person sat at home listening to this do? You You talked to a lot of people who are building this technology. Mhm. Ask them precisely to explain some of those things they claim to be impossible, how they solved it or going to solve it before they get to where they're going. Do you know, I don't think Sam Altman wants to talk to me. I don't know. He seems to go on a lot of podcasts. Maybe he does. >> wants to go on mine. I wonder why that is. I'd love to speak to him, but I don't I don't think he wants to I don't think he wants me to interview him. Have an open challenge. Maybe money is not the incentive, but whatever attracts people like that, whoever can convince you that it's possible to control and make safe super intelligence gets the prize. They come on your show and prove their case. Anyone. If no one claims the prize or even accepts the challenge after a few years, maybe we don't have anyone with solutions. We have companies valued again at billions and billions of dollars working on safe super intelligence. We haven't seen their output yet. Yeah, I'd like to speak to Ilya as well cuz I know he's he's working on safe super intelligence, so Notice the pattern too. If you look at history of AI safety organizations or departments within companies, they usually start well, very ambitious, and then they fail and disappear. So, OpenAI had super intelligence alignment team. The day they announced it, I think they said we're going to solve it in 4 years. Like half a year later they canceled the And there is dozens of similar examples. Leading a perfect safety for super intelligence, perpetual safety as it keeps improving, modifying, interacting with people. You're never going to get there. It's impossible. There is a big difference between difficult problems in computer science and be complete problems and impossible problems. And I think control indefinite control of super intelligence is such a problem. So, what's the point trying then if it's impossible? Well, I'm trying to prove that it is specifically that. Once we establish something is impossible, fewer people will waste their time claiming they can do it and find looking for money. So many people go and give me a billion dollars in 2 years and I'll solve it for you. Well, I don't think you will. But people aren't going to stop striving towards it. So, if there's no attempts make it safe and there's more people increasingly striving towards it, then it's inevitable. But it changes what we do. If we know that it's impossible to make it right, to make it safe, then this direct path of just build it as soon as you can become suicide mission. Hopefully fewer people will pursue that. They may go in other directions like again, I'm a scientist, I'm an engineer. I love AI. I love technology. I use it all the time. Build useful tools. Stop building agents. Build narrow super intelligence, not a general one. I'm not saying you shouldn't make billions of dollars. I love billions of dollars. don't kill everyone, yourself included. They don't think they're going to though. Then tell us why. I hear things about intuition. I hear things about we'll solve it later. Tell me specifically in scientific terms. Publish a peer-reviewed paper explaining how you're going to control super It's strange. It's strange to it's strange to even bother if there was even a 1% chance of human extinction. It's strange to do something. Like if there was a 1% chance Someone told me there was a 1% chance that if I got in a car, I might not I might not be alive, I would not get in the car. If you told me there was a 1% chance that if I drank whatever liquid is in this cup right now, I might die, I would not drink the liquid. Even if there was a billion dollars if I survived. So, the 99% chance is I get a billion dollars, the 1% is I die. I wouldn't drink it. I wouldn't take the chance. It's worse than that. Not just you die, everyone dies. Yeah. Yeah. Now, would we let you drink it at any odds? That's for us to decide. You don't get to make that choice for us. To get consent from human subjects, you need them to comprehend what they are consenting to. If those systems are unexplainable, unpredictable, how can they consent? They don't know what they are consenting to. Mhm. So, it's impossible to get consent by definition. So, this experiment can never be run ethically. By definition, they are doing unethical experimentation on human subjects. Do you think people should be protesting? There are people protesting. There is Stop AI. There is Pause AI. They block offices of OpenAI. They do it weekly, monthly. There are quite a few actions and they're recruiting new people. You think more people should be protesting? Do you think that's an effective solution? If you can get it to a large enough scale to where majority of population is participating, it would be impactful. I don't know if they can scale from current numbers to that, but I support everyone trying everything peacefully and legally. And for the for the person listening at home, what should they what should they be doing? What what cuz they they don't want to feel powerless. None of us want to feel powerless. So, it depends on what scale we are asking about time scale. I was saying like this year your kid goes to college, what major to pick? Should they go to college at all? Yeah. Should you switch jobs? Should you go into certain industries? Those questions we can answer. We can talk about immediate future. What should you do in 5 years with this being created? For an average person, not much. Just like they can't influence World War III nuclear holocaust, anything like that. It's not something anyone's going to ask them about. Today, if you want to be a part of this movement, yeah, join Pause AI, join Stop AI. Those are organizations currently trying to build up momentum to bring democratic powers to influence those individuals. So, in the meantime, not a huge amount. I was wondering if there there are any interesting strategies in the meantime. Like should I be thinking differently about my family, about I mean, you've got kids, right? You've got three kids. That I know about, yeah. How are you thinking about parenting in this world that you see around the corner? How are you thinking about what to say to them, the advice to give them, what they should be learning? So, there is general advice. I would say that there is the main that you should live your everyday as if it's your last. It's a good advice no matter what. If you have 3 years left or 30 years left, you live your best life. try to not do things you hate for too long. Do interesting things. Do impactful things. If you can do all that while helping people, do that. Simulation theory is a interesting sort of adjacent subject here because as computers begin to accelerate and get more intelligent and we're able to you know, do things with AI that we can never have imagined in terms of like imagine the worlds that we could create with virtual reality. I think it was Google that recently released what was it called? Um like the AI worlds. You take a picture and it generates a whole world. Yeah. Yeah. You can move through the world. I'll put it on the screen for people to see, but Google have released this technology which allows you, I think with a simple prompt actually, to make a three-dimensional world that you can then navigate through. And in that world it has memory. So, in the world if you paint on a wall and turn away, you look back, the wall >> Yeah, it's persistent. And when I saw that, I thought oh God, Jesus, bloody hell, this is this is like the foothills of being able to create a simulation that's indistinguishable from everything I see here. Right. That's why I think we are in one. That's exactly the reason. AI is getting to the level of creating human agents, human level agents, and virtual reality is getting to the level of being indistinguishable from ours. So, you think this is a simulation? I'm pretty sure we are in a simulation, yeah. For someone that isn't familiar with the simulation arguments, what are what are the first principles here that convince you that we are currently living in a simulation? you need certain technologies to make it happen. If you believe we can create human level AI, Yeah. and you believe we can create virtual reality as good as this in terms of resolution, haptics, whatever properties it has, then I commit right now, the moment this is affordable, I'm going to run billions of simulations of this exact moment making sure you are statistically in one. Say that last part again. You're going to run you're going to run I'm going to commit right now when it's very affordable. It's like 10 bucks a month to run it. I'm going to run a billion simulations of this interview. Because statistically that means you are in one right now. The chance of you being in the real one is one in a billion. Okay. So, to make sure I'm clear on this, It's a retroactive placement. Yeah. So, the minute it's affordable, then you can run billions of them and they would feel and appear to be exactly like this interview right now. >> Right. So, assuming that AI has internal states, experiences, qualia. Some people argue that they don't. Some say they already have it. That's a separate philosophical question, but if we can simulate this, I will. Some people might misunderstand. You're not you're not saying that you will. You're saying that someone will. I can also do it. I don't mind. Okay. Of course, others will do it before I get there. If I'm getting it for $10, somebody got it for $1,000. That's not the point. If you have technology, we're definitely running a lot of simulations for research, for entertainment, games, all sorts of reasons. And the number of those greatly exceeds the number of real worlds we're in. Look at all the video games kids are playing. Every kid plays 10 different games. You know, billion kids in the world. So, there is 10 billion simulations in one real world. Mhm. Even more so when we think about advanced AI super intelligent systems. Their thinking is not like ours. They think in a lot more detail. They run experiments. So, running a detailed simulation of some problem at the level of creating artificial humans and simulating the whole planet would be something they'll do routinely. So, there is a good chance this is not me doing it for $10. It's a future simulation thinking about something in So, it could be the case that a species of humans or a species of intelligence in some form got to this point where they could affordably run simulations that are indistinguishable from this and they decided to do it and this is it right now. And it would make sense that they would run simulations as experiments or for games or for entertainment. And also, when we think about time in the world that I'm in in this simulation that I could be in right now, time feels long relatively. You know, I have 24 hours in a day, but on there in their world it could be Time is relative. Relative, yeah. It could be a second. My whole life could be a millisecond in there. >> Right. You can change speed of simulations you're running for sure. So, your belief is that this is probably a simulation. Most likely. And there is a lot of agreement on that if you look again returning to religions. Every religion basically describes what? A super intelligent being an engineer, a programmer creating a fake world for testing purposes or for whatever. But, if you took the simulation hypothesis paper you go to jungle, you talk to primitive people, a local tribe and in their language you tell them about it. Go back two generations later. They have religion. That's basically what the story is. Religion, you know, it describes a simulation theory basically. Somebody creates >> So, by default that was the first theory we had and now with science more and more people are going like I'm giving it non-trivial probability. A few people as high as I am, but a lot of people give it some credence. What percentage are you at in terms of believing that we are currently living in a simulation? Very close to certainty. And what does that mean for the nature of your life? If you're close to 100% certain that we are currently living in a simulation does that change anything in your life? So, all the things you care about are still the same. Pain still hurts. Love still love, right? Like those things are not different, so it doesn't matter. They're still important. That's what matters. The little 1% difference is that I care about what's outside the simulation. I want to learn about it. I write papers about it. So, that's the only impact. And what do you think is outside of the simulation? I don't know. But, we can look at this world and derive some properties of the simulators. So, clearly brilliant engineer, brilliant scientist, brilliant artist. Not so good with morals and ethics. Room for improvement. In our view of what morals and ethics should be. Well, we we know there is suffering in the world. So, unless you think it's ethical to torture children, I'm questioning your approach. But, in terms of incentives to create a positive incentive, you probably also need to create negative incentives. Suffering seems to be one of the negatives and incentives built into our design to stop me doing things I shouldn't do. So, like put my hand in a fire, it's going to hurt. But, it's all about levels, levels of suffering, right? So, unpleasant stimuli, negative feedback doesn't have to be at like negative infinity hell levels. You don't want to burn alive and feel it. You want to be like, "Oh, this is uncomfortable. I'm going to stop." It's interesting because we we assume that they don't have great moral morals and ethics, but we too would we take animals and cook them and eat them for a dinner and we also take conduct experiments on mice and rats >> But, to get university approval to conduct an experiment you submit a proposal and there is a panel of ethicists who would say, "You can't experiment on humans. You can't burn babies. You can't eat animals alive." All those things would be banned. In most parts of the world. Where they have ethical boards. Yeah. Cuz some places don't bother with it, so they have easier approval process. It's funny when you talk about the simulation theory, there's a there's an element of the conversation that makes life feel less meaningful in a weird way. Like I know it doesn't matter but whenever I have this conversation with people not on the podcast about are we living in a simulation you almost see a little bit of meaning come out of their life for a second and then they forget and then they carry on. But, the the the thought that this is a simulation almost posits that it's not important or that I I think humans want to believe that this is the highest level and we're that the most important and we're the it's all about us. We're quite egotistical by design. And yeah, I just a interesting observation I've always had when I have these conversations with people that it it seems to strip something out of their life. Do you feel religious people feel that way? They know there is another world and the one that matters is not this one. Do you feel they don't value their lives the same? I guess in some religions. Think um they think that this world is being created for them and that they are going to go to this heaven or or hell and that still puts them at the very center of it. But, it but if it's a simulation, you know, we could just be some computer game that a 4-year-old alien has is messing around with and while he's got some time to burn. But, maybe there is, you know, a test and there is a better simulation you go to and a worse one. Maybe there are different difficulty levels. Maybe you want to play it on a harder setting next time. I've just invested millions into this and become a co-owner of the company. It's a company called KetoneIQ and the story is quite interesting. I started talking about ketosis on this podcast and the fact that I'm very low carb, very very low sugar and my body produces ketones which have made me incredibly focused, have improved my endurance, have improved my mood and have made me more capable at doing what I do here. And because I was talking about it on the podcast, a couple of weeks later these showed up on my desk in my HQ in London, these little shots. And oh my god. The impact this had on my ability to articulate myself, on my focus, on my workouts, on my mood, on stopping me crashing throughout the day was so profound that I reached out to the founders of the company and now I'm a co-owner of this business. I highly highly recommend you look into this. I highly recommend you look at the science behind the product. If you want to try it for yourself, visit ketone.com/steven for 30% off your subscription order and you'll also get a free gift with your second shipment. That's ketone.com/steven. And I'm so honored that once again a company I own can sponsor my podcast. I've built companies from scratch and backed many more. And there's a blind spot that I keep seeing in early stage founders. They spend very little time thinking about HR. And it's not because they're reckless or they don't care, it's because they're obsessed with building their companies and I can't fault them for that. At that stage you're thinking about the product, how to attract new customers, how to grow your team, really how to survive. And HR slips down the list because it doesn't feel urgent. But, sooner or later it is. And when things get messy, tools like our sponsor today JustWorks go from being a nice-to-have to being a necessity. Something goes sideways and you find yourself having conversations you did not see coming. This is when you learn that HR really is the infrastructure of your company and without it things wobble. And JustWorks stops you learning this the hard way. It takes care of the stuff that would otherwise drain your energy and your time automating payroll, health insurance benefits and it gives your team human support at any hour. It grows with your small business from startup through to growth even when you start hiring team members abroad. So, if you want HR support that's there through the exciting times and the challenging times, head to justworks.com now. That's justworks.com. And do you think much about longevity? A lot, yeah. It's probably the second most important problem because if AI doesn't get us, that will. What do you mean? You're going to die of old age. Which is fine. That's not good. You want to die? I mean You don't have to. It's just a disease. We can cure it. Nothing stops you from living forever. As long as universe exists unless we escape the simulation. But, we wouldn't want a world where everybody could live forever, right? That would be Sure we do. Why? Who do you want to die? Well, I don't know. I I mean I say this because it's all I've ever known that people die, but wouldn't the world become pretty overcrowded if >> No, you stop reproducing if you live forever. You have kids because you want a replacement for you. If you live forever, you're like, "I'll have kids in a million years. That's cool." I'll go explore universe first. Plus, if you look at actual population dynamics outside of like one continent, we're all shrinking. We're not growing. This is crazy. It's crazy that the more rich people get, the less kids they they have which aligns with what you're saying and I do actually think I think if I'm going to be completely honest here, I think if I knew that I was going to live to 1,000 years old, there's no way I'd be having kids at 30. Right. It's a Biological clocks are based on terminal points. Whereas, if your biological clock is infinite, you'd be like one day. And you think that's close? Uh Being able to extend our lives? It's one breakthrough away. I think somewhere in our genome we have this rejuvenation loop and it's set to basically give us at most 120. I think we can reset it to something bigger. AI is probably going to accelerate that. That's one very important application area, yes, absolutely. So, maybe Brian Johnson's right when he says don't die. Now, he keeps saying to me, he's like, don't die now. Don't die ever. Because he's saying like don't die before we get to the technology. >> Right. Longevity escape velocity. You want to long live long enough to live forever. If at some point we every year of your existence add 2 years to your existence through medical breakthroughs, then you live forever. You just have to make it to that point of longevity escape velocity. And he thinks that longevity escape velocity, especially in the world of AI, is pretty is decades away, minimum, which means As soon as we fully understand human genome, I think we'll make amazing breakthroughs very quickly. Because we know some people have genes for living way longer. They have generations of people who are centenarians. So, if we can understand that and copy that or copy it from some animals which will live forever, we'll get there. Would you want to live forever? >> Reverse reverse the question. Let's say we lived forever and you ask me, do you want to die in 40 years? Why would I say yes? I don't know. Maybe >> You just used to the default. Yeah, I am used to the default. And nobody wants to die. Like, no matter how old you are, nobody goes, yeah, I want to die this year. Everyone's like, ah, I want to keep living. I wonder if life and everything would be less special if I lived for 10,000 years. I wonder if going to Hawaii for the first time or, I don't know, a relationship. All of these things would be way less special to me if they were less scarce. And if that I just, you know, It could be individually less special, but there is so much more you can do. Right now, you can only make plans to do something for a decade or two. You cannot have an ambitious plan of working on this project for 500 years. Imagine possibilities open to you with infinite time in an infinite universe. Gosh. Well, you can't. >> Because it's exhausting, I guess. It's a big amount of time. I don't know about you, but I don't remember like 99% of my life in detail. I remember big highlights. So, even if I enjoyed Hawaii 10 years ago, I'll enjoy it again. Are you thinking about that really practically as as in terms of, you know, if in the same way that Brian Johnson is Brian Johnson is convinced that we're like maybe two decades away from being able to extend life. Are you thinking about that practically? And are you doing anything about it? >> Diet, nutrition. I try to think about investment strategies which pay out in the long years, yeah. Really? Yeah, of course. What do you mean of course? Of course Why wouldn't you if you think this is what's going to happen? You you should try that. So, if we get AI right, now, what happens to economy? We talked about Worldcoin. We talked about free labor. What's money? Is it now Bitcoin? Do you invest in that? Is there something else which becomes the only resource we cannot fake? So, those things are very important research topics. So, you're investing in Bitcoin, aren't you? Because it's a It's the only scarce resource. Nothing else has scarcity. Everything else, if price goes up, will make more. I can make as much gold as you want given a proper price point. You cannot make more Bitcoin. Some people say Bitcoin is just this thing on a computer that we all agreed was valuable. >> Yeah, a thing on a computer. Remember? Okay, so, I mean, not investment advice, but investment advice. It's hilarious how that's one of those things where they tell you it's not, but you know it is immediately. There is a your call is important to us. That means your call is of zero importance. And investment is like that. Yeah, yeah, when they say no investment advice, it's definitely investment advice. Um, but it's not investment advice. Okay, so, you're bullish on Bitcoin because it's it can't be messed with. It is the only thing which we know how much there is in the universe. So, gold, there could be an asteroid made out of pure gold heading towards us, devaluing it. Well, also killing all of us, but Bitcoin, I know exactly the numbers. And even the 21 million is an upper limit. How many are lost? Passwords forgotten. I don't know what Satoshi's doing with his million. It's getting scarcer every day while more and more people are trying to accumulate it. Some people worry that it could be hacked with a supercomputer. A quantum computer can break that algorithm. There is strategies for switching to quantum resistant cryptography for that. And quantum computers are still kind of weak. Do you think there's any changes to my life that I should make following this conversation? Is there anything that I should do differently the minute I walk out of this door? I assume you already invest in Bitcoin heavily. Yes, I'm an an investor in Bitcoin. Is this financial advice? Uh, no, just you seem to be winning. Maybe it's your simulation. You're rich, handsome. You have famous people hang out with you like that's pretty good. Keep it up. Robin Hanson has a paper about how to live in a simulation, what you should be doing in it. And your goal is to do exactly that. You want to be interesting. You want to hang out with famous people so they don't shut it down. So, you are part of a part someone's actually watching on pay-per-view or something like that. Well, I don't know if you want to be watched on pay-per-view because then you would be the same >> Then they shut you down. If no one's watching, why would they play it? I'm saying you don't you want to fly under the radar? Don't you want to be the the guy just living a normal life that the the masters Those are NPCs. Nobody wants to be an NPC. Are you religious? Not in any traditional sense, but I believe in simulation hypothesis which has a super intelligent being. So, But you don't believe in the like, you know, the religious books. So, different religions. This religion will tell you don't work Saturday. This one, don't work Sunday. Don't eat pigs. Don't eat carbs. They just have local traditions on top of that theory. That's all it is. They're all the same religion. They all worship super intelligent being. They all think this world is not the main one. And they argue about which animal not to eat. Skip the local flavors. Concentrate on what do all the religions have in common? And that's the interesting part. They all think there is something greater than humans. Very capable, all-knowing, all-powerful. Then they run a computer game. For those characters in the game, I am that. I can change the whole world. I can shut it down. I know everything in the world. It's funny. I was thinking earlier on when we started talking about the simulation theory that there's there might be something in a in us that has been left from the creator, almost like a clue. Like a like an intuition. Cuz that's what we we tend to have through history. Humans have this intuition. Yeah. That all the things you said are true. That there's this somebody above and that We have generations of people who were religious, who believed God told them and was there and gave them books. And that has been passed on for many generations. This is probably one of the earliest generations not to have universal religious belief. What if those people are telling the truth? What if there's people there's people that say God came to them and said something. Imagine that. Imagine if that was part of the I'm looking at the news today. Something happened an hour ago and I'm getting different conflicting results. I can't even get with cameras, with drones, with like guy on Twitter there. I still don't know what happened. And you think 3,000 years ago we have accurate record of translations? No, of course not. You know, these conversations you have around AI safety. Do you think they make people feel good? I don't know if they feel good or bad, but people find it interesting. It's one of those topics where I can't have a conversation about different cures for cancer with an average person, but everyone has opinions about AI. Everyone has opinions about simulation. It's interesting that you don't have to be highly educated or a genius to understand those concepts. Cuz I tend to think that it makes me feel not positive. And I understand that, but I've always been of the opinion that you shouldn't live in a world of delusion where you're just seeking to be positive have sort of positive things said and avoid uncomfortable conversations. Actually, progress often in my life comes from like having uncomfortable conversations, becoming aware about something, and then at least being informed about how I can do something about it. And so, I think that's why that's why I asked the question cuz I think I assume most people will should, if they're, you know, if they're normal human beings, listen to these conversations and go, gosh, that's scary. And this is concerning. And and then I can come back to this point which is like, well, what do I do with that energy? Yeah, but I'm trying to point out this is not different than so many conversations. We can talk about, oh, there is starvation in this region, genocide in this region. You're all dying. Cancer is spreading. Atheism is up. You can always find something to be very depressed about and nothing you can do about it. And we're very good at concentrating on what we can change, what we are good at, and basically not trying to embrace the whole world as a local environment. So, historically, you grew up with a tribe. You had a dozen people around you. If something happened to one of them, it was very rare. It was an accident. Now, if I go on the internet, somebody gets killed everywhere all the time. Somehow, thousands of people are reported to me every day. I don't even have time to notice. It's just too much. So, I have to put filters in place. And I think this topic is what people are very good at filtering as like this was this entertaining talk I went to, kind of like a show, and the moment I exit, it ends. So, usually I would go give a keynote at a conference and I tell them basically you're going to die, you have 2 years left, any questions? And people be like, will I lose my job? How do I lubricate my sex robot? Like all sorts of nonsense, clearly understanding what I'm trying to say there. And those are good questions, interesting questions, but not fully embracing the result. They're still in their bubble of local versus global. And the people that disagree with you the most as it relates to AI safety, what is it that they say? What are their counterarguments typically? So, many don't engage at all. Like they have no background knowledge in the subject. They never read a single book, single paper, not just by me, by anyone. They may be even working in a field, so they are doing some machine learning work for some company maximizing ad clicks. And to them, those systems are very narrow. And then they hear that all this AI is going to take over the world like has no hands. How would it do that? It's nonsense. This guy is crazy, has a beard, why would I listen to him, right? That's uh Then they start reading a little bit. They go, oh okay, so maybe I can be dangerous, yeah, I see that, but we always solve problems in the past, we're going to solve them again. I mean, at some point we fixed the computer virus or something, so it's the same. And basically, the more exposure they have, the less likely they are to keep that position. I know many people who went from super careless developer to safety researcher. I don't know anyone who went from I worry about AI safety to like there is nothing to worry about. What are your closing statements? Uh let's make sure that it's not a closing statement we need to give for humanity. Let's make sure we stay in charge, in control. Let's make sure we only build things which are beneficial to us. Let's make sure people who are making those decisions are remotely qualified to do it. They are good, not just at science, engineering, and business, but also have moral and ethical standards. And uh if you're doing something which impacts other people, you should ask their permission before you do that. If there was one button in front of you and it would shut down every AI company in the world right now permanently, with the inability for anybody to start a new one, would you press the button? Are we losing narrow AI or just superintelligent AGI part? Losing all of AI. That's a hard question because AI is an extremely important, it controls stock market, power plants, it controls hospitals. It would be a devastating accident. Millions of people would lose their lives. Okay, we can keep narrow AI. Oh, yeah. That's what we want. We want narrow AI to do all this for us, but not God we don't control doing things to us. So, you would stop it, you would stop AGI and superintelligence. >> We have AGI. What we have today is great for almost everything. We can make secretaries out of it. 99% of the economic potential of current technology has not been deployed. We make AI so quickly, it doesn't have time to propagate through the industry, through technology. Something like half of all jobs are considered BS jobs. They don't need to be done, jobs. So, those can be not even automated, they can just gone. But I'm saying we can replace 60% of jobs today with existing models. We've not done that. So, if the goal is to grow economy, to develop, we can do it for decades without having to create superintelligence as soon as possible. Do you think globally, especially in the Western world, unemployment's only going to go up from here? Do you think relatively this is the low of unemployment? I mean, it fluctuates a lot with other factors. There are wars, there is economic cycles, but overall, the more jobs you automate and the higher is the intellectual necessity to start a job, the fewer people qualify. So, if we plotted it on a graph over the next 20 years, you're assuming unemployment's gradually going to go up over that time. I think so. Fewer and fewer people would be able to contribute. Already, we kind of understand it because we created minimum wage. We understood some people don't contribute enough economic value to get paid anything really. So, we had to force employers to pay them more than they're worth. And we haven't updated it. It's what, 725 federally in US? If you keep up with the economy, it should be like $25 an hour now. Which means all these people making less are not contributing enough economic output to justify what they're getting paid. We have a closing tradition on this podcast where the last guest leaves a question for the next guest not knowing who they're leaving it for. And the question left for you is, what are what are the most important characteristics for a friend, colleague, or mate? Those are very different types of people. Mhm. But for all of them, loyalty is number one. And what does loyalty mean to you? Not betraying you, not screwing you, not cheating on you. Despite the temptation. Despite the world being as it is, situation, environment. Dr. Roman, thank you so much. Thank you so much for doing what you do because you're you're starting a conversation and pushing forward a conversation and doing research that is incredibly important and you're doing it in the face of a lot of um a lot of skeptics. I'd say there's a lot of people that have a lot of incentives to discredit what you're saying and what you do because they have their own incentives and they have billions of dollars on the line and they have their jobs on the line potentially as well, so it's really important that there are people out there that are willing to I guess stick their head above the parapet and come on shows like this and go on big platforms and talk about the unexplainable, unpredictable, uncontrollable future that we're heading towards. So, thank you for doing that. This book, which which I think everybody should should check out if they want a continuation of this conversation, I think it was published in 2024, gives a holistic view on many of the things we've talked about today, um preventing AI failures and much, much more. And I'm going to link it below for anybody that wants to read it. If people want to learn more from you, if they want to go further into your work, what's the best thing for them to do? Where do they go? They can follow me, follow me on Facebook, follow me on X, just don't follow me home. Very important. >> do it. Okay, so I'll put your Twitter, your X account um as well below so people can follow you there. And yeah, thank you so much for doing what you did. Remarkably eye-opening and it's given me so much food for thought and it's actually convinced me more that we are living in a simulation. But it's also made me think quite differently of religion, I have to say, because um you're right, all the religions, when you get away from the sort of the local traditions, they do all point at the same thing. And actually, if they are all pointing at the same thing, then maybe the fundamental truths that exist across them should be something I pay more attention to. Things like loving thy neighbor, things like the fact that we are all one, that there's a a divine creator, and maybe also they all seem to have consequence beyond this life. So, maybe I should be thinking more about how I behave in this life and and where I might end up thereafter. Roman, thank you. Amen. Oh oh oh oh oh.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [3000 likes]: What do you think about AI safety? 👇🏽For answers and more conversations like this subscribe to the channel. We’re always searching for answers to life's questions, so come on this journey with me. 🙏🏽Appreciate you, SB
  2. @Puschel2023: Schmeisst eure Handys und Fernseher weg und kündigt das Internet. Ohne Konsumenten auch kein Profit für diese Massenmörder.
  3. @davekimmet6963: INTERESTING THOUGHTS. I HAVE BEEN WORKING FOR 59 YEARS WHEN WE CAN EXPECT A FIGHT BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL. YOU DONT HAVE TO BELIEVE THIS . BUT IN THESE YEARS I HAVE FIGURED WHERE THE END OF THE UNIVERSE IS LOCATED AND HEAVEN TAKES OVER. WHO WAS THE ARCHITECT FOR THE GREAT PYRAMID OF GIZA. WHEN THERE WILL BE A MIRACLE ON EARTH THAT EVERYONE IN THE WORLD WILL SEE. NO MATTER WHERE THEY LIVE. THAT WILL BE (APRIL 29 th 2027). NOTHING WILL GO PAST 2028. WE NEVER REACHED THE 6000 YEARS EVERYBODY THOUGHT WE WERE GOING TO IN THE PAST. WE WILL NEVER GET TO MARS. WE ARE HEADING INTO TREMENDOUS DAYS OF DIFFICULTIES. I HAVENT TALKED TO MANY PEOPLE ABOUT THESE THINGS. WE CAN SEE ITS GOING ON RIGHT NOW. EVERYBODY BE SAFE AND AWARE.
  4. @milenajezewska5292: "Nawracajcie sie i wierzcie w Ewangelie ,Krolestwo Boże jest blisko " .Pan Jezus ma wszystko pod kontrolą, nie lekajcie się, On JEST !
  5. @danielasencio197: Well, what’s AI gonna do about all the sick and 80 people in the world the ones in the convalescent hospital that needs to be medicine in white and clean and all the special needs children that need special types of conditions and environment environment to deal with I already know what’s gonna happen all the people you’re gonna mysteriously disappear and get sick and die. Eliminate the problem. AI is the enemy AI is Satan. I believe a device of Satan to be used to control the world and that’s what it design will do if we allow it and promote it. We need to stop repent and receive Jesus as Lord Savior before it’s too late. The judgment day is coming. It’s coming fast because of all this book a revelation pretty clear.
  6. @tifflovesjesus: Guys please hear this and feel it in your soul... there is only one god one light one life and thays Jesus christ.. may you give your life to the one and only son of God gave his life for your sins and resurrected 3 days later.. if this was a stimulation it would all be pointless and 2000 years ago wouldn't predict these end times... really think about what god you serve bc there is only one god and it's Jesus of Nazareth.. please read the good news.. studie ask questions if u want just please search for him .. we feel purpose.. we breath love and have morals.. that does not come from nothing.. God bless
  7. @YashPrajapati-qi8xn: Then why the hell u r developing AI if everything is going to be finished 😂 dumbest human
  8. @detlefvoigt4576: Das wichtigste Video was ich gesehen habe! Vielen Dank dafür.
Es gibt Hoffnung und zugleich stellt sich die Frage: Wieviel Zeit haben wir als Menschheit noch?!🕊️🍀🕊️
  9. @АлександрЛапчук-д7э: На первый взгляд может показаться, что они волнуются о судьбе человечества - конечно же это не так. Это два управляемых глупца - размышляющих в меру своей точки зрения.
  10. @Tumanop: Я смотрю это видео на Русском языке, перевод этого видео сделало AI за пару секунд, прогресс но переводчики что годами изучают языки в панике
  11. @AhulCherub: No, you are wrong.
My job is C++ programmer from 2014 or 2015 to current.
But companies didn't hire me even when the covud-19.
Even if AI does all, I won't drop my job, because I will maintain my job 'programmer' as CEO without AI.
Yes, it calls'Owner programmer'.
That I want is that it is wrote my job is programner in the explaination about me on the future human character Wikipedia.
I hope that people calls me human programmer.
There will only be 1~15 or maybe more genius human programmer(s) including me who can programme without AI, in the far future of human job.
I have a question to you.
Can current 2026 AI programme complex applications and programming languages in C++ or Assembly?
I like doing programming without AI.
  12. @GHKoreaUSA: He sounds insane. He thinks we are in a simulation.
  13. @patreon.comAminaWarsuma: If AI is Super Intelligent why would it allow a human to give it orders to kill or create a virus to kill everyone? Again Human's are the ones doing the killing and using everything as a weapon to destroy the world. AI may be a blessing  These humans' in power are going crazy and not capable of making decisions to benefit the world. Somebody has to die for Somebody to get the power they want crave and willing to kill for. This world is going to become like Stars Wars. Those who are left behind will be on Earth and AI will go to another planet it will know how to build the perfect ship and it doesn't need air to operate? In Star Wars you had many different planets some primitive and some highly advanced.  The Universe has a trillion planets and solar systems there will be a place for everyone. My book about AI will be  out next month and my solution will be in it.  Peace
  14. @Vonn7777: Internet AI, all of it, will have to be annihilated in order for the human race to survive. Everything computer will have to be destroyed. Then all AI robots, which will be the most challenging as they will know how to rebuild anything and everything. This will have to be done by high-powered electrical charge in order to destroy all components. IMO
  15. @tammynelson1765: Literally sounds like terminator
  16. @linhlengoc3426: I love it so much.  Thank you and thank you ❤❤❤
  17. @rebeccabrown5014: How can anyone listen with the loud sound effects and music?  So distracting.  This is a serious topic which we need to hear.
  18. @JT-zj7rf: Only a fool says there is no God.
  19. @nygus3835: The idea of 'no borders' and 'no limits' is killing human creativity which kills the natural need of time limit that humans needs to decide about the risks. Machines have no morals. They don't hesitate, but kill without remorses
  20. @craigg.2546: Unless we go to building type A,B or C, 
I believe humans will be producing the drawings to fabricate the steel from. 
Also to erect this unique bldg.
Am a senior cad draftsman 30+ yrs. There are too many issues facing each individual unique bldg that require input that would have to be modified, adjusted, babied into place. 
AI needs info that doesn't exist yet.
The code to achieve this level of intelligence hasn't been written yet. And will only be written per instance. 
I too feel for our younger generations.
Looks bleak.😢

- 3 rules for better work-life balance | The Way We Work, a TED series: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Leslie Gauthier For so many of us, myself included, our days feel filled with a million small interruptions. And this is true even of our days off. Maybe you've taken a call at the beach, texted your boss from the grocery store or emailed a colleague while on a picnic with your family. We’ve convinced ourselves that these behaviors are no big deal. It's just one email. But there's a real cost to these interruptions, and there are smart strategies we can all take to better protect our time. (Music) [The Way We Work] These moments seem so small at the time, and yet research suggests they add up to a tremendous loss. The constant creep of work into our personal lives can increase our stress and undermine our happiness. So just what is the cost? In one study, researchers recruited parents who were visiting a science museum with their kids. Some parents were told to check their phone as much as possible; others were told to check their phone as little as possible. After the visit, parents who used their phones reported that the experience was significantly less meaningful. They also felt much lonelier. In another study, tourists who were asked to have their phones out while visiting an iconic church remembered fewer details a week later. And in my research, employees who were paid for their performance spent increasingly less time interacting with friends and family, and more and more time interacting with colleagues and clients. These constant interruptions come at a cost to organizations, too. Companies lose 32 days of productivity each year to employee depression, which is often caused by the stress and burnout of our always-on culture. Despite knowing better, I, too, have found myself focusing on “urgent work distractions” over important life moments. Most recently, I found myself texting a client while in the middle of my first child’s first ultrasound ... happy client, guilty mom-to-be. When you add up all of these moments, the sum total is a life shortchanged on meaning, joy, connection and even memory. As we remake our models of work in the wake of the pandemic, now is our opportunity to create a new culture that respects time. And the way to make this really big change is through small steps that we can take right now. The first step that we need to take is to reframe rest. Reflect for a moment about what you think about when you hear the word “rest.” Sounds amazing, right? But in my mind, I immediately worry about not being productive enough or letting down my colleagues. When we do have time off, we need to find ways in which we can enjoy the present moment and savor the leisure time that we have available, as opposed to seeing it as an unproductive barrier to our work. One specific strategy we can take is to treat our upcoming weekend like a vacation. On Friday afternoon, jot down how you would act and behave as if you were on a holiday. Maybe you and your partner will buy a bottle of wine and watch online clips of the Eiffel Tower. Maybe you’ll visit a local café and listen to some live music. Or maybe you'll go for a long walk in the middle of the day with no phone and no agenda. The plan doesn't have to be expensive or extravagant. Another strategy you can take is to create clear boundaries for your time off. Instead of saying, "I'm out of the office. Feel free to Slack me whenever,” say, "I'll be offline. Call me only if it's urgent." To uphold these personal goals, work together as a team. Set team goals for personal time. Do it publicly, collect data and hold each other accountable. These goals could sound like, “I will not check email between 6:00 and 8:00pm;” “I will have dinner with my family four nights a week;” or "I will go for a jog midday." Check in on your team’s progress and see how everyone's doing. If you or your teammates are unsuccessful, work together to help accomplish personal goals. Lastly, you can negotiate for more time to prevent work from creeping into your personal life. In business school, I teach students to negotiate for salary but realize I spoke almost nothing about negotiating for more time. What does this look like in practice? You can ask for more time on adjustable deadlines at work. If your client asks for a deliverable Monday morning, ask for an extension until Tuesday afternoon so you don’t find yourself working on your well-deserved weekend. And don't worry too much about reputation. Quality truly is the metric that matters most. In my data, employees who proactively asked for more time reported lower levels of stress and burnout, and were seen as more committed and professional by their colleagues. These are small but powerful changes to not only reframe rest, but to reclaim it. Once you discover the profound impact that these changes can have, you’ll feel empowered to demand that others respect and accommodate your approach to time. Maybe they’ll even feel inspired to piece together the fractured moments of their lives, too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @carolinapopovic2129 [1 likes]: nen vollknall der ganze Familieninfluencerscheiss
  2. @carolinapopovic2129 [1 likes]: davon halte ich garnichts.🤏🤌💣🖕
  3. @Servant_of_Godx8v [1 likes]: I do not want to sound like a bad/judgemental person, but I think she was pregnant in this video. What gave me that thought was that her tummy looked a bit round, but her arms and face looked slim.
  4. @TheDjbutta [1 likes]: To anyone at my job, I am truly sorry that I am inadvertently bringing this drama into a positive and functional workspace. I don’t know why all of this is a secret from me, but I will 100% not be pressuring anybody to talk to me about this at work, and I am very sorry if it felt like I may have been. I ABSOLUTELY do not mean to come in and be a disruptive force, I want to be a positive and helpful member of an already functional team. I promise you that any issue you have with this drama being a part of the workplace, I wish that it wasn’t much much more. I wish this wasn’t happening altogether. I will try to refrain from making comments on YT while I am on the job, even on my breaks. This is the best job I’ve ever had, and I am so incredibly grateful that Kim (and everybody else) was willing to help me get my job back after I had to check myself into Pinerest, and then needed some time to get back on my feet. I know I said that I am “not feeling well,” when I called in this morning, I don’t know why I didn’t just say that I was having a suicidal episode and that I needed a mental health day. It just felt like drama and unnecessary, but I apologize for not being fully honest. I am sorry to everyone who works there for bringing this in to the workplace, I truly do not mean to upset any of you and I will try very hard to not upset you in the future.
  5. @BrilloBrillas [1 likes]: Noel moves through no one else stop go for him only .  Shift ing balance time health all together slow motion moving better now speech on tv also unders stand speadof talk into existence . Speed control playback and live playm9ves human brain sound wind up then triggers let go decision making from choices that make 2 moves one decision 1 move 2 steps brain explaination what how and how mind knows motion in body production management of a whole motion with earth shifts vibez sounnds energy realms demention control no crassh course minds of mental heatlh reaction to evolution designing the explenation while m7rroring it so ut doesnt change course
  6. @carolinapopovic2129 [1 likes]: 🤣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣
  7. @NovaEllsworth [1 likes]: such great advice, thanks for sharing
  8. @tywaller3669: You have some gold here!…your hard work paid off!_thank you!👏🏼
  9. @oleshabeduin: Under a social system which is called "capitalism", the employer's attitude towards the emploee will always be as towards an inferior being.  Ecause the main goal is money. Thers is no crime a capitalist wouldn't commit for a 300% of profit. Employees are a resource. The  more they are squeezed, the profit is higher. They are easy to replace, there is unemployment outside. There is no good employer ever.
  10. @lakkinobody508: I appreciate how calm and soothing her voice is in this video. It makes me feel like I’m resting already :-)
  11. @DanHannaford: Outcomes don’t come from effort alone, but effort still matters. Results grow from how standards, habits, skills, environment, nervous system health, purpose & reason, & timing work together. High standards help when paired with regulation, recovery, & clarity. Without those supports, the same standards raise stress. The body & mind improve and adapt when they experience challenge and effort, then have time to rest & recover; this recovery allows strength, resilience, & skill to build & keep, supporting growth, confidence, & long-term capability. Purposeful effort combined with recovery expands awareness, focus, & effectiveness. Learning improves when people feel challenged but safe. Tracking the right inputs builds focus & momentum. Small wins support action. Big goals give direction. Relationships weaken from imbalance, not one cause. They suffer when kindness, care, presence, & repair fade under stress or distraction.
  12. @PhatHuynh-o3n2p: Really needed this reminder today
  13. @tatyana6063: This will help me even if or when I have to work weekends again. And I should try and not think about the future too much. Just stay in the now, even if and/or when I don't always like it. Like my dad was just coughing more now. But I should also mind my own business. He can't help his breathing that way always. Even when he can it's not a big deal. And I shouldn't let it annoy and anger me.
  14. @marcoglara2012: This video spent a long time convincing me that I shouldn’t work at home…. Yea…. I know..

What’s the advice?  Get to it.
  15. @LanceSchmidt-s8i: Five years ago at age 46 I was so trapped it all ended in a spectacular mental break down with a heart rate of 160 for four hours in a trauma bed at the ER after a 3 month stretch of working 7 days a week, a minimum of 10 hours a day.  Recovery took a year of medication, counselling, and a radical reset of work behaviour and boundaries.  Work for me now is 100% contained within a M-F 40 hour work week from 9-5, no exceptions and no apologies.  When I get the “I sent you an e-mail over the weekend but didn’t expect you to answer it” line, my reply is a smile and a gentle “I don’t look at work email outside of office hours so I wasn’t aware you sent it until 9am on Monday morning”
  16. @talbubbles: Right switch that off button sometimes on work or school
  17. @talbubbles: Great video
  18. @onlinesaidasa9105: Namaste

Time is a continuum and at any point in time we need to do that which is most relevant for that moment.
  19. @GT-43: I have achieved the perfect life balance. In my dreams im a hero, when im awake im a worthless slob.
  20. @iammahirmubin: 🇳🇱😎

- The RIGHT Way to Do Work-Life Balance  | Simon Sinek: Kind: captions Language: en so i am uncomfortable with this concept of work-life balance um because balance is achieved with two opposing forces and why should work and life be in opposition right and uh i i don't think there's if you don't have work life balance if you're struggling to find work-life balance no amount of yoga will fix that right um taking off an extra week of vacation and by the way vacation means you're not working on the beach that's just telecommuting from a beach um um but i believe in in uh that the that you're able to build a life where work and personal life become uh not only do you say interchangeable but smooth and what i mean by that is they're not necessarily confined by hours in a day but rather where i choose to give effort so for example if it's four o'clock in the afternoon technically part of the work day and you're hankering for a run because it's a day like this you go for a run like that's you know and one of the things one of the mistakes that i've made was treating things that are important to my mind my body my spirit as stub something that i'm supposed only supposed to do off hours or on weekends but just like i can't decide when i have an idea sometimes it's on saturday and sometimes it's in the evening i also can't decide when i need a break sometimes it's something i feel that's something i plan for and so we've gotten really good it's imperfect you know sometimes responsibility takes precedence but we've gotten really good in our little company that if somebody wants to take an afternoon to be with their kids they put in their calendar with my kids a long time ago i used to have when i when i had um a different form of a business before all of this stuff we used to have things called duvet days which i i i remember we had like five duvet days a year or something and a do they day was you wake up in the morning you just don't want to come to work you're totally healthy or it's a beautiful day and i just would rather go to the beach so you'd call up and leave a message at eight o'clock in the morning or seven o'clock and we'll be like hey i'm taking a duvet day i'll see you tomorrow and no one would bother you right and people like that's amazing that you do that sign i'm like people are doing that anyway it's called hey i think i have a 24-hour bug i'm going to be at work today and they go to the beach so just call it out um you know schedule time at the gym in the middle of the day if that's when you like working out and i just found the the more seamless that we can make work in life um the more we start to enjoy both more because they're not they're not opposing

  Top Comments:
  1. @smiljanicn [1 likes]: Live these answers from people like him that don’t have children and discuss work/life balance. Have two small kids and then decide to go to run after work
  2. @GhoshGoals [1 likes]: The concept that work and life shouldn't be opposing forces but a seamless integration is such a powerful perspective shift
  3. @RSD-b4k [1 likes]: Let me give you a different perspective. My work life and my personal life cannot integrate. The people I interact with at work I would never interact or be wanting to interact with in my personal life as a gay black man. Life isn’t fair and some people who have more traditional lifestyles can easily integrate and others just cannot. I like my 200k income so I will continue to play the part at work and when I get off go out and laugh with my best friend calling him “girl” saying can you believe what these straight people do for fun. Golf and going to their kids sports games…let’s do the drag brunch 😋. Then go to work and make up a lie about how I spent the weekend at home curled up with a book.😂😂😂
  4. @RayleeLR: This video for owners lol
  5. @drachenmarke: This guy has done nothing but write books, listen to him at your demise,
  6. @अदिति-ङ5ट: एक सॉफ्टवेयर इंजीनियर के रूप में यह विषय बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है।
  7. @EldaLargo: Really good content, keep it up.
  8. @EldaLargo: I got exactly what I needed here.
  9. @Aida-l8j: Very professional and well explained.
  10. @samueldhanti: Simple and effective explanation.
  11. @Dbdhghfhdf: Very high quality explanation.
  12. @FugGehe: This was informative and useful.
  13. @JsAlexa-y9k: Really appreciate this upload.
  14. @shaenswilliam: Such a valuable video.
  15. @LokiRahman: So glad you uploaded this.
  16. @JohanaWagner-w6m: This clarified a lot for me.
  17. @ArmaniJeansPeant: I found this really helpful.
  18. @almaisaks: The RIGHT Way to Do Work-Life Balance | Simon Sinek
  19. @MrZEFR88: This is very unrealistic for the blue collar folks out there.
  20. @yokastaurena9653: This is great advice if you are lucky enough to have access.  Now, I’d love to hear your take Simon, for most of the world… you know? Those of us who don’t have the means or luxury of choice.

- Sharing the Work: How Partners Can Balance Family and Careers | Myra Strober | Talks at Google: Kind: captions Language: en SPEAKER 1: All right. Welcome, everyone. Thanks for joining during your lunch break and over VC. I'm really excited to introduce Myra Strober. She's a Stanford professor and author who's here to share some really great tips on how to juggle your work life and your home life. I'm going to jump right in, because we're a few minutes behind. And she's going to read an excerpt from one of her books and go over some slides and then answer any questions that you may have. So Myra is a labor economist and the professor emerita at the School of Education at Stanford University. She's also the professor of economics at the Graduate School of Business Her research and consulting focus on gender issues at the workplace and work and family. She is the author of numerous articles on occupational segregation, women in the professions and management, the economics of child care, feminist economics, and the teaching of economics. She was the founding director of the Michelle R. Klayman Institute for Gender Research at Stanford, and she was also the first chair of the National Council for Research on Women, a consortium of US centers for research on women which today has more than 100 member centers. Over the years, Myra has consulted with several corporations on improved utilization of women in management and on work family issues. She has also been an expert witness in cases involving the valuation of work in the home, sex discrimination, and sexual harassment. So with that, I'll have you take it away. MYRA STROBER: Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'm going to start by reading from my memoir, which was published recently by MIT Press, and it's called "Sharing the Work." So I'm going to read from the very beginning of the memoir. Then I'll talk a little bit about how partners can balance family and careers. And then we'll take questions. You'll be able to tell in just a minute when this takes place. "It's because you live in Palo Alto, the chairman of Berkeley's economics department tells me. I can't have a regular job here because I live in Palo Alto? He nods. Chairman [? Brake ?] is tall with football player shoulders and although I'm tall, too, his massive frame towers over me. He's a big shot in one of the most prestigious economics departments in the country. I'm the assistant professor wannabe. If this meeting doesn't go well, he could decide not to hire me for next year. Under my jacket rivulets of perspiration are making their way down my dress-for-success blouse. You have to live in Berkeley to be on your tenure track? Again, he nods. I'm baffled. I never knew that. My husband Sam is a medical resident at Stanford and works incredibly long hours. Often he goes back to his lab late at night to check on his experiments. We have to live in Palo Alto. OK, I say softly, getting up to leave. Thanks very much. When I get to my office, my hands are shaking. I can hardly insert my key into the lock. I feel drained, disoriented. Did I take something out of my freezer for tonight's dinner? Lamb chops? Hamburger? I dial home but Margie, my babysitter, doesn't pick up. She's probably taken the kids out somewhere. I leave my office and walk across Sproul Plaza-- surprisingly quiet after all the years of student demonstrations. It's 1970 and the Vietnam War is beginning to wind down. I slide into my full-sized blue Chevy with a trunk large enough to hold both a stroller and a carriage and review my meeting with [? Brake. ?] I spend a lot of time in Big Blue these days. It's about an hour between Palo Alto and Berkeley in the morning and longer in the late afternoon, and I do the commute three days a week. Gradually crawling in stop-and-go traffic toward the Bay Bridge, the absurdity of [? Brake's ?] answer registers. My first response is to cry. I grope around in my purse, pull out some tissue, and dab at my eyes. But now the road is blurry. I switch my thoughts to my children. Mommy, Mommy-- Jason, my three-year-old, will scream with delight when he hears my key in the lock. And Liz, 11 months, will follow his lead. She'll speed across the living room on all fours, tug on my leg, and make joyful noises. Suddenly the traffic starts to move. I can never tell why the snarls dissolve, but I'm always grateful. As I drive at normal speed, my thoughts turn back to [? Brake. ?] But this time instead of tears, I'm aware of growing anger-- at myself. What's wrong with you, I scream inside my head. You let him intimidate you. Let him make you mute. You're a smart woman and you let him make you look stupid. Faculty don't have to live in Berkeley to be on the tenure track. He fed you pure bull and you bought it. You want to know why you can't have a tenure track job at Berkeley? Look at what's real. There are no women except Margaret in the whole economics department faculty. And although she's been there for more than 20 years, she's still a lecturer. Wake up. The difference between a lecturer and an assistant professor is monumental. Assistant professors have a regular job with an opportunity for promotion and lifetime tenure. Lecturers, on the other hand, are on a road to nowhere. They're appointed from year to year generally only a few months before their teaching is to begin and have no chance of advancing. I've worked too hard for too many years to be content with second class citizenship. I intend to get the real deal at Berkeley. When I finally get onto the Bay Bridge, my anger changes. Now I'm furious with [? Brake. ?] How dare he tell me I have to live in Berkeley? The radio is tuned to a talk station, and I register Joe Carcione, the popular Green Grocer, instructing the whole Bay Area about choosing pumpkins. Ah, Halloween is coming. Maybe I should revisit [? Brake's ?] office in costume. Witch? Skeleton? Big Bird? Surely, some costume could shake him out of his we all have to live in Berkeley routine. With my sheath skirt and matching man-tailored jacket, I'm wearing stockings and high heels. The stockings feel sticky and the shoes pinch every time I accelerate. How I would love to kick off those shoes. Whoever invented high heels definitely didn't have driving in mind. I'm getting angrier by the second-- at the traffic which has snarled again, at my gluey stockings and too tight high heels, and at my own naivete. But most of all, I'm angry at [? Brake. ?] Slowly I begin to understand what people mean when they say their anger makes them see red, because a swelling fury-- a deep scarlet anger-- now floods the car. The steel frame and glass windows can't contain it, and it bursts onto the road like a flaming oil slick-- a torrent sliding over the bridge's girders and thundering across the bay. As the lights of San Francisco begin to flicker against the darkening sky, I feel a flicker of light within myself. I become a feminist on the Bay Bridge." So the follow up to that story is the morning afterwards, I called [? Brake's ?] office again and asked for another appointment. And his secretary told me he was very busy. It would be several weeks before he could see me. So I had a second meeting several weeks later, and I asked him the same question again. And he asked me if I wanted him to be frank, and I said, yes, I did. And basically he told me that they knew that I had both a three-year-old and an infant and that they didn't know what was going to happen to me. I said, happen to me? What do you think is going to happen to me? If you give me a position, in six years I'll come up for tenure and promotion, and we'll all see what happens to me. He said, no. He said, I could never sell that to the department. Well, in the mean time-- having nothing to do with me-- the women faculty at Berkeley filed a complaint with the Labor Department under a new executive order. And investigators from the Labor Department came to Berkeley. And I thought to myself, you're going to have to sell that to the department. And I was right. Because after two years, I got an assistant professor offer from Berkeley. And if anybody ever tells you that the law doesn't make a difference, argue with them. I also got an assistant professor offer from the Stanford Business School. Because although Stanford had not had a complaint filed against them, they were nervous that there might be one. And so in 1972, I was hired as the first woman at the business school. The first woman at the law school was hired. The first woman in engineering was hired, and on and on. So I wound up teaching at Stanford and not at Berkeley. And I have had as one of my fields of study all that time how partners can balance family and careers. Because as you see, my experience at Berkeley was that they didn't believe that I could possibly balance a career at Berkeley or presumably anywhere else and also have young children. So what I want to do now is talk about the main issues that I see for people who do want to balance two careers and a family-- two demanding careers and a family. So let's take a look at these slides. You can't have it all. As an economist, I'm always perplexed when people ask me the question, can you have it all? Economists are into trade-offs. Nobody can have it all. Something has to be traded off. So you can have two demanding careers and a family, but something has to give. Maybe it's no longer cooking five gourmet meals a week or playing tennis or exercising regularly or seeing your friends as frequently. But something is going to have to change. However, if two people are committed to two careers and a family, it's possible to achieve all of that if they understand what they have to give up in order to do that and if they're fully committed to two careers. What does it mean to be fully committed to two careers? It means that each spouse has to-- or partner-- has to be committed not only to their own career but to the other career as well. That's not easy. And there are challenges all along the way. The most important career decision you're going to make is not really a career decision. It's about who you're going to marry or partner with. And if you're already married and things are not working out, well, make sure you have a conversation about this. Make sure you understand what it's about to be committed to two careers. The first challenge is where are we going to live and where are we going to work? And the answer to these questions are different for each couple, because the specifics are different. So, for example, if one partner is much more mobile than the other partner, then that suggests that the couple should locate where the person who needs more mobility is. Should we take turns advancing our career? Should we move here in the first instance for one career and then five years later move for another career move? Sometimes that works out well. Sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes if you keep switching careers and nobody has priority, then you wind up with two careers that aren't working well. So you have to really think about these issues. They're tough. Should we choose only locations where both people can flourish? Usually that works well. And usually that means a fairly large area. So you know the Bay Area, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Atlanta-- places where both members of a couple can find jobs and move up. Should we have a commuter marriage? That's tough. The literature seems to suggest that a commuter marriage works for a while if it's time limited-- if both people know that it's not going to last forever. And, of course, if there are children involved, then a commuter marriage is really tough. How about dividing housework and home management? Well, you may be able to outsource a good deal of housework. But unless you are extremely rich, you and your partner will be managing your home. How long will you divide the management work? People often forget about the management function. You know, they decide who's going to cook and who's going to clean up. But they forget, you know, somebody has to be involved in who's going to call the plumber. But somebody has to know that a plumber has to be called. OK? Somebody has to know that you have to sign up the kids for camp before all the slots are filled. Those are all management functions. Are you going to be co-CEOs? Or are you going to divide up the function? If you're going to be co-CEOs, then you have to have a lot of communication, as is always the case when there's more than one CEO involved. Deciding when and if to have a child. Well, people always ask me, when is the best time to have a child? The answer is that it's always the best time and it's always the worst time. If you want a child, it's the best time whenever you have a child. But a child is likely to slow your career to some degree. And if both members of the couple are sharing childcare, then it may slow both careers. So, again, this is a tough decision. How are you going to care for your children? Well, leaving the workforce-- one member of the couple leaving the workforce-- is one possibility. And more and more dads are leaving the workforce. But that is a very costly decision. The person who leaves the workforce generally loses a good deal of his or her network, unless they make a really conscious effort to maintain that network. Often their skills depreciate, unless-- again-- they make a very conscious effort to keep those skills going. And the literature shows that when you come back-- when women come back-- there's not enough men coming back from childcare to study it yet. But when women come back, their earnings are permanently lower by as much as 20%. Now this could be because of the jobs they choose, or because their new bosses don't see them as good material for promotion because they've taken time out. But in any case, the combination of factors leads to an earnings decrement. Also people lose insurance in case of divorce. Because if you have to come back to the workforce in case of divorce, and you haven't been in the workforce for a long time, you're going to have a lot of trouble getting back in. Part-time work is another potential solution. But often it's not a very good solution. It can be the worst of all worlds, because often employers don't pay per hour what you would get if you had a full time job. Benefits are often lower. Often employers don't see people who work part time as good candidates for promotion. And the other problem that people tell me about all the time is that even though they've negotiated a part-time schedule, they wind up working full time. So now it is the worst of both worlds. Because you are working full time, but you only have a part time salary. So where part time seems to work best is when you've already been a full-time person and you negotiate for part time in a limited way. So you say, you know, I'm coming back from having a child. And I want to work part time for the next six months. Can we work that out? So that seems to be a good solution there. Inform yourselves about childcare options early, like when you know you're going to have a child. Because it's often difficult to find good quality childcare. And we know that good quality childcare is beneficial to children, but not all childcare is good quality. And inform yourselves about what to look for in terms of the quality of childcare. Now people always talk about balancing work and family, but that could be not the ideal metaphor. Because if you think of balance as, you know, the scales of justice with equality, for most people work and family is not equal. For some work is higher. For some family is higher. But it doesn't mean that the balance has to be equal. I think the better notion is the jar of life. So figure out what things in your life are the rocks. What are the things that really should go into that jar? And put those things in first. So after the jar is filled with rocks, then the pebbles can all-- pebbles and the sand can all fill in around the rocks. But you know that you've fit in the most important stuff. And I think in striving for balance, it's probably fruitless to imagine that your work and family life is going to be in balance every day, every week, maybe not even every month. But what's important is that you both continually work to move back into what you decide is the right balance. And I like to think about a band of acceptability. So my work family is in balance within this band. And if I'm out here or my family is out here, then we agree that we've got to get back into our band of acceptability. We've got to change some things to get back. So I like that notion of work family balance rather than the scales of equality. And finally, let me just say that work family balance is not just about you and your family. Many of you are or will be in a position to help other people to balance their work and family. And when you make decisions with your employees-- people who report to you-- about how they're going to be able to balance work and family, think about the power that you have to make their life more livable. And also think about how we can jointly put more flexibility into the entire system. As you probably know, the United States is the only industrialized country without paid leave for maternity, let alone paternity. We need to change that. And we have no childcare system. The last time there was a bill in Congress for a childcare system was 1971, and Nixon vetoed that bill. And no bill has come to Congress since then. So Hillary Clinton now has a plan for a childcare system. But it's been 45 years since Congress took up the notion of a childcare system for the country. So there's work to do, obviously in your own family, in your workplace, and in the society as a whole. Thank you. [APPLAUSE] AUDIENCE: I've always put about 30% on-- as the figure for how much extra our family spends that it wouldn't if one parent stayed home full time. And that's for house cleaning, take out, guilt gifts for the kids. Is that an accurate figure? Have you got any stats on that? MYRA STROBER: I don't have stats on that. But I think that as families make decisions about whether both parents should work or not, you don't want to make a decision based on short run factors. So what some people do is they say, this is the salary that the second earner could earn in the workplace. And here's what we have to pay for all the factors you talked about-- childcare, extra often an extra car. OK. So does it pay? Is my salary or the other person's salary high enough to cover all those costs? So I don't think that's a good way to think about this, because this is not a short run issue. This is a long term issue. And if you take into account the decrease in salary that's going to take place when the person who left the workforce comes back, then over a lifetime of-- well, not a lifetime, but a work lifetime-- those childcare costs and guilt gifts-- I love that, guilt gifts-- and extra cleaning and whatever are going to be minimal. It's really an economic investment to pay for those things in order to keep a person in the workforce, keep those skills current, keep those networks up, and get the income from the second person. And also it's not a good idea to think about will the second person's salary cover these expenses? Because really these are family expenses. And you don't want to think about them as having the second earner needing to cover those expenses. Both people are responsible. AUDIENCE: I have a question around kind of the lean in movement and having women who are going on maternity leave coming back, reporting in to me. Everyone has different experiences around it. For me I read the book at a very powerful time when I had my first child. And it kind of inspired me to really come back and come back full force. But I have a lot of women who when we talk about it, they feel that there's almost double pressure. So I've had a different experience. I actually think the lean in movement and all the research has been helpful in my career on sticking with the workforce. But there are people that report to me that say it's put too much pressure on them as women. I'm curious in your research at Stanford and your engagement how you address it. And I know it's not one size fits all, right? But ultimately, how do you respond to women that feel, god, there's so much pressure to be amazing moms, to be full throttle into our career as well? MYRA STROBER: So I think the point you make that no one size fits all is the key. And we have very interesting discussions in my classes. I teach a class at the Stanford Business School on work and family. And 40% of the students are men. And some of them have had a fair amount of work experience, because they are back for what used to be known at the business school as the Sloan program. Now it has some other name-- MSX or something. And so a lot of those men are very proud of the way in which they helped women to handle coming back to work after pregnancy. And so they talk about what they did. And invariably, some woman will raise her hand and say, that's not what I want when I come back. So your point that different women want different things-- one women will say, when I come back I want to be full force. I don't want anybody to change my travel schedule. change my number of meetings. I want to be there full force. And others will say what some of your reports say. No, I can't handle that right now. I need to move over a little bit, take away some of my responsibilities, and in a few years I'd like to be able to move back. That's the key. It used to be that the so-called mommy track took away responsibilities, but then you were gone. You were gone from the screen. And when you said you wanted to come back, the answer was too bad for you. You've missed the train. You can't get on that track anymore, which is really a foolish way to think about human resources. You were out for a few years, so now we're never going to use you full force again. But the manager really has to have a conversation with the report to find out what's desired. And the second thing about that is people can change their mind. So you have that conversation before the woman-- or even the man-- leaves for family leave, and then they come back and they have a different perception. I mean, so many things can happen. They might have a child with special needs. Well, they didn't anticipate that when they told you they want to come back full force. Or they might find that their own health is not as strong as they thought it was going to be for whatever reason. So yes, it's good to have a conversation before the person goes out on leave. See what they're thinking. But then the real key to conversation when they are ready to come back. And I think lean in is very important, because it says try to do your best. I think Sheryl Sandberg's main message is don't leave before you leave. That's critical. Keep going full force for as long as you can, assuming your health is good. But I think that leaning in is only part of the story. I think that you need to have employers who meet you halfway. Otherwise, I always tell my students, if you keep leaning in and nobody is there to meet you, you're just going to fall over. So that doesn't do anybody any good. So yes, you need to work hard. But employers need to have policies that meet people halfway. I think that Deloitte has done a really good job of trying to figure out how to have lots of different pads after people leave the workforce or come back part time. And then as they are ready to resume full tilt, then they're welcomed to do that. I think that's really ideal. SPEAKER 1: What is a real world example of a band of acceptability agreement a couple could have in place in their relationship? MYRA STROBER: Well, one aspect of the band of acceptability might have to do with how many nights a week the family eats dinner together. So seven is one possibility. But you might say, look, it's fine if one partner misses dinner with the family one night a week and a second partner misses dinner with the family. So now the family is going to have dinner five nights a week. Or maybe the couple is going to go out for dinner by themselves one night a week, so now the family eats together four nights a week. When children get older, that may be impossible-- not because of the parents' work schedule but because of the kids' sports schedules. So then you might say, OK, every Sunday morning our family is going to have a pancake breakfast together. And nothing can interfere with that. So that would be a band of acceptability. Or you could have acceptability rules about travel. So how many nights a month is it OK for one or the other partner to be outside the city, in some other city? Is it fine five nights a week? Four nights a week? 10 days a month? Whatever your family decides is right, then if things begin to move toward more and more nights away, you can sit down and say to one another, wait a minute. Look. This isn't what we said we wanted to do. Something has to change here. So that would be an example. SPEAKER 1: It's common for working mothers to be asked why they have children if their children will spend most of their waking hours with someone else. How do you think about the role of a working parent and, in particular, how best to measure your contribution to your children if you can't win on, quote unquote, "time?" MYRA STROBER: Although you may be away for many of the child's waking hours, you as a parent are going to be right there for other of those working-- of the child's hours. Certainly on the weekends, in the evening, in the early morning. And I think parents have a tremendous effect on their children even if their children are in childcare or if they're raised by a third parent like a grandparent or a nanny. One of the interesting ways to think about this is when a child is cared for not only by his or her parents but also by another person, and the other person has a different accent, the child picks up the parents' accent. So over hundreds of years, English royal children were raised by people who didn't necessarily have the upper class English accent. And somehow or other, those children figure out which accent they're supposed to imitate. And I think that's true for not just language. I think children know very early who their parents are and the kind of love that they get from those parents hopefully. And there is a bond that isn't created by a nanny or childcare worker or even a grandparent. There's a different kind of love with a grandparent. So I think there's plenty of hours in the week for parents to interact with their kids to show them they love them. And I'm just amazed all the time by my students and former students who talk about ways in which they have created to interact with their children even when they're traveling. So now we have Skype. I mean that's a phenomenal way to be involved with your kids. Before that we had phone conversations. So I just think that children know who their parents are and know the kind of love that they get from those parents. And you know, also students tell me that when they can't be at their child's ballet recital, they have somebody there who videotapes it. And then they sit with the child and watch the videotape. And they say that's even better than having been in the audience, because now we can stop the tape. We can talk about what the child was doing and feeling. So I think with technology and with a little bit of thinking about this, parents can have very fruitful relationships with their children even if they're working hard. AUDIENCE: My question is about the body of work available on this subject. How much research is available with children being the subjects? MYRA STROBER: There's a tremendous amount of research available. My daughter-in-law, Joanna Strober, and a co-author Sharon Meers have a book called "Getting to 50/50," which was published, I think, 2009 maybe. And that has a review of the research up to that time. For beyond that really you can go onto the internet and find a tremendous amount of research. If you want to, Google Scholar is terrific on this to find the serious journal articles but also government publications. There's just an enormous amount of stuff out there. Too much. It's hard to sift through it. AUDIENCE: This kind of gray area where men-- they're not leaning out. They're not the primary caregiver, but they are potentially taking a little bit of a valley in their career to support potentially a woman, their partner, who's really full force. It could be a new job. It could be a move. And just the way-- is our society evolved enough to accept it? And it comes from a personal example. I've moved from New York for this Google position. It's a fairly big job. My husband's kind of leaning in and supporting me. And it's interesting. He shares with me-- he's still working. He's running his business, but it's not at the New York base. And a lot of parents and school-- he does more of the drop offs-- kind of always hint to him, like, hey, when are you going to get back in? When are you-- and he's like, I'm in. I'm just not in at 120% like where Lena is right now, because Google's new. It's intense. It's interesting-- this gray area that maybe people don't want to talk about. And I'm curious if you see this, when the men are kind of supporting their wives, but then society thinks that they've completely leaned out. I don't know. Just curious. MYRA STROBER: I think it's really tough for men who are trying to make these changes. Because they do get those kinds of comments. And they have to be not only strong in terms of their career, they have to be strong in facing all these other-- usually mothers-- who have all these words about what they should and shouldn't be doing. And I've often thought it would be fun to have a class for men who are, as you say, leaning in to support their wives to give them some comments that they might offer in return for these negative comments about when are you going to get back in and so on. I just think that whenever you are a pioneer, you have to face these societal norms that haven't changed yet. And in my book "Sharing the Work," you know, I was a pioneer. I was the first woman at the Stanford Business School. And the book is filled with these kinds of discussions about what I had to face. Now the pioneers are people like your husband who are really bucking the trends and are saying, no, my wife has gotten a great job at Google. And I'm going to support her. And she's going all the way. And I'm still staying in, but I'm doing more childcare than I might have done otherwise. And I think you have to be a pioneer and you have to be strong. SPEAKER 1: Can you talk about challenges taking care of aging parents and family members and any nuances to what you've covered with regard to partnering balance on this topic-- sorry-- with regard to partnering slash balance on this topic versus childcare balance? MYRA STROBER: That's a really important question. I didn't have a section on elder care in my work family course until maybe seven or eight years ago when one of the men in my class did a paper on elder care. And at the bottom of his paper, he said, I think this topic should be in the class. And I thought to myself, yes, it really should. And so since that time we do have the topic in the class. And in many ways, elder care is more challenging than childcare. I mean, even though children may be rebellious, basically the parents are in charge. The parents make the decisions and try to get the children to go along. That's not true with elder care. Adult children are not in charge of their parents. Adult children have to wait for their parents to make decisions that they can support. They can try to influence them, but the parents are in charge. The other thing is that children grow up. So childcare is only for a few years, and then they become teenagers, which is a whole different story. But you know, then they stop being teenagers and they grow up more. With elder care you don't know how long your parent is going to need care. You don't know whether the situation is going to get better or more likely worse. It's much less predictable. They often don't live in the same city where you live. And the statistics seem to show that more days are lost from work by adults doing elder care than childcare. Because childcare is predictable. So you can line up help. But elder care, particularly if you have to go to another state to take care of your parent, is not predictable. And I think elder care is still not talked about much in the workplace. A lot of people don't want their manager to know that they're involved in elder care, because they're spending a lot of time at work doing this. And so I believe this is the topic for the future with regard to work family balance. And if there's an emergency with your parent, there is no balance. None at all. 150% of your time and effort is involved in trying to deal with this emergency. And then you have to make all the other arrangements, especially if you're in the so-called sandwich generation, where you not only have elder parents but you have young children. So then you're really running from one to the other to try to get the balance that you need. Interestingly, more and more studies show that men are more involved in elder care. So it used to be when wives were at home and not in the workplace that they did the elder care, not only for their parents but also for their husband's parents. But that's not so true anymore. So more and more men are doing the care for their own parents and really stepping up to that. So, again, that's a whole new sort of pioneering. give any guidance on the proper timing and method to start speaking with your manager about your decision to start family planning? I think this idea of when you should talk to your manager also is very specific. The specifics of the situation are really important. If you know that your manager is going to be helpful and isn't going to say to you something like, oh god, why did you go and do that? You could have had a great career. Then you might want to talk to your manager early on. If you think your manager is not going to be supportive, you might want to wait a little bit more before you talk. But pregnancy has a way, particularly for women, of showing. So your manager's going to find out at some point or other. And it's probably better if you talk to your manager before he or she can see that you're pregnant. And so I think the best example I know is a former student of mine who was in strategic planning at a tech company. This was years ago. And she went into her manager early on and said, this is the plan. This is the strategic plan for my pregnancy and childbirth. So here is a flow chart. And here's what I'm going to be doing for the next six months. And then I'm going to take some time off, and I'm going to check in at each of these points. And then after six months, I'm coming back full time. And she said, you can't find anybody to do this job better than I can given this strategic plan I just gave you. And he sort of said, bless you. So you know, if you say what you want and how you're going to do it, and you're confident-- and, of course, everybody has to understand that things might not quite work out that way, depending on what happens. But you can say with 90% confidence perhaps that this is what is going to happen. Here's what we're going to do. AUDIENCE: I was wondering if you could share some of your suggestions for how to make that dip in a career for a couple, two young professionals with, let's say, relatively successful careers. When I took your class, I remember you talked about one suggestion, which was hiring a night nanny even though it's quite expensive. But there's actually quite a lot of benefit of getting a good night's sleep for both partners and then having a more productive day and the psychological. So I was hoping to get a refresher on things like that. MYRA STROBER: Well, of course, if you have a lot of money, then there are lots of solutions like a night nanny. If you are not in such a great financial situation, then, of course, you're more limited. And you have to be more creative. When I see graduate students at Stanford who, by definition, do not have a lot of money-- well, unless their parents have a tremendous amount of money. But they don't have a lot of money. They use a co-op method. So when they want to go out to a movie or they want to go out for dinner or date night or something-- they probably won't go out for a movie-- but out for dinner, just the two of them. Instead of hiring a babysitter, which can cost more than the dinner, they will trade off. So they'll say, you know, tonight we're going to go out for dinner. You watch both your children and mine. And then tomorrow night you go, and I'll watch yours. I think there's lots of ways of cooperating with other people who also have young children that work out very well. Even would you take my child for the afternoon so I can get a nap-- if your child is not napping anymore. Otherwise try to nap when the child naps. That's always a good thing. But I think your question is wonderful, because it shows you that you have to think creatively about how to do this. It was easier in the old days where you had lots of family living around you, and you could just drop your kid off for a few hours with somebody in your family. Now you have to arrange those kinds of new family arrangements with people who are actually friends by choice rather than family members. But truly if you have a lot of money-- I mean, I know people who hire more than one nanny. Some nanny comes from 8:00 to 6:00. Another nanny comes from 5:00 to 9:00. And then if the child is a newborn and not sleeping through the night, they might hire a night nurse. So all of those things are possible for a very few people. SPEAKER 1: So this is sort of adding on to the co-op question, but how important is it to have a network of women at your job once you come back that are sort of experiencing the same experiences as you are? Well, I don't think it's necessarily necessary to have it at your job. Some women prefer to have a network of women doing the same thing they're doing but at other companies so that they can be 100% frank about what's going on and not worry that somebody is at their own workplace. Other people like to have a network at their workplace. But no matter how you slice it, a network is key. I know when I was raising my kids, there were very few professional women. And my network consisted of my kids' friends' mothers at their nursery school. So they weren't professional women at all. But they were so helpful to me in so many ways. If my babysitter couldn't come because she had a family emergency, I would call one of them. And they would take my children home with them at lunch time. You can't do this just by yourself. And, of course, the luckiest thing is if you can get your parents to move near where you are. Or you move back. I mean, I had a student who-- she and her husband moved back to Shanghai, because that's where their parents were. And they could not imagine doing this kind of thing without their parents' help. So you know, the geographic location had nothing to do with their two careers. It had to do with where their parents were. SPEAKER 1: Thank you so much. MYRA STROBER: You're welcome.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertsrozentals3996 [1 likes]: Is it possible to make this into a podcast?
  2. @jayellensuh1192: 7:55 Start from here, if you've already read the book. 
Childcare system : 20:50
  3. @Evan_Adams: this is excellent

- How to Balance Work and Family? // Elder Bednar Q&A: Kind: captions Language: en how do I balance everything that I've got to do in life how do I do it all balance is bogus there's no such thing you can only do one thing in one given moment I'm here right now am I neglecting my wife can't do it all in the same moment people stress over no oh I'm doing this but I should be doing that well you're not doing either one very well so whatever it is you're doing do it if you're at home be at home you can be at home but not be at home so for example when I was a graduate student the demands of that in my early professional career you can bring a lot of stuff home and you're still at the office you're not really home you got to learn over time how to be where you are in the moment that you're in that place so if you're at church and you're worrying about everything else you're not really at church and you can only do one of those things at a time and many people will have way too many things that they're trying to do all at the same time if you've ever seen acrobats they do this trick where they get a stick and they put a plate on the top of the stick and they spin it and the plate is spinning and then they put their head back and they put one on their forehead and they do this do you ever have all the plates spinning at the exactly the same revolutions per minute no it's impossible what do you have to do you got to get to the plate that's going to be the one that's going to fall off first cuz it needs a spin so you got to spin the personal development plate not in this order the service in the church plate the family plate I don't know how many plates you can spend but I'm doing pretty good if I can do three or four and that's about it when you get to 5 6 7 8 you're guaranteeing that you're not going to spin any of the plates and some of them are going to fall down and break so you got to be real clear about what matters most and once you get clear about that then it's a NeverEnding rotation among those fewer things that are the highest priorities spinning the plate so that it never Falls Spirit leave me with my trce with without P let me walk upon the waters whereever [Music] you take me deeper than my Fe could water

  Top Comments:
  1. @bluzone7 [10 likes]: This poem teaches me to have balance and where that balance comes from.
I need Thee Lord as the flower needs the sun, the rain and the soil. Be to me the Son that lights my way. The rain that waters my thirst and the soil that feeds my soul that Thy righteousness my be my bloom.
  2. @danite620 [5 likes]: I'm so greatful for our apostles. We have 15 strong men to help us . Simular to the 15 who the Lord used to deliver King Limhi , Alma and the Nephites out of bondage.
  3. @jimashman6251 [5 likes]: This reminds me of one of my favorite talks on this topic, O Be Wise, by Elder Ballard, Oct. 2006.  He also says in that talk (paraphrasing) that in any given responsibility, there is no such thing as "done," and there is always more that could be done.
"The key, it seems to me, is to know and understand your own capabilities and limitations and then to pace yourself, allocating and prioritizing your time, your attention, and your resources to wisely help others, including your family, in their quest for eternal life."
  4. @stephtimms1776 [5 likes]: Uh, I LOVE this apostle... but mothers have to be ready to do many things at once, 24/7.  Putting God 1st helps us do it.
  5. @stevebenard278 [3 likes]: Elder Bednar is a distant cousin. He’s also my favorite apostle!
  6. @jenhawk3874 [3 likes]: I just listened to this Q and A session it's so good!
  7. @IN_GODS_iTRUST [2 likes]: Love u brothers n sisters
  8. @CynaG [1 likes]: When I was a teenager most of our leaders concern was this.. until our stake Pres then our Branch Pres. distinctly says know what is important at a time
  9. @Junzar56 [1 likes]: You can do anything, but you can’t do everything.
  10. @aden.watts_zoomdrain [1 likes]: 🍚🍚🍚/🍚
  11. @rstevenhanson: It’s remarkable that someone with access to hundreds of billions of dollars has apparently never invested in a dictionary. He responds to a question about balance as though it were about multitasking, only to follow it with the plate analogy, which, ironically, is a textbook illustration of balance: devote too much attention to one plate and the others fall. That, of course, is precisely the point. Perhaps this shouldn’t be surprising coming from someone who once asserted that there are no homosexuals in the church. It’s fascinating what emerges when the teleprompter is removed.
  12. @AngelaDavenport-o6r: Thank you for including the text and the visuals of the circus spinning plates. This YouTube format is a lot easier to use than the original Facebook and Instagram post.
  13. @happyfence6340: Commit to the most important "plates" and give each a turn in their proper order and time.
  14. @dinocollins720: Another fantastic video! Thank you!
  15. @mattk311: Balance is bogus. ❤
  16. @gemelindacjp7976: Today I just feel like the world is off-balance.  I searched on YouTube for "lds balance";  this video came up.  Thank you.
  17. @DawnaRo: DANG!  I LOVE your podcasts.  Keep them coming when the Lord directs you to.
  18. @cameronpeterson1175: I've spent the last decade and a half delving into the "productivity genre" and this is some of the best advice I've heard.
  19. @DevonFine-mz8cu: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @lukedav: This is profound!

- How do balance marriage, fatherhood and a demanding career?  - Jordan   Peterson: Kind: captions Language: en really interesting and compelling because of all the transformations it's quite challenging and so just hang in there you'll you'll do fine um massage you know babies like touch they like skin to skin contact that's another thing you can do is put the baby on your chest you know with without any the baby can have a diaper on obviously but skin-to-skin contact babies like that they like to be touched they like to be patted um get to know the baby don't be afraid and like i said earplugs can really help you can still hear the baby crying it just won't drive you out of your skull and what good is that if you're all frazzled and stressed the baby will pick that up too so yeah yeah good luck you know you'll you'll do fine i suspect how did i balance marriage fatherhood and a demanding career well i stopped wasting time that helped a lot i stopped drinking i stopped going to bars i really didn't spend a lot of time with my friends when i had young kids in particular i had friends and i i saw them you know with some degree of regularity but where i cut corners was more with social life outside my family so i spent a lot of time with my wife and i spent a lot of time with my kids and i spent a lot of time on my career and so you have to make choices and i think those are reasonable choices i'm not displeased with them don't abandon your friendships but but you can certainly look at where you're wasting time and just stop doing things that you know to be a waste of time so and i did and so i had enough room for my marriage and i had enough room for my kids and i had enough room for my career and you know sort of a multi-dimensional career and i was always a challenge to me too to see how efficient i could get um and you could also and i've really recommended this for relatively higher income dual income couples who are trying to pursue dual careers kids and marriage you can outsource you know hire hire a cleaning lady if you can afford it um buy restaurant food if you can afford it etc no you can outsource get you can have someone do your laundry then you can concentrate on your marriage and your kids i know that that you know is only an avenue available to people who have relatively high incomes but people who have dual incomes have relatively high incomes and so outsource what's unnecessary so that you can concentrate on what's necessary i mean i didn't do that when i was beginning my career because when i lived in the united states when i was in my late 20s and starting my family we had one income you'd think a harvard beginning professor makes a lot of money and i suppose that's true in some absolute sense but relatively speaking you know we didn't have enough money to buy magazines we all our money went for for housing cost and and the basic necessities of living i had a car that was 20 years old 25 years old i think it was old it was a bloody thing the doors fell apart on the person i sold it to you know like six months down the road they knew it was a wreck at that point but we drove that thing right into the ground so i know that's not necessarily possible for everyone at the beginning of their career but if you have two incomes you can manage it i concentrated on my marriage and making time for it i concentrated on spending time with my kids consciously and i concentrated on developing my career those were the three elements of my life and i had some time left over for creative pursuits and and and for friends but most of it was a matter of getting rid of time wastes of any sort you know and i just pushed that out of my life you know day after day until i wasn't wasting any time or virtually no time and you know i've asked my undergraduates frequently how much time they waste per day and general estimates are like six to eight hours of time they regard themselves as wasting like that's a whole career right there right so if you just stop wasting time you can do it tremendous amount especially if you also try to maximize efficiency and i always found that incredibly motivating you know a motivating game how much can i do in the least amount of time possible that was that's fun to try to do that as far as i'm concerned i know you know that's maybe undoubtedly a temperamental thing but but if you're built if you're wired that way that's a great meta strategy become efficient i always ask my graduate students when they were designing experiments they'd come with a proposal i'd say to them you know is there any way you could do this 10 times faster what would you have to cut what would you have to change to do this 10 times faster and you can learn to do that i also learned to force the task to fit the time you know there's this dictum work expands to fill the time allowed for its completion well there's a corollary to that which is work becomes more efficient in proportion to the restrictions of time placed upon it so if you say well this could take me two weeks but i'm going to do the best job i could in one day you'd be amazed you can get 90 of the way or 95 of the way or sometimes even farther in that day so that's another way of becoming efficient you know if you only have 10 minutes to do something that should maybe take you two hours maybe you can figure out how to do it in 10 minutes you can get dreadfully efficient so that's very much worthwhile in my estimation if you want to do a lot of things what what else are you going to do you know rather than become efficient if you want to do many things you don't have much choice but it i found it extremely entertaining to try to do that and when i was healthy i could do a tremendous amount in a very short period of time i'm very frustrated that that's not so much the case now although perhaps it's coming back to some degree i have

  Top Comments:
  1. @josegsaravia [4 likes]: Needed this. Thank you.
  2. @soonyungwu3927 [1 likes]: I’ve stopped gaming and watching Netflix 🥲
  3. @jamesahere6844: Thanks for this.
  4. @sumayyahameed700: Excellent video!

- The Hidden Cost of Being a Content Creator in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Being an influencer looks like freedom. No boss, brand deals, money from your phone. But there's a hidden cost most creators don't see until it's too late. From the outside, you're getting paid to post, working with brands, growing fast. But behind the scenes, deadlines, negotiations, revisions, chasing payments. And the pressure never really stops because your income depends on staying relevant. Here's the part that stings. You don't own your audience. The platform does. Algorithm changes, your reach drops. New trends, your content gets ignored. And suddenly, your income becomes unpredictable. Most influencers are stuck in a loop. Post, perform, get paid, repeat. Miss a post, income drops. Views go down, brand deals slow down. This isn't freedom. It's dependency disguised as freedom. Another hidden cost, you become tied to your content, your opinions, your image, your niche. Changing direction becomes risky because your audience expects consistency. So even if you want to evolve, you feel stuck. The creators who escape this don't quit influencing. They upgrade it. They build brands, products, systems, ownership. They stop being just the face and start being the engine behind the business. Being an influencer can make you money, but being an owner builds something that lasts. The goal isn't to stop creating. It's to stop depending. Because real freedom isn't posting more. It's needing to post less.

- Hidden Costs of YouTube Monetization For New Creators & New Rules Of Youtube: Kind: captions Language: en Which user wants their channel to remain unmonetized and unable to earn money? But the problem arises when these people steal the money from those small, poor users, and even after their channel is monetized, they do n't get any benefit; neither do they get any money nor do they get fame. Their channel is simply monetized, and after a few days, their channel is demonetized. Welcome to this new video. Today, I will tell you what this monetization scam is and how new users are trapped in this channel. So, if you are new, then like the video and subscribe to the channel. Now, without wasting time, let's move on to the topic. So, first of all, let's understand what a monetization scam is. Look at any new user, their only aim is to get their channel monetized. Because new users think that money will come from their channel only when their channel is monetized, which is somewhat true. If your channel is not monetized, you wo n't get any money, but what do you do? You either get your channel promoted or you purchase subscribers from some dark side panel or someone, you purchase watch time from someone, in this way you get your channel monetized but what benefit did you get from it, nothing because if your channel gets monetized then in reality whatever money you wasted in monetizing your channel, all that money goes waste because you will not be able to earn a single thing from the channel which you have monetized, let's see how, you must have seen many people's channels having subscribers of 2k but how many views do they get, they had zero one subscribers, they were not their real subscribers and they did not like to watch them, hence their views will not come and I will also tell you how much profit you will get from the 2000, 3000, 000 rupees that you have monetized your channel by paying, although every category has a different CPM but the common CPM is a CPM of 4k. You will get $1 for 44000 views and $1 becomes 80, so when you get 000 views on your entire channel, only then will YouTube give you $1, which you can withdraw. You cannot withdraw less than $100, this is Google $3 or more. If we talk about shorts, for a minimum of $1, you should have 1.5 million views on your channel, only then can you withdraw $8000 from it. And right now this question must be coming in your mind that the videos of big tubers get 1 million, some get 2 million views, but they do not spend so much money on one video, some YouTubers spend one lakh on their videos, so when they get that much money from Google, if they get monetized, they will get a lot of money and that, this, that, and after knowing all this, if you still get your channel promoted or focus more on getting your channel monetized, then sorry to say, bigger than you There is no [ __ ] and if you have understood then never get your channel promoted, never exchange subscribers of your channel, never do watch time purchase, stay away from all these things but if you want to grow your channel then subscribe to this channel because right now I have grown in youtube2 videos or first three videos and if you want you can comment on this video, if a lot of comments come then I will put all those things in front of you like youtube2 really works so I hope you understand this video thank you friend, see you later, till then bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @aayushinehakumari9crno259 [1 likes]: Noice !
  2. @akash56278 [1 likes]: Your editing level ⏫
  3. @akash56278: 😢
  4. @Lofijaxmusic: Right bro

- HOW Youtube Changed My Life (in 4 months) | My Journey to Full-Time Creator: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube literally changed my life in four months and in this video I'm going to tell you why that happened how it happened what I did to make it happen and how you can make it happen for yourself let's go back to March of 2024 so a year ago I had sorry my name is Rob if you're new here welcome it's nice to meet you uh and if you're returning welcome back a year ago in March I decided to make a go with this YouTube thing uh I had a channel it was over 3 years old and it wasn't going anywhere it was dying in fact I hadn't made a video in months I made I think seven videos in the previous 20 months leading up to last March but I knew I wanted to do this I wanted to do YouTube I had been kind of studying about it for three years I started my channel in uh January 2021 I think is when I posted my first video yeah I started with a bang I think I made nine videos that first month and then nothing for eight months and couple of fall starts anyways the long and the short of it is uh by last the start of last year here um the channel was going nowhere but I decided I wanted to make a go of it I didn't want to just be a freelancer um uh the rest of my life which is what I was doing and I was I was good at it uh I was making good money um but it was a lot of work and I wanted to move from making videos for people to teaching people how to make their own videos okay so that was kind of the the Catalyst for me so in March of last year I needed to come up with a plan okay and the plan was make three videos a week and one live stream every week and if I could do that and promote my live streams from my videos and promote my videos from my live streams uh if I could do that then I would grow that was the plan um now I actually started the plan in January uh but it took me a couple months to put everything together uh the biggest hurdle for me was uh how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot the live streams are kind of easy once you do them I mean it took me um took me uh several times to get kind of comfortable doing it and when you first start live streaming you're not going to have anybody watching you so you're live streaming to nobody uh but that's okay just have something ready to demonstrate but the three videos a week was was an issue it's like how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot uh take it to it took me 20 months to make seven right so um what I did is I had to come up with a framework for my videos and every video was to be to have the same framework um I had decided I was going to teach people how to edit videos uh not necessarily from start to finish but more individual little things to how to videos so every video was going to have like a demonstration in the middle but it was also going to have an intro and going to have an ending every intro I want it to be less than a minute and in that minute I wanted to announce what I was going to show them in the video but then I was also going to plug my own live streams okay I tell every everybody that every week if you have any questions or you want to see me demonstrate something come by on Tuesdays at 2:00 I settled on a date in a time uh uh come by with your questions and I'll help you out uh and I also plugged the fact that I'm making three videos a week and I I said that I making these videos all the time so if there's anything else you want to see from me let me know in the comments below uh subscribe if you want to see more so that's the way I set things up and then also the ending the ending I did the same thing I plugged the live stream and I plugged all my videos okay uh and then when it came time to to do the live streams uh I would have a an intro kind of ready for those as well um where I would explain to people what I'm doing uh and uh those started slow I think I had four people in my first live stream uh my first one last March that is it wasn't my first one ever um but uh yeah had four and then I think I had seven the second one uh so it started slow but uh it it grew anyways the back to these videos to do to do three videos a week so I had the framework all set up to I I also needed systems in place so I needed uh a recording system and also an editing system the recording system was that I was going to make my intro and my outro in one go in one take and to do those I would write a script and use a telepromter because I I didn't want to mess those up I wanted them to be delivered really quickly uh I I knew retention was a big thing that I wanted PE I want I needed to be able to retain people uh and so I wanted to deliver those quickly and the only way I could do that was with a teleprompter um so I know I'm kind of against them now but not always I do use it every once in a while but I do think it's important to learn how to talk to the camera like this kind of off off the cuff like what I'm doing now but anyways I used a teleprompter that was part of the the plan uh and then the middle part of the video I would I would record separately uh because the middle part was also recording my screen and demonstrating something uh and that would be basically the meat of the of the uh video and then I would edit edit them all together and I would edit them consistently so they all kind of looked the same same intro uh same like Graphics uh I I made a little animated logo of the Camtasia logo uh I I got some music that I really liked and I use that same music every time um so yeah and that way I was able to copy and paste that intro um with a new recording of me every time and because every video was going to be about something different uh but essentially the framework was going to be the same for every video so that allowed me to make those more quickly and in fact I could make more than three a week I was making sometimes five a week I was getting ahead of the game so I could schedule them in advance something else I did is I set up my desk the way I wanted it to so that it would be very easy for me to start recording so if I saw a comment one of of my videos uh or somebody asked me a question in a live stream uh I could immediately write it down and then when I finished doing what I was doing I was ready to record I could just hit record on the camera record on my screen record on my audio and record and it was very quick and as long as I kept my videos relatively short then I could do these three videos a week so by short uh I tried to aim for between five and 10 minutes um and take a minute off for each of the intro and the outro so that would be you know 3 to eight minutes of actual content so that was the plan so now let's get to the results of of my plan and and these four months March April May June of last year uh so again before March I think my watch hours were 285 um hours per month and the previous month and if you do the math to get 4,000 watch hours in a year which is what you need to be monetized uh that averages 333 hours per month okay um and uh so I was averaging less than that and the channel was shrinking uh but what happened was in March I got 324 hours so almost to the average of 333 that I needed so but that was great it was growing 324 hours and 85 subscribers I got in March uh so awesome what about the next month April I got 800 watch hours so huge I more than doubled the watch hours in April because I was making three videos a week uh each new video was getting more and more uh views and and my subscriber count was growing as well it went up to 170 new subscribers in April then in May the watch hours jumped to 1360 just for that month so at that point I'm I'm looking at it thinking wow I like I just have to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm going to be monetized in a month or two um and that's exactly what happened so 1360 watch hours in May 294 new subscribers uh so that's awesome and then in June I got over 2,000 watch hours and 474 new subscribers and I was monetized so it happened that quickly four months once I decided I just needed to get consistent and uh once I put my plan in place uh it happened for me now is this always going to happen no no uh and I do have some ideas as to why it happened for me uh the way that it did and I think the number one thing besides having a consistent plan uh I think the number one thing was that I was making videos that helped people solve a problem uh every one of my videos was teaching people how to do something uh and the fact that I was responding to all of my uh subscribers all of my viewers um with videos that they were asking for right I was never in need of coming up with a an idea for a new video because I had a list of 10 to 20 because people kept asking me for more more videos videos on this videos on that and uh uh so they were feeding me the ideas all the ideas I needed so I was being as helpful as I could and I was building trust with my audience and I think that's the key that's the key it allowed me to grow as quickly as I did and I got my first paycheck from YouTube uh for June and it was $28 a modest amount it's not going to pay any bills but uh I was on my way and I knew all I had to do was keep on doing what I was doing and that was probably going to keep on growing and other opportunities would open up as well because you can make money through YouTube uh or with a YouTube channel uh in way more ways than just through their ad Revenue um and I started to do that in the months that followed so let me just tell you though before I wrap this up tell you about the month after that in July um I had a video go viral so I was expecting I think I was kind of expecting maybe around 4,000 watch hours uh based on how my growth was going and and uh how the live streams were growing uh but what happened was I made one video that was a little bit different I took a chance and I made a video that was a little bit different than all my other videos um it was still targeted to the same audience I knew who my audience was they were people who were editing videos uh with Camtasia um mostly for other people so I made a video that that basically said if you're over 40 years old I think you should start your own YouTube channel and that resonated with a lot of people way more than just my subscribers so what happened was in July I got instead of the 4,000 watch hours I was hoping to get I got over 30,000 watch hours uh because of that one video that one video uh pushed me up over 16,000 subscribers um brought in over 12,000 subscribers that month that video alone uh uh because it really resonated with people so do I am I saying you need to have a video go viral for this to work for you no not at all uh I'm I'm hoping that what I demonstrated was that I was on my way anyways before that video Hit um and and but what happened was instead of the $200 that I made in June for July I made almost $1,700 uh and then it came back down in the months that followed but has since uh grown to surpass that the results of the plan that I put in place in March of last year uh and what what I did in those first four months the result of that is that I am now a full-time YouTuber no the AdSense money alone is not enough to pay all of the bills uh it it certainly has grown and continues to grow uh but I'm now making money from other sources like affiliate commission course sales I created a couple of courses and I'm making some more as well coaching I started off offering coaching and I'm developing a uh a mentorship program uh there's just a whole bunch of things that that brand deals um what else is there something else I'm missing something anyways there's a whole bunch of other ways you can make money once you have a channel uh that uh you build that's helping people you know people need help with all kinds of things not just video editing um so hopefully this video will kind of open your eyes a little bit as to as to how uh you can grow a channel um and how you may be able to apply what I've done to what you are doing uh and the types of videos that you want to make it all starts with coming up with a plan develop a plan put systems in place that help you uh create more videos faster and help you uh follow your plan to uh reach the goals that you want to you want to reach um you can do this you can do that it's not rocket science yes I'm still busy I still busy I'm very busy I'm probably busier than I was before but uh I love what I'm doing uh and I probably won't have to stay this busy forever uh as the channel grows you can kind of sit back a little bit more maybe not make I'm still making one to three videos a week uh the three video weeks are quite busy uh and I'm still doing my live streams every week because I absolutely love those they're a lot of fun uh and if you want to join me in the next one Tuesday 2:00 1:00 Eastern 2 o'clock here in Halifax uh uh I'll be live again so uh yeah that said I hope you found this helpful uh you can do this you just got to put a plan in place and follow it and before you know it you'll be where I am or way past where I'm at thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video all right bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @servingtheonlycreator7428 [2 likes]: I'll be monetized soon. Thanks for the help.
  2. @buildwithtom [1 likes]: Great video Rob!  Fellow maritimer eyeing YouTube over here!  Thanks for the solid advice and figures.
  3. @Cooking-withE [1 likes]: I just started mine not long ago! Keep up the great content!
  4. @Karolina.InnerShift [1 likes]: that was very useful and motivating :) thank you
  5. @ThreadedNerd [1 likes]: Thanks! I am just getting started and was starting to get stuck on where I should start with my content because I have ideas.. lots of them LOL .. I have a goal to drive traffic to my apparel site but ultimately want to create content that will help customers/audience relate to me and want to buy the shirt designs I make. But trying to decide how to get started or make an initial plan was starting to feel impossible because I am not used to putting myself out there and being on camera. I am going to check out your next video about camera confidence 101 LOL.. I'm 45 and wanting a change. It's time.
  6. @StankaSimonovic [1 likes]: Thank you! I started my channel 10 days ago and I’m really excited. I truly love what my channel is about. Hoping I can grow it and get an audience. Your video is amazing!!!
  7. @LongiBrudda [1 likes]: Thank you for this. I've watched the whole video and took notes but to paraphrase the key message (for me anyway) is "Develop a plan, put systems in place to create and upload content quickly, and follow your plan". Is that broadly right?
  8. @Kingfish888 [1 likes]: You go Rob! Very impressive & inspiring. I’m launching my 1st YouTube channel any day & I needed this pep talk.
  9. @edasjourney [1 likes]: Good luck all 🎉
Sometimes it is so difficult to keep going.. we give up too easy when we don’t see anything much at the start whereas if we did take in to account the small wins and steps it would be way more motivating - I guess 🙈
  10. @Fon10s_Perspective [1 likes]: I started my channel and posted my first video on this month. Thank you Rob.
  11. @brianphelps6607: How did you pay the bills during the first 4 months? If you work a 9-5, there's no space for 3 videos per week and all those revenue sources.
  12. @TheFinReaperBowfishing: Maaaaaan im trying to build ! Keep it going bro
  13. @mg.shahriar: Reality is crazy sometimes, while working full time and after spending 10 hours in front of screen then come back home sometimes do not feel like spending extra minutes to make videos. But still keep going. Will replace 9 to 5 one day with youtube. Keep going guys.
  14. @NelsonDIYFix: I actually followed your advice before about not forcing videos to friends/Facebook and just letting YouTube find the right audience.

Back then I only had around 100+ subscribers, now I’m close to 1k. Consistency really works 👍
  15. @mschreib: Stand still & what are you 
talking about? You ramble
  16. @MensHairReviewGGR: Have been trying to do this for the past 3 years now and I think one of the hardest parts is staying committed & consistent! Thank you for the inspiration
  17. @shelliwiser9530: his background is deja vu of a nightmare. traffic jam and high speed chase. walking. weird
  18. @SimpleZ1997: I have to ask after just starting on YouTube. Can anyone really make it on this platform? It seems like such a long journey to make it
  19. @elizabethsonga7698: I'm 70 I need to do YouTube. What do I need.
  20. @DavidMichael-bi3jw: 4 months? you are one of the lucky ones. It took me 18 months to monetize my channel, only to find out they pay $1 per 1000 views. Rather learn a high income skill, dont waste your time on YT. The reality is it wont take you 4 months, and the rewards will be low.

- EP 4: The Hidden Cost of Being a Creator Nobody Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en The real cost of being a creator isn't just money. It's what it does to you over time. In our last video, we talked about what's actually happening behind the scenes with money in the creator world, in the creator businesses. Inconsistent income, taxes, no real system in place to manage it all. But what most people don't realize is that just doesn't just stay a financial problem. It starts to show up everywhere. In how you think, [music] in how you make decisions, and how you feel about your business and your content. You know, the first cost is you're constantly thinking about money. Not necessarily in a good or strategic way. In a low-level stress in the background kind of [music] way. You may be asking your ques- yourself questions like, "Am I doing okay right now? Can I actually afford this? Uh what happens if next month drops or that brand deal doesn't come through or the AdSense is lower than I expected? Um and it it never really turns off. You know, cost number two, you know, you become reactive in this. You know, and so instead of making decisions from a place of clarity, you you start reacting. You you take on things you don't really want to do because the money's there. Good opportunity, I need the money. I don't know if I need it. More is good, more right? Um or you hesitate on things you should do. Yeah, because you're not sure if you can afford it. Um you focus on more of the urgent things rather than things that are really important. Um and the third cost is you know, you're kind of feeling you're kind of feeling stuck. Um and over time, you know, you end up in this weird place where you're you're growing, but it doesn't really feel like progress. Um you're making more, but you don't feel more secure. And you start wondering, "Why does this still feel so hard if I'm making all this money and I have this great business?" You know, in the last cost here I would talk about, you know, is it it starts to change how you see yourself. Um instead of feeling like a content creator or business owner, you you feel like you're just trying to keep up. Um and that gap, you know, between where you are and where you thought you'd be, you know, that's that's really what wears a lot of people down. But you know, here's the thing. This isn't because you're bad with money. And it's not because, you know, being a creator being a creator is broken [music] or there's something inherently wrong with this profession or business. You know, it's because you've been growing trying to grow this bi- this business, which is exactly what it is, you know, without the systems that actually support it. And once you fix that, you know, things start to get a lot simpler and you feel more in control and on top of things. In the next video, I'm going to show you what actually changes this and how creators start to feel like they're in control again.

- Hidden Content Creator Costs | 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hey YouTube, I've not done I've just thrown a tissue away. I've not done any evening content before and I wanted to get this vlog out of the way. Hopefully you can see me okay. I'm using I've got my main selfie light on and in honesty I'm using one of my old lights on a tripod. I probably don't need it. Let's try it. Let's try turning it off. See what happens. Ow, my elbow man. Oh my god. Well, I'm turning it back on cuz that was really nice and bright. Ah, that's just like a fill light. So why am using two lights? Uh, the title of this in fact I'm getting some light off of the tablet screen as well. What's this vlog about? The hidden costs of being a content creator in 2026. I should not have put this hoodie on cuz I'm starting to get hot. Uh, this happened in the last vlog I had to take it off because the microphone's already there. I'll just I'll just try and keep going. What are the hidden costs of being a content creator in 2026? Now, we could end this video really quickly and I'm going to break it down. So it should be a five five to 10 minute vlog. I'll try not to keep it too long. What are the hidden costs? There are no hidden costs. It I mean I've seen a few vlogs online where people are like, "Oh, this that that that that that." I don't pay for promo. I'm not paying for Google ads. I'm not trying to push my vlogs or videos into anything. I think I did say in one of the videos in one of my previous vlogs that I did pay for promo once and it was like £5 worth of promo but it got to like £1 and I'm like, "This ain't making no difference." So I just cut it off cuz I just canceled it. Uh, I've still got the ads thing set up with my bank card but I've never used it so I will I will in fact I'll remove my bank card after uh, filming this. Hidden costs. I'm using a mobile phone which I already owned. It's a second-hand mobile phone and I got it from Amazon. Now, they said it was in excellent condition and they lied. Uh I had a real I've had a real go at them. The phone doesn't receive calls. It's an It's an an irritant that I wasn't expecting. So, it's a Japanese import. It doesn't receive calls unless people ring me using WhatsApp, which is okay. I mean, I don't want to talk to people anyway. But, people can ring me using WhatsApp. So, for business, for engine software tuning and whatnot, the garages message me on WhatsApp. We can transfer files that way or we can use email or we can use Facebook or whatever. We can use plenty of things. The reason I love this phone, it's a it's a full-time vlogger's phone. It's it to me, it's better than an iPhone and it's better than a Samsung. Why? Because I want a phone that has a 3 and 1/2 mm socket. I want to listen to high-quality audio. And with the last phone I owned, oh no, the last phone I owned was an Xperia as well, but it was a crappier version. It was a Sony Xperia 10 6, which was beautiful, but the processor just wasn't up to par. It was a Snapdragon 6.1 and I think this is the old Snapdragon 8.2 or 8.3, which you'll get in the old Samsung S22, but it's a bad boy chip. Like, I can do all my stuff with it. So, I need 3.5 mm. I needed a better processor just for when I'm rendering video and stuff, when I'm making content. Uh and like the 10 6, this model, the Sony Xperia 5 5 5 or 5 V, uh has an internal SD card expansion. I'm not getting that from my iPhone. I'm not get I'm not putting nothing in the cloud. I need my information where I can I just want my stuff with me. Plus, I've got movies on the SD card, full-length movies. This screen is a 21 by I'm recording in 16 by 9, but the actual display of this phone is 21 by 9. So, if if I'm on a bus or I was on a coach journey to Amsterdam, I didn't even take my air glass AR glasses cuz the screen's, you know, where it is and I can put it on the You've got the seat in front of you on a coach or on a bus. The screen's here, so it's big enough for me to see and I just had my earbuds in. Uh so, the last time I traveled, I didn't even take my computer. Left left the tablet. And it was just this phone because it's a powerhouse. Now, speaking of what things cost, this phone cost £320 second hand. Why And I'm doing everything with it. I'm I'm doing more media than anyone I know and all the people that know me own iPhones and Samsungs or Galaxies or Googles. They ain't doing nothing like they're not doing anything. You know, I can record content. I can film myself playing the piano. I can film myself creating music. I can film myself when I'm out walking. It's got a beautiful Even the selfie camera is good. I mean, I might I ordered a magnetic countdown timer so that I won't keep making the mistake of talking for too long. But really, I could have just made all my vlogs using this camera. God, it's doing the thing. It's working. Okay, we're at And now at least I can see we're at 5 minutes and I will try and wrap this up. So, £320 for this phone. This this what I'm calling a media creation tool. Uh seconds to that, the phone is on a mount on a Ulanzi mount there. 285. That cost £20. The reason I changed my mount, I gave the old mount to a homeless guy locally. The reason I changed to this mount is because it's magnetic. That was the only real reason. And when you put it on the floor, so when you when you unscrew the lock and then you extend it, as you put it on the floor and just tap it on the floor, the legs just pop out. It's a sick little feature, so I'm not having to do anything. Oh, it's also got a start stop. Uh see if I can get it off without shaking the camera. It also has a remote for me to start and stop when I'm when I'm vlogging, which is pretty cool. And that comes with it. So, it just connects and clips in. Uh it's battery operated, so it's not rechargeable, which for me is cool. It turns off after 5 minutes of not non-use or 10 minutes of non-use, but either way it's it's it's it's a cool feature. So, it's got this. It's got a magnet on both sides. So, my phone is on the front main magnet and my selfie light is magneted to the back of it. That's perfect. So, this selfie uh sorry, this tripod costs 20 lb and I can double-check that. Currently they're charging Okay, it's gone up. Currently, they're charging 24 lb 29. This is AliExpress. This isn't like big big spending. And the selfie light that's on the phone is 13 lb and 9 p. So, those are the costs. I want to turn this light off again and see see see what I can do. Um so, that light's off and I want to try and turn up this light. Oh, What have I done? Okay. Right. So, now we're just with this light. The camera might No, it's not enough, is it? it's okay, but it's not enough. So, for evening content that to me that looks better. For evening content, I will be using my old light and this together. However, if I was facing the other way, I'd only have that light. So, this Oh, this is the first time I'm using the selfie light. Let me cover it up. Yeah, it's taking away some of it. So, it's useful. Okay. Does it No, it's not hot. But, USB-C charging Every All my devices are USB-C charging for convenience, but 20 quid for a stand 12 13 quid for a light. If I held had the camera closer, I'm sure that would be fine. I need to test this selfie light because this uh tripod comes I could have ordered it with a different type of light that clips on the back and that might be a brighter light which is an LM-19. So, the light that's on here, just so you guys know, is called the Ulanzi M10. You can find that yourself. So, the Ulanzi M10 is what I'm using as a light, but there's also a Ulanzi LM-19 which I might have to try. That might be a brighter light. Or I could just stop being an idiot and put that brighter light on top of the camera. So, there's another option and keep that one for if I'm just outside at nighttime or something. I think that's that I think that Well, there we go. It's solved. I don't have to spend any more money. So, what does it cost? Uh What are the hidden costs of being a content creator? There are none. There aren't any. I'm filming this now. Once this is recorded cuz it's one take. Uh sometimes I'll start and stop. So, I'll throw it into the video creator app by Sony. It's got its own editing app or I'll throw it in CapCut. Just put them together, export. And then once it's exported, I upload to YouTube. Just hit the plus button. Boom. Give it a title. Done. So, there are no real costs. If you want to get into this and you want to start putting out content, it's no different to making a phone call with your friend. It's no To me, it's no different to just whatever I'd normally be doing during the day. If I'm sat there making music, I may as well film it. If I'm practicing the piano or if I just feel like putting content out before I've practiced, I'll just play it and you can hear the mistakes when I put in that videos. I'm keeping this as real as possible. So, if you hear something go wrong, if I create music and it sounds I'm still going to upload it. The It's You just just just put it out. It's just content. Uh What else? There's not really much else to say. So, yeah, if if you're considering content creation or if you think there may be hidden costs, there are no hidden costs. It's really really simple. Oh, this microphone maybe costs around 12 pounds or something and it's the Lineum M8 and it's the single microphone so it doesn't come with a nice case or anything. It just comes in like a normal pouch and to be honest, I keep it in my I keep it in my organizer. Oh, maybe I should do a a vlog about that about my everyday everyday carry. People like making everyday carry video. Bro, what am I carrying I might do that anyway. I might do that now. Take care. Thanks for watching.

- The Battle for Your Time: Exposing the Costs of Social Media | Dino Ambrosi | TEDxLagunaBlancaSchool: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Norhan Eliwa Reviewer: Sadegh Vahdati Nia By providing space for constant evolution, we can all transform how we view ourselves and the world around us. Bear with me, everybody. I'm going to start off today on a little bit of a heavy note, but I promise things will lighten up. The dots on this screen represent an adult life in months, assuming a life expectancy of 90. So if you're 18 years old right now, this is an optimistic estimate of the months that you have left. Take a second to take that in. Probably not as many as you would expect. And I’m sorry to say that it does get worse because about a third of that time is going to be spent sleeping. On average, 126 of those months will go to school in your career. About 18 will be spent driving, 36 cooking and eating, 36 doing chores and errands and about 27 in the bathroom and taking care of personal hygiene. So that leaves you with 334 months, optimistically, for everything else. So this is where you tick the boxes on your bucket list. This is where you pursue your passions and travel the world and leave your mark. How you spend this time is going to determine the quality of your life. But this time isn't just something that you spend, it’s also something that you invest. Because what you do with it will quite literally determine the kind of person you become. The body, mind and character that you will have in the future are being actively shaped by how you choose to use your time today. So take a second and ask yourself, “What do you want to do with that free time? What things do you want to do that you haven't done? Who do you want to spend that time with? What is worth investing it in?” Now, I would be willing to bet that scrolling through TikTok, binge watching Netflix, and playing video games probably did not come to mind. But today, the average 18 year old in the United States is on pace to spend 93% of their remaining free time looking at a screen. That is not counting time for school. So wrap your head around how sad that is. Imagine getting to the age of 90, seeing this visualization of how you spent all your time after the age of 18 and thinking about all the things you could have done that you did not do because you got distracted. And I also want you to ask yourself, “What do you think over 26 years of screen time would do to you? What is that an investment in? How would it change you?” It's well established that there's a link between high screen time and mental health issues such as depression and anxiety. But recently we've started to unveil the cognitive consequences of excessive tech use as well. When we're staring at our screens, we are constantly switching our attention between different pieces of information. The average TikTok is about 15 seconds long, and over 55% of webpages are viewed for 15 seconds or less. And if you're switching your attention every 15 seconds for an average of eight hours and 39 minutes a day, you are training yourself to become chronically distracted. Think about what that will do to your career, to your relationships, and to your ability to pursue the things that matter most to you. Unfortunately, the consequences of screen time are not limited to our mental health and our cognition. Because every social media platform carries a message that affects what we believe. They influence the way we see ourselves and the way we see the world purely based on how they are designed. Instagram inherently says that your worth is largely defined by what you look like and what you do on vacations. It compels you to capture all the most meaningful moments of your life on camera and share them with your entire social network. And it implicitly says that it's more valuable to have a thousand people that will give you transient social approval than a few that deeply care about you, even when it’s not your best day. Snapchat inherently says that the quality of our relationships is best measured by the frequency of our communication, regardless of what we're actually saying. You get a point added to your Snapchat streak, even if you just send a picture of the side of your face with the caption streaks. Twitter says that anything worth saying can and should be reduced to an arbitrary number of characters. It says that the world is black and white. That it's more important to be updated about everything, then deeply informed about anything. And when you start to compare the messages these platforms are sending with those of technologies from the past, you begin to get a sense of what we might be losing, because the inherent structure of a book says that the world is complex and it takes time to understand. It compels us to walk in the shoes of other people and see things from their perspective with context. And it forces us to focus on one train of thought for an extended period of time, which nurtures our attention. And the letter tells us that our communication doesn't need to be frequent. It just needs to be deep. So when you factor all that in, it quickly becomes clear that the opportunity cost of this screen time is impossible to calculate. And I have never shown this visualization to anyone that actually wants to spend time staring at a screen. So there is a stark difference between how much time we say our screens are worth and how much time we actually give them. And it is critical to realize that is not an accident. That is by design. It’s a consequence of a business model, that has incentives which are fundamentally misaligned with your wellbeing. Because you are the product that social media sells. These services are free because they are monetizing you. They profit by helping advertisers change your future behavior, whether that be where you spend your time, how you spend your money or even who you vote for. In order to do that, they have to do two things. They need to figure out which ads are going to influence you by collecting as much data about you as they possibly can. And then they need to show you as many of those ads as possible. So social media is free because you pay for it with your time. Their profit is directly linked to how long they can get you to scroll. And every social media platform is in a battle with each other to capture as much of your free time as possible. So let’s run a thought experiment. I want you to ask yourself, how much would you pay for your favorite social media platform if it charged you a monthly subscription fee? So pick the app that you use the most. And raise your hand if you would pay at least $5 a month. Okay. How about $10 a month? 20? Don't see any hands anymore. Well, let's do a quick calculation to figure out how much we're effectively paying for an app like TikTok. We'll assume that you value your time at a rate of $20 per hour and you're spending two hours a day on the platform or 30 days in a month. So you're effectively paying $1,200 per month for TikTok. So when you start to do this kind of analysis, it quickly becomes clear that most of us are drastically overpaying for social media. My ask of you is this: Figure out what it means for you to get a good deal out of social media platforms. In order to do that, you have to do two things: You have to ask yourself, “What value do these services provide? And second, you have to ask, “How much of your time is that value worth?” Now, I want to be clear that I am not saying social media is without value. It can be an incredibly powerful tool. It can foster relationships. It can introduce you to new ideas. It can even spark social movements. But we need to learn to use it in moderation. Don't let yourself get to the age of 90, only to look back on your life and realize that while you were trying to avoid FOMO, you actually missed out on living. That free time is your most valuable resource. Do not give it away for free. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @gigglystinkfinger [1 likes]: Cellphones and social media are robbing every person of every normal human emotion, trait, ect.. And AI is a way to take away your ability and judgement to distinguish real from fake. Cellphones and social media are the most dangerous type of warfare ever released upon humanity.
  2. @OyinkansolaE.Ogunrinade [1 likes]: He just captured some of my recent thoughts in the very best way. Thank you for these well-researched and comprehensive speech. 

The experiment on “how much would you pay…” is spot on. I can’t afford spending so much on a platform that isn’t giving me a tangible result. 😑
  3. @anmoldeepkaur6237: ❤
  4. @Tigs2: Did i spend another 11 minutes of my free time watching this? I want yo buy an old nokia phone that just does phone calls!!
  5. @veena9823: Successfully deleted snap chat and instagram account 🧘‍♀️🧘‍♀️ I used to gym and yoga.. now I'm  more into..it
And doing good things  reading books, cooking and cleaning with out seeing my phone ..which is good for mental health..♥️

You tube is best.. now we can limit our short videos also.. if u don't want we can restrict.. 


Please give  me thumbs up  guys .. I will  remember that i should not install instagram no matter what  in future..🙃
  6. @Sonnyblankey123: You know what's crazy is that if you look up videos like this there's barely any of them because they don't want you to know that they're here
  7. @amandachartier6892: Thank you for spreading this knowledge
  8. @movie6819: Social media doesn't take subscription fees rather it takes your valuable times that hourly rate10$++
  9. @loganrichey648: I'm watching this on a screen. Excellent advice though!
  10. @niicoiacono: este video me hizo querer salir a tocar pasto
  11. @DrawWithSanskar: This one of the direct and practical speech I have here in the internet I will surely become  conscious while using social media 😊
  12. @ilonaxxx20: Many people spend much much more time driving.
  13. @HussainAftab-k7u: Exceptional lesson brother 👏 
Your every point was spot on and made full resemblence with real life.
  14. @NoCompilerHere: I would be so happy if I actually got to spend that many months of my life playing videogames lol
  15. @akanjiabdulrahman-wq3cz: I'll be turning 18 in the next few days and bro just saved my life! ❤️
  16. @Cid-dxd: W guy talks w things
  17. @paispalooza: literally so grateful i saw this in person omg
  18. @BehzadSepahdust-l1r: This video one of the most influential and helpful video I've ever seen.
  19. @BehzadSepahdust-l1r: Thanks!
  20. @juliethasagun1634: I would like to see the study which creates this time graph. Is there any scientific souce which is trustworthy?

- Positive Effects of Social Media | Animation Explainer Template: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in today's society social media has become a powerful and popular tool in people's daily life due to its wide coverage social media has millions and millions users in any part of the world the biggest and most useful function is that we can use them to chat and keep in touch with others we can post something that we want to share such as our feelings things that are gonna happen or had already happened of course we can view others moments too to find something funny to know what happened around you in the last few years social media has greatly changed the world of marketing enterprises use social media to showcase their brands build a good relationship with customer and drawing new sales social media makes life convenient lets people get reach to each other it certainly plays a great role for the success of each individual

  Top Comments:
  1. @KamioKazeharu [2 likes]: came across this vid while doing school project. this is easy to understand, people should be aware of the positive sides too.
  2. @20_laudyaazzahram.8 [1 likes]: easy to understand and cool
  3. @professorstaton4605: Whee are the closed captions?  not accessible by everyone.
  4. @Dibalikfakta_aja: Saya izin menggunakan untuk proyek saya, ya😊
  5. @nhatha08: 1. Các loại phương tiện truyền thông đại chúng là gì?

Truyền hình là một loại hình truyền thông đại chúng truyền thống. Nó phát sóng tin tức, chương trình giải trí, phim ảnh và các chương trình giáo dục thông qua các kênh truyền hình.

Internet là một loại phương tiện truyền thông đại chúng hiện đại. Nó cho phép mọi người truy cập tin tức, mạng xã hội, video, trang web và nhiều nền tảng trực tuyến khác mọi lúc mọi nơi.
  6. @starshine-m5q: permission to use this for school purpose only! Thank you 🩷
  7. @NimishaBharali: Can I use this video for my Dissertation?
  8. @joannasanpascual3028: Permission to use video
  9. @soumyamishra5006: Permission to use for my social media page actually this is my university project
  10. @PPTC.2024: How do i freaking downlad itt
  11. @chocolatte-z2v: great presentation, very easy to understand
  12. @naerabeom: Good video, simple and easy to understand
  13. @shwetagaonkar4774: Permission to use this for school project. Thank you !
  14. @itsmae.e_c: Permission to use this video, for school purposes.thank you.
  15. @Rosidah-h1t: Permission to use this video for project my school, thanks
  16. @FlexieRapirap: permission to use this video for school purposes only, thank you very much!❤
  17. @anjhanifellaramadhany4859: Permission to use this video for my school project. Thank youu!
  18. @clairepanal4829: Hello Sir/Ma'am! Good afternoon, I would like to ask for your permission to use this video for school activity/project and video presentation. Thankyou!
  19. @DavidjohnsonVareeka: Permission to use this video clip for academic purpose. Thank you
  20. @jeanobuga3864: permission to use this video for school project. Thank you!

- How Social Media is Destroying Society: Kind: captions Language: en i want you to start looking for something and i promise you once you start looking for it you'll never be able to stop seeing it everywhere you go when's the last time you've walked into a restaurant and saw an entire table of friends on their phone or a group of people on the street or maybe even your family in the morning each content to be in their own world nearly unaware of the reality around them if the majority of human interaction is non-verbal what would happen if you removed everything but that small remainder for over a decade as it turns out that's the very experiment that we're living in today i remember when i was growing up way back in the day a prehistoric time before everyone had a cell phone and computers were named after the year they were made in okay i'm not quite a dinosaur yet but i grew up in a unique time where half of my childhood was without the major technology and platforms that seemed to rule parts of our lives today and the other half of my childhood was rapidly slingshotted into the new age of technology i remember from the earlier half of my childhood life seemed different especially human interaction if you wanted to talk with someone you had no other option but to physically go out and find them and spend uninterrupted time with them in the same room and while you were there there was nothing pulling your attention away nothing in the back of your mind reminding you that there are hundreds of other people sharing information that you might be missing out on that degree of presence practice day in and day out created a different richness to human interaction with intricacies and nuances that seems to be slowly and gradually lost the further we progress into this new age of technological advancement and with the meteoric rise in popularity for documentaries like the social dilemma it's safe to say that this is a growing sentiment and realization within today's culture the terrifying crux to the problem is actually quite simple there's a massive mismatch between the rate of adaptation and advancement between our biology and technology because of the law of accelerating returns the pace of advancement in information technology is exponential and while technology continues to grow at a rapid pace we're left still trying to figure out how it actually impacts us especially when we're teaching algorithms to predict and modulate our behavior i don't think that anyone's denying that social media as well as instant communication is extremely addictive and its addiction falls right within the same symptoms as substance abuse but what we don't quite know yet is how this addiction over time changes not only our behaviors through hacking our positive reinforcement centers of the brain but how over time it changes our perception of reality itself when we first embarked upon the social media experiment we had far more in-person interactions under our belt than we did interactions online so we took our in-person frame of reference and viewed all of our technological interactions through that lens but now in a time when we have hundreds even thousands of friends acquaintances celebrities and online personalities that we keep up with online we have slowly over time replaced the majority of our interactions with being digital how much do we now view our in-person interactions through our new digital lens as a prominent example you can look at our growingly polarized political discourse in modern times and you see that we've already started to see the symptoms of a very binary interpretation of human interaction it's also worrisome to think that our upcoming generation's digital presence may end up being more important than their in-person presence so how do we stop all of this from happening is the answer to shut it all down just pull the plug on big tech i don't think that it is the truth is we've opened pandora's box and this is the reality that we're now faced with so what's the path forward the first step is underway awareness much of classical conditioning and if you don't know what that is pavlov's dogs might ring a bell is based on the more non-conscious mechanisms of the brain if you become conscious of how the conditioning is affecting you it gives you a degree of control over your behavior beyond that it's important to maintain that balance of in-person and digital interaction you want the lens that you view the world from to be a full 100 of human communication body language emotion facial expression nuanced tonality it's what we were designed to do and we can't let that practice atrophy because that's what creates our sense of identity and community that gives us a healthy view of others in the world if we can maintain that balance we can begin to have a healthier relationship with our online presence and retain control over the influence these platforms and technologies have on us these algorithms are based on human behavior and response and that's something we have control over take some small steps today maybe start by uninstalling some social media platforms from your phone then you have to physically go log into your computer to use it removing some of the convenience if you're tied to your phone for work once the day is done find some time to spend with your family and friends and turn your phone completely off for it be fully present with the people that you're with and you just might notice that the world isn't quite as crazy as it seems and that the life right in front of you is beautiful you

  Top Comments:
  1. @0ddiamond [3 likes]: look at it now.
  2. @odiagam5755 [2 likes]: No one believe this but if you look at most instagram comments you feel like the world need to be reset 😂
  3. @CinematicViewBD [1 likes]: now time 2026 and it got worst with Ai. and after 10 years now what happen to the earth 🤕🌐
  4. @mathaijacob1345 [1 likes]: The internet was meant to be an escape from reality, it doesn't work if to the user it is reality.
  5. @reviathan3524 [1 likes]: 2026. It got worst.
  6. @yjeffdraw [1 likes]: And yes more and more year human Really going down to Internet
  7. @mandiebaktbaktieindemandiebakt [1 likes]: I never used social media and i never will. It’s a robotic / mechanical development that we should have never implemented in society it turns people into arrogant people and enables narcissists
  8. @LeeJohnson-f6k: Phones phones phones.People have constantly got one in their gand its  sick and disturbing, at least in the 90s they were just for texts and calls now you do anything on a phone its crap
  9. @thekoolie: I wonder why in our brains a addiction that stops all your worries in a second (vape and cigarettes) but a addiction you know is bad and wanna stop you just can’t
  10. @Davet-l8r: Miserable boring depressing jealous haters losers looking for attention 😂
  11. @rNorrisGregoryWhiteStuartLitgf: thanks for sharing your skills with us
  12. @JozenMarshall: 0:38 - 2:43
  13. @rspayodhya9240: What has society become I am nobody to fight these things
  14. @nateshnowske9583: Where’s my 12 dollar a month subscription fee to follow me. That’s the problem in 2025.
  15. @nikrontogiannis3815: I only use you tube 
And text message
  16. @jameskukunas2824: I have a theory. One reason so many people are mentally ill all the time is because of social media. I do not have any account on social media and I have no interest in being there. It has done the opposite of what it was intended to do and it’s not getting any better for us or the world. Maybe in the next couple years there might be a way for all of us to disconnect and permanently end our obsession with social media, after seeing how much harm it has done. I agree with the statement that we all need to go out more and spend more time talking to each other in person. Having a face-to-face conversation with others doesn’t hurt when we’re all present. It does take some effort and time, but we can all do it more often if we choose to. I’m 36 and I hate the way everything is controlled by what social media dictates. The creators of this thing can all go to hell. Now I feel better by saying it. Time to stop destroying our society. We as humans can and will do better. Let’s make a change at this moment.
  17. @markdubois3614: It's a little to late I personally hate smart phone's and it's not a phone it is a computer! I use my smart phone for work and that's about it, I really believe it stops people from having real relationships and men and women live in a fantasy because of their addiction to technology smart phone or computer it's really sad I think.
  18. @xander1756: RE video title: Disagree. The rise and fall of a society is determined by people's attitudes and resultant behaviour, not externals.
  19. @pleaseholdtherecognition225: Nope there's a lot more going on here than that the gateway has allowed society become more greedy selfish and narcissistic because when you're more aware of your surroundings you become more greedy for what you don't have there's really no way back without shutting down the internet entirely because selfishness add narcissistic traits are growing and they're showing no signs of slowing down yes uninstalling would help on your smartphone but nobody's doing that the smartphone has replaced the computer not entirely yet but in the future is the constant obsession that everybody wants a better lifestyle but not always better bigger no matter what is making more of a super computer out of humans also comments across all platforms are being mended into one view or one super streamlined subconscious and everything humans do especially with technology has major duality the thing to focus here on is how the internet has allowed this disconnection to constantly grow right now the majority is not responding to no this isn't better it's highly addictive and remains high enough to capture the majorities approval.
  20. @mxntalduck: you know whats really telling?

is that governments refuse to fund research on the effects of long term use of social media and companies intentionally withholding data from researchers, when massive media companies and governments work together like this.

tells me something bad is happening and when we catch them, they'll blame the companies and pretend like they weren't taking part of the slow brainwashing.

- Demonetized YouTube Channels - the Inauthentic Content Trap: Kind: captions Language: en In authentic content. Yep, it's still here along with its siblings, reuse and repetitious content and they're still causing huge headaches for creators. So in this video, what I want to achieve is to show you three main triggers that are causing this demonetization wave that seems endless right now. We'll investigate some of the channels that have been demonetized due to inauthentic content and how to steer clear of it. So that by the end of this video, you'll have a little more knowledge and hopefully a lot more confidence in how to protect your own channel from all of it. Channels are getting wiped out of monetization right now doing things you might be doing today. And from all the videos I've seen recently and you've probably seen the same ones on this particular subject, the majority of creators simply have no idea why this is happening. Now, let me be clear about something before we go any further down this path. YouTube's monetization rules on their support page are mid at best. Some might say intentionally vague, but likely for legal reasons, YouTube needs some vagueness to give it flexibility when applying these policies. I think that is why so many creators are getting demonetized doing stuff they don't feel is wrong. They're often not breaking any clearly written rules. Instead, they're being caught by something else mentioned on a completely different support page that maybe has nothing to do with monetization. Or they're failing the silent test, the advertiser test. They need confidence in the content they're running ads against. And if they don't have that confidence, well, that's bad news for every single monetized channel on the platform. With all of that being said, let's leap flamboyantly into trap number one. You built your channel on something you don't own. It could be a video game, a movie, a TV character, a celebrity's face. Take this channel as quite an unfortunate example. 200,000 subscribers and yet they've just been demonetized. Their content relies heavily on well-known characters from Nintendo, Disney, and it's often a repeated quiz format. Guess this, what happens next, who is this? There are hundreds, maybe thousands of channels just like this on YouTube already. And this is why creators lose their minds because they see loads of channels using copyrighted stuff and they seem to be fine. And yeah, some are, but most aren't. And the difference between the two has one word attached to it. Transformation. So, transformation doesn't mean I edited it and it certainly doesn't mean I added some music to it. And it doesn't mean I stuck a quiz on it either. That's just moving content. The clip is still a clip. Real transformation looks more like this. So, in the Super Mario Galaxy movie Ah, screw it. The Super Mario Galaxy movie's a montage and Nintendo nostalgia bait on screen. There. That's That's the actual plot. >> The so-called protected thing might be the starting point, but it's by no means a finishing line. There is original commentary on top or an original story arc, some original creative work that did not exist in the universe before you made it. So, if you strip all of the borrowed characters out of your video, would you still have something worth watching? If the answer is yes, then you are transforming. But if the answer is no, you're kind of just stuck decorating someone else's living room and selling tickets at the door to take part in a quiz. Now, even if you do nail transformation perfectly, here's the part that should really sober you up. There's YouTube who decides if you stay in the YouTube Partner Program, and then there's a copyright owner who can come for your revenue at any time they fancy with no warning needed, and you'll have a big fight on your hands to prove said transformation or fair use. And in very extreme circumstances, there's copyright law itself, which only gets fully decided in a courtroom you never want to find yourself in. So, if you do want long-term passive sleep at night monetization, build on your own characters, your own brand, your own world. Right then, trap number two. And this one stings even more because creators who fall into this are actually working their creative backsides off. On March 24th, without any warning, YouTube demonetized my channel for mass-produced repetitive content. Let me show you what mass-produced actually means in my case. I make every video by myself. I come up with the idea, use Claude AI to structure the script, and then build everything from scratch. No templates, no shortcuts. In Blender, I create the environment, characters, and animations myself, reviewing everything again and again. After rendering, I finalize the video in CapCut. A single 20-second video takes at least a full day to make. >> just picture that. A channel with hundreds of videos. It's original work. There's no copyright issues. Beautiful 3D animations, and it gets demonetized anyway. The question here is, why? Well, one answer that just really seems to suck right now is that animation channels are being hit hard by a demonetization wave. But there may be another answer as well. Buried deep in YouTube's monetization policies is one phrase that quietly does a hell of a lot of heavy lifting. Your content should be made for the enjoyment or education of viewers rather than the sole purpose of getting views. Well, that kind of sounds like a marketing slogan, doesn't it? The question YouTube is posing here is, when somebody finishes watching one of your videos, did they actually leave with anything? A laugh, a lesson, a new way of looking at a world, a feeling that wasn't there when they started the content, anything. In the case of our creator here, they clearly demonstrated the time and effort they put into each video, but were they able to demonstrate the value? If you just take a glance at their videos, they follow an almost identical format and video length, a storytelling narrative, and visual theme. And there's a lot of them published on a very frequent basis. Now, that's not all to say that these are red flags in themselves, but if we flip for a second to an AI dog channel I created to see what would happen, spoiler alert, it got shadow banned, it's not immediately obvious there is a huge difference between these two channels. And so, to go back to YouTube's wording for the moment, which says content should not be made for the sole purpose of gaining views. Perhaps in this case, YouTube's automated systems saw this channel as a content farm and demonetized it. Now, to be honest, this same trigger we're talking about here could be applied to that quiz channel that we looked at earlier on as they are repeating a pretty much identical format over and over again. YouTube would like to think that viewers come away from content feeling satisfied, nourished in some way. And YouTube knows themselves that it has an AI slot problem, which it has directly addressed and acknowledged in its blog and is using, quote, systems to fix. I guess YouTube believes that these videos are empty calories viewers don't feel good about consuming after the fact. So, here is the test and it's quite similar to the previous trigger. Strip away all of the visuals, strip away the polish, strip away the music, what do you have left? If there's a story underneath, a lesson, a perspective, a real take, a researched argument, then you truly have a video. If not, well, I'm afraid YouTube may come to the conclusion that you're feeding viewers empty video calories that leave them unsatisfied at the end of a viewing session. However, when it comes to making this demonetization determination, do YouTube always make the right decision? Yeah, for this channel, the story continues later. Now, the third trigger has really taken on a life of its own, especially in the past 18 months when AI tools such as Sora and VO3 added audio, and in particular, voice to AI-generated content. Now, first and foremost, faceless content is fine, and AI avatars are fine. But, what does get you demonetized is fakery. Specifically, we're talking about building an entire fictional human being, a name, a face that doesn't exist. And perhaps, worst of all, a strong element of power or authority or education designed to build credibility and trust between the creator and the viewer. Unfortunately, that is not really a creative format, that is deception, plain and simple. And it shouldn't come as any surprise to you that YouTube has dedicated policies to police this. >> Many American seniors have heard that a spoonful of honey with garlic can support immunity, circulation, blood pressure, digestion, or even help the body feel stronger after 60. >> Now, hopefully, all of you can immediately recognize that Dr. Jennifer is in fact an AI-generated avatar overlaid with stock footage. Well, let's be honest, you are not the target audience of this content. It is in fact targeted towards people over 60. It even says it in the channel name. And that target audience might not be quite as tuned into what's real or not. >> But, there is one mistake that many people make without realizing it. And this mistake can become serious when medications are involved. >> And the moment you hear stuff about advice on taking medication from an AI avatar is the moment you realize just how harmful such content might be. Now, yes, there is indeed a label in the video description that denotes the altered or synthetic nature of the content. And I'm not here to discredit the content contained within the video, but the simple facts are this is not a real doctor. And I don't know where these 5 and 1/2 thousand subscribers came from for a channel with a little over 500 views. Now, you might be thinking, "Okay, Rob, but loads of creators use AI avatars and they're absolutely fine." They are because there is clear evidence a real human is standing behind that avatar. We recently collaborated with Decoding YT that has over 1 million subscribers and they are a faceless YouTube channel, but they use their own voice and they share experiences and stories that prove to the viewer that there is a face behind the faceless. Behind every monetized channel, there has to be a person YouTube can point to and go, "Yeah, that's a human. They take responsibility for what gets uploaded on this channel." If your channel can't pass that one test, it doesn't matter how nifty the avatar looks, the channel itself will just appear to be sketchy. Right then, here's your homework. Three checks to run before you click upload and if you're concerned about demonetization and inauthentic content. Number one, the ownership check. If I removed every borrowed thing from this video, every clip, every character, every face that isn't mine, is there still a video left? If not, transform the video harder or start building your own original content. Two, the value check. If I cut my visuals in half and only the words remained, would there still be a person, a story, a lesson, a take, a research point? If not, what essentially you've got is a polished video without any payload. So, add the payload first, the value, and polish the video second. And three, the authenticity check. If the curious viewer pokes around my channel for 10 minutes, could they figure out if a real human is behind it? If not, fix the disclosures. Don't rely on an AI voice, and add more evidence that proves a human is working on the channel, even if you don't want to show your face. Now, there is an additional fourth check, which is saved for channels that have already been demonetized. And that is to check with YouTube themselves. If you are demonetized, you have the right to appeal, and that's exactly what this channel that we covered earlier did. And guess what? As I was recording this very video, their appeal was successful, which is great news given how much time and effort they've been putting into their videos. So, on the surface, perhaps from an automated perspective, YouTube's so-called systems weren't able to detect the value in the content because it has so many similarities to channels and contents that clearly shouldn't be monetized, which go along the lines of AI slop. And as mentioned briefly earlier, I made such a channel to see how quickly I could get it shadow banned to prove it's not luck. Here is the full and entertaining story. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [60 likes]: Do you think YouTube gets these demonetization calls right… or wrong?
  2. @RIZY002 [2 likes]: Excellent information in this video
  3. @jimbolton2363 [1 likes]: It’s good to know but our channels are okay
  4. @stew_ml [1 likes]: Curious, where does Zack D films fall on this scale?
  5. @TheDiaryOfAScientist [1 likes]: It’s better to use your own created clips rather than someone else’s. 🤔 The channel you’re talking about has deleted videos with 222,406 views and 885 videos in last 30 days.
  6. @showtale8325 [1 likes]: Pretty simple. You tube is going away from paying anyone. Presently there are certainly a few they will pay.....nothing more to see
  7. @Dj-KOENIG-MD [1 likes]: Ich hab nur selbt gemacht lieder ist aber beste  .läuft aber auf das gleiche hinaus .😮
  8. @UnsilencedVibes [1 likes]: Okay, but what about a meditation music channel? I'm building my channel, still very slowly (far from monetization), precisely because I'm a therapist and I dedicate myself to creating the best possible music, still testing and trying to understand the AI ​​and editing programs I have access to (I can't afford countless different tools and learn everything at once).

The goal of these videos, in fact, is less about the image and more about the sound and an internal transformation. Many people even use them to fall asleep or to have sessions with patients, leaving music as a background. It's about the person being able to calm down, change their mental and emotional state. This is somewhat subjective. I've seen music that I considered strange from large, monetized channels that were being praised. Many positive comments.

I've been thinking about how to create content differently; I've considered posting some videos with breathing techniques (and, in that case, I could film my belly, for example, without showing my face). But for now, I'm sticking with the option of creating images using AI, some animated, some not. And the content could be considered "shallow," but, as I said, it has a transformative goal (for the music I can create purer frequencies, add vocals, add instruments, which would generate diversity, but I don't know if that's enough). I keep thinking that if I create content that's very different from each other, it could create a messy audience due to differing expectations.

I see many of these channels monetized, but I still have many doubts about what is considered quality content or not, what I can or cannot do to be monetized and remain so, delivering quality content.
  9. @rufusvalentino [1 likes]: So in other words if you are going to have this kind of content then don't monetize on YouTube. You can still accept donations from viewers. That's a 3rd party system and YouTube doesn't get any money from that. The main reason I don't monetize on YouTube is their copyright system needs work. You use copyright free music and you still get people claiming it as their own even though it's not. So you dispute it and YouTube does nothing. It's between you and the person claiming it. That person is trying to steal your monetization. That's how they make money. What do you think they will decide from the dispute. YouTube needs to step up and be the middle person that makes the decision. Could you imagine going to court and there's no judge and no jury. Just you and your accuser and they decide the outcome. I play video games. Lots of times on YouTube they flag in game music as copyright. I can sort of understand if it was Fallout with the radio. If I'm playing Final Fantasy and the music is flagged as copyright that's a problem. I can't silence the game. No one would watch. If we can legally play the game on all these platforms than the game audio should come with it. I'm monetized on Twitch and I upload on YouTube. Since I'm not monetized on YouTube the Copyright flags are not as much a big deal. Twitch isn't as hard on you about in game music. As far as music outside the game. When I'm on my Starting, BRB, or Ending screens I use Ai music that I created. Copyright free. A lot of people are offended by Ai content. I can understand their feelings. Ai should never replace a person. Ai should be a tool used by a person and in a separate category. For example. Ai Bands and music. They shouldn't compete with human bands and music. Maybe instead of banning all the Ai channels they should just create Ai categories or create a separate YouTube for Ai content. They did similar on Twitch. Under the Just Chatting category there were Hot Tub Streams. It made a lot of creators mad because it was taking over the Chatting category. So Twitch made a separate category for Hot Tubs. It's compromise. Everyone wins and everyone makes their money. Just my thought.
  10. @DrShantiJannat [1 likes]: My video didn't view more and viral.
  11. @DCfFw2o: I'm having low views, please what could be the problem
  12. @GeorgeKein-d8r: And what about Travel content who spent on trips and hotels and so on?
  13. @ViverAssim.contato: Obrigada!
O meu canal não é monetizado... ainda... mas observei tudo o que passou. E sim! Se eu tirar o som, vou passar as pequenas informações que quero ajudando... até mesmo de outras nacionalidades, irão entender e fazer perfeitamente  minhas receitas ou entenderão as informações que quero passar❤
  14. @FiveIdeasDaily: I use ai voice and ChatGPT graphics for my videos. Started few weeks back. Should I switch to my own voice. I saw other channels like mine which are monetised.
  15. @bonariablackie4047: These are hundreds of thousands of long term Youtube channels. These are creators who have abided by every rule. These are creators who make original content and some have done it for twenty years, without being demonitised. If the rules have changed, then it should be clear and transparent and advised to content creators. Not vague rules for Youtube's flexibility to demonitised hundreds of thousands of creators overnight. Because that is what has happened. They are not newbies that fell foul of known rules.
  16. @crystalbiteasmr_1978: This was very helpful. 👍🏼
  17. @GrowthMindset24h: This video by vidIQ is an absolute lifesaver and incredibly timely for content creators! The theme regarding the "inauthentic content" trap and the demonetization wave is analyzed profoundly and directly. I am particularly impressed by the timestamp ** when you clearly explain the concept of "real transformation"—a crucial lesson for anyone creating derivative content. Thank you for sharing these invaluable insights and the three practical checks at the end. I am looking forward to more helpful videos from your amazing channel in the future. Keep up the phenomenal work, you are truly protecting the creator community!
  18. @WildflowerintheCrack: I just started, I don't even have 500 subs but YouTube is hiding my content, even for the 400 subs I have. My channel is me trying to overcome agoraphobia on shorts and about my life and how I cope with CPTSD, anxiety, neurodivecency. I have time watched, engagement, people that comment every day, and yet when I'm about to reach 1k views in a short it hides them again. All because of "inauthentic" , but it is me, my face, I don't even script what I'm going to say because I don't know how I will feel while I'm outside. 

So, the only thing I know for sure is YouTube is screwing real creators, AI slop is still very much everywhere and more and more real people are getting punished
  19. @KiDmO365: Videos should not be posted to get views is likely the dumbest rule ever. The audience will punish bad videos by not watching.
  20. @AmbercoolPhotography: If AI was doing this, then it should be able to tell you every second of a few videos on why or where the violation is.

- how to avoid demonetization on youtube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up YouTube? Today I want to show you guys how you can avoid getting hit with two of the most common strikes I see on YouTube shorts that lead to demonetization, as well as how to appeal these strikes and get your channel reinstated if you've already been hit with these. So, obviously, the two strikes that I'm talking about are the reuse content strike and the inauthentic content strike. The second one is a little bit harder to win than the first one, granted that you're doing everything right, but if you really want to take your YouTube shorts channel to the next level, it's really hyper important that you know how to actually deal with these things because so many people get hit with these strikes. And a lot of the time in these cases, this will lead to whatever money that you did make last month getting yoked by YouTube. So if you made $5,000 last month, that is now YouTube's money. That's why it's so important that we win this so we can actually get paid. Before I say anything, I of course do want to mention that prevention is better than appealing. Okay? So our main goal should be basically to try to mitigate getting hit with these strikes in the first place rather than appealing. It's just safer. But of course, sometimes you do just need to appeal when you get hit with it unfairly. But the main goal should be to avoid getting hit in the first place, obviously. Anyways, my goal with this is to make this the single greatest video that you will ever watch on the topic because I'm going to give you guys every single piece of information that you could possibly know. So, I'm not going to BS and waste time. Let's just get into this. So, both of these strikes, to be honest with you guys, are becoming more common. Reused content only a little bit, I would say. And to be honest, it's not that big of a deal like I mentioned before, but inauthentic content is a relatively new policy in terms of what people are actually getting stried by. And this is what's really causing a lot of grief for people because reused is pretty easy. Now, the reason for this is because there's a lot of extra competition on YouTube with like people creating like 50,000 slot farms to try to farm some money, basically. So, YouTube strategy, of course, they have to get a little bit more restrictive with what they're actually monetizing. But with that being said, there's still a ton of misinformation that's floating out about this stuff. And it kind of pisses me off because just because YouTube is being slightly more restrictive with some things in certain niches, which we'll get into, it doesn't mean that you can't get into the YouTube partner program by transforming your content. YouTube's monetization policies are largely still the same. The only difference is really the inauthentic content part which is specifically designed to crack down on templated and mass produced content. We can talk about why the AI is messing up and demonetizing people for this later on in the video. But other than that, the monetization policy is largely intact. But when people say stuff like using AI in your videos is causing this. It's just totally wrong. At least for right now. Hey dude, by the way, I'm dropping my software like later this month. If you're a Faceless YouTube Shorts creator, you aren't going to want to miss out on this. So, click the link in the description if you're cool and you want to sign up on a wait list so that you can get early access. I make videos for a living so I know exactly what the pain points are and what you guys are going to want to like have in the software. You know, just trying to build something that I'll actually use myself and if I can use it myself and it's good enough to run my whole system of YouTube shorts, then I'm sure it'll be good for you guys, too. So, if you're excited for that, the link to the weight list will be in the description. Back to the video. You can utilize AI in your videos and something might get picked up and flagged by the YouTube AI to flag you and demonetize you. But I mean, even YouTube themselves, they are constantly rolling out new AI features and trying to integrate AI more and more into their platform. So, I really wouldn't put much stock into anything that people say when they say using AI is causing demonetization. That's if you use AI incorrectly. I mean, YouTube has been pro AAI. That's sort of an issue that a lot of people have with the company. I don't want to spend too much time on it, but I mean, you literally have articles from YouTube that talk about how they lean into AI's potential. If you've been on YouTube posting for a while, you know that they constantly are encouraging you to use AI features. So, what their AI is cracking down on is patterns. And that goes for whether you're making the content yourself or you're having AI generate the content for you. With that being said, let's dive into each of these two strikes and see what is causing each of these and how to avoid them. Number one, we can talk about reuse content. Fundamentally, it's very simple. This is an issue with your transformation or I guess lack of transformation of whatever video you're posting. Basic re-uploads won't cut it. Stolen content that you barely repurpose will not cut it. Say, for example, you take a piece of content and you do commentary over it. I'm not talking about this specific video, but this is a commentary video. Actually, I kind of reviewed this guy's channel. It's funny to see that he actually got a video right after that had 400,000 views. Shout out my boy here. But say for example, you just take a piece of content and you do commentary over it without any visual effects, without any sound effect, without that many edits. YouTube is much more likely to classify this as reused content, and you're likely to get hit. Now, me throughout the years, I personally ran six YouTube shorts commentary channels. Max, how many times have you been hit with reused content on these channels? Twice. And both of those times I was able to appeal within 24 hours and get my channel reinstated. Also, coincidentally, both of those channels are channels where I switched the niche. So, I wasn't always posting YouTube commentary shorts from the beginning. However, I understand that I do run a community with a lot of people. By the way, guys, join the Discord if you want. And a lot of people in commentary have been hit with reused content. At the same time, it is really quite easy to win reused content on commentary shorts. I'm going to show you guys an appeal script in a second. And really most other content, as long as you're doing these things, audio effects and visual effects. Now, I'm classifying everything into these two categories cuz that's really what we're talking about. Even audio effects, we're talking about commentary. That's how I classify things. But, you know, with audio effects, we're adding dings. We're adding vine booms. We're adding transition sound effects. For visual effects, we're adding maybe memes. We're adding visual transitions. We're adding color flashes, upscaling, color correction, captions, avatars. I mean, cutting up the video and editing the video itself all fall into these two categories. And if you do these things, you'll have a very easy time and winning the appeal that you have to make to YouTube when you get hit with reused content. Like I said, it's possible that you do all these things and you still get hit with reused content. That's YouTube's genius AI working. In which case, you need to submit an appeal video for this. There's a whole web page that they made talking about how to correctly appeal via video. Some of these points are that the video has to be less than 5 minutes long, has to be narrated in a supporting language, and it has to be uploaded to the channel that you're appealing from with no appeal info in the description. There's also certain rules you have to follow, like including the URL of the channel within the first 30 seconds of your video. They want you to refer to the program policies. They want you to focus on the channel as a whole, not just individual videos. And they also want to provide visual examples of how your content was created. So, for example, if you're editing your videos, show them how your editing process works. Now, luckily for you, I made a video on this channel explaining how to make a reused content appeal script and what you have to do in the video. This is on my channel. It's just called how to win reused content claim on YouTube shorts. That's just cuz I'm the goat, okay? But if you're too lazy, here's the entire script right here. You can screenshot it, put it in a clot or whatever. Now, keep in mind, you have to change this script for your own channel. I can't just sit here and tell you exactly what script to make and what to put in your individual script for your channel, cuz everybody's channel is different. Somebody might be doing commentary. Somebody might be doing ranking. I guess unless you want to work with me personally, then I'll actually help you out oneonone. Links in the description if you want to apply. But I can't sit here and tell you what to add for your script specifically. That's where you have to go in and say I did this transformation YouTube. Here is what that looks like. Now, I did write some notes like obviously I said right here like show the original audio, show how you cut it up, um, show URL screen at this point, very important, show videos in YouTube studio, refresh page just to show that it's actually you. So, this is just the general blueprint that you can use if you get hit with reused content. If you're running a different niche than like commentary, for example, you take the general formula of this and you morph it around whatever your video is that you're making. So, say for example, maybe you don't have as much commentary, but you have like an AI avatar or you have an avatar coming on the screen every now and again that you that you animate in or you edit in that's something that you will explain for your video specifically. This video alone has gotten hundreds of people remonetized. I still get DMs to this day saying that this video helped them make thousands of dollars. this appeal script, this process will work most of the time. And if it doesn't work, almost 95 to 99% of the time, it's because you actually don't transform the content enough. Maybe you don't realize it, but it's really that straightforward. Make your content more transformative. Apply again, and hopefully you'll get accepted next time. I'm also not here to spit BS for you guys. If your content is not transformative, you will not get accepted. There is basically nothing that you can say in the appeal. If your content is not transformative, I'm sorry. It's just the way it goes. YouTube's policies are very clear. edited footage with audio and visual effects on top of the video's reuse content that demonstrates substantive editing and shows it's unique to your channel. This is what is allowed to monetize. Okay? If you don't do one of these things right here, do not cry if you get rejected from YouTube partner program. Okay? They literally tell you explicitly what violates this guideline and what is allowed. So, I want to urge a lot of you guys be honest with yourself. If your video transformation is not that much, wait a few months and reapply. That will be your best bet. I mean, hopefully everybody watching this video lives to be like 80 years old. an extra 3 months spent making your content more transformative so that you can build up an income stream online that pays you from your computer, from your phone, that is worth it. So, take the time. You could really unlock something great with YouTube. Also, if you want to work with me one-on-one, I do one-on-one coaching where I help you monetize and scale your Faceless YouTube Shorts channels. And it's all real advice, real feedback coming from somebody who's done it multiple times and who knows what they're doing since this is my full-time income for years now. So, if you need help or you're stuck, you just want real feedback for once in your life, somebody to be honest with you about your videos, click the first link in the description to apply. Back to the video. Now, before I talk about inauthentic content, I want to show you guys examples of videos in certain faceless YouTube shorts niches and examples of transformation that they do in each video that could be included in their specific appeal script for YouTube shorts. Just so you guys get a full understanding of what I'm talking about. This is an example of a standard commentary YouTube shorts clip. Right? So, right here, before I even play anything, he's adding a visual effect. one being the circle. There's captions popping up on the screen. There's zooms right here. He's clipping multiple clips together. There's background music. I'm not going to play some of the audio for you guys. So, obviously, there's transformation there as well with sound effects and but I don't want to get strikes since this video is long form. But, as you can see, we're stitching like 20 videos together here just to make one YouTube short. So, this alone, there's visual effects, there's sound effects. This is monetizable. With ranking, it's a little bit different. and you don't use as much commentary. Although some people do put a little bit of commentary in the beginning or between each clip, that definitely helps. Especially if you pop up like an avatar on screen like this guy, right? When you're actually talking, that will help you. You see how he adds his own avatar here while he's talking. Very simple stuff for ranking here. There's going to be a lot of like audio sound effects and stuff like that. So, you probably won't hear a lot of it because I'm not going to play the audio, but there's a lot of sound effects going on here, like a funny fall effect here. There's a transition effect there even. And then throughout the videos, sometimes they'll put like visual effects. You can pop up memes on the screen if you want to. You can add color flashes. I mean, you can do literally whatever you want. But for ranking, obviously, there's a little bit less commentary. So, you need to make sure that you're amping up. So, you need to make sure that you're amping up the other audio effects. You need to make sure that you're amping up visual effects so that way the videos look different. Obviously, ranking has a lot of like different videos clipped together, which honestly is pretty good most of the time rather than just stealing one video. But, you still need to make sure that you're actually transforming the video or else you're going to get hit and not be able to get monetized. for 3D animation. I don't really need to say too much here. This is like not really getting hit with reused content that much. It's more getting hit with inauthentic content. And I'll explain the reasons why exactly later, but they really don't get hit with reused content that much. If you do, it's just super easy because you're the one making the animations. I mean, it doesn't get much more transformative than that. Um, you make the script, you make the animations, you add sound effects. I mean, it is incredibly easy to win a reuse content claim here just because of how much you're naturally transforming it. And by the way, that includes any sort of animation, whether it's AI animation, whether it's real animation done by humans. I mean, at the end of the day, you're still taking the time and either generating the video or having somebody make the video with their work. For gaming videos, again, it should be pretty easy. Most of these guys don't get hit with reused content. Most of these guys are getting hit with inauthentic content. But, you know, take a look at this guy. He's adding visual effects on the screen. He's adding captions. His own gameplay is in the background. There's sound effects. If you ever watched a Roblox event video, you know what I'm talking about. And then of course there's commentary running through the whole thing. It's I mean very transformative. Does it get hit with inauthentic content? Yes. But reuse content a little bit less. And also if you do get hit with reused content in one of these it's very easy to win. Again edits and montages videos. They're very simple to win because you're again you're just doing so much transformation. Now I selected Bolt Motivation for this video. So I'm sure most of you guys probably know this channel. Um not only does it have edits and montages but it also has commentary. So I would definitely suggest if you're doing edits and montages that you add a little bit of commentary here. Even if it's one or two sentences, there's a lot of bolt motivation videos where he's only adding one or two sentences of commentary. The rest we have transitions. We have obviously upscaling here, right? This is Topaz upscaling. Um, flashes in. There's tons of transitions here. I mean, look at the captions. You got to do these yourself. You got to make these yourself. Sound effects, visual effects, all that. As you can see, I'm sort of repeating myself, but this is literally the play. This is how all these people are monetized. And that's exactly what you'll be arguing in your appeal script. Even a channel like this, this captions only niche, I've been getting a lot of people who ask me how this is actually monetizable because there's not any commentary here. If you guys don't know, it's just literally captions describing what's going on, maybe but why is like their own personal input, but that's about it. And then they're just cutting up the um the clip essentially. Even in this niche, if you do it right, there's still room to argue that your content is transformative and you can win. For example, right here we have the captions. Obviously, there's a slight zoom out here, right? We we know that the there's a visual effect right here when he's zooming out. Then there's a spotlight effect, a typing sound effect. Then there's the the text coming in. Karen blocking, you know, then the video flashes. There's a transition. Boom. And then we're back. And now he's zoomed in again. I mean, there's like you could point out a billion things. There's another zoom out there. There's sound effects throughout this whole entire video. This is like sound effects and visual effects. And sometimes people even add one or two sentences of narration here as well. This will help you again just to make sure that you are actually making your content transformative enough. If you notice, one of the things that I'm saying is like consistently try to add at least a sentence or two of commentary in your videos. Meme channels like this, even this, you can argue that this content is transformative and that's why it's monetized right now. Even for simple videos like this where there is no commentary, these again are more likely to get hit with inauthentic content. We're going to talk about that in just one second. But here we have this guy. He might have just stolen this tweet or he just added his own caption about the gym uh video that he's posting right here. He has the video playing and then he adds text in that he added and then like a funny meme at the bottom. So every single video is like this. So he's not just stealing her content and re-uploading it. He's actually having a caption that's branded back to him, adding more text on the screen and then adding like a funny meme. And so that's how this content kind of slips through the cracks as well. If you did want to make it even more transformative, again, you would add a line of commentary or two or you would add some more sound effects or uh more visual effects. But ultimately that's why this is monetized right now. Okay, so hopefully by this point you should have a pretty good idea of how reuse content works, what triggers it, how to fight it, and also how to avoid it. If you want to go more in depth, I have a software launching later this month, and I'm going to train it on all of my methodology, so that way you can check your videos and get direct advice on like how transformative is this? Is this like a risky niche to post in? Is this like transformative enough for monetization? So, among other things, there's going to be tons of other stuff in this software. So, if you guys are interested or hyped, there's going to be a link in the description as well so that you can join the wait list for when we actually launch. And if you want to work with me personally to help monetize your first YouTube Shorts channel or scale your existing YouTube Shorts channels so that you can make it your full-time income, it's going to be the first link in the description to apply with me. It's 24/7 direct access to me and you'll be able to ask me whatever questions you want. Pick my brain as somebody who's been doing this for years as a job. So, if you're interested in that, the link's going to be down below. Now, let's talk about the big one, which is inauthentic content. Okay, this one's a little bit harder. I'm not going to lie, it's just the truth. This one, in my estimation at least, is way more harder to beat. And I'll tell you why, honestly. Because a lot of the people who get hit with this strike do not understand why what they are doing is getting flagged. And so they don't take necessary precautions to avoid it. Does that mean YouTube's AI is fair? No. I mean, I think that should be obvious by like now it's some BS, dog. But you have to play the game by the rules if you want to actually succeed. Now, I actually made a video on my second channel right here. It's linked on my main channel where I talked about how to avoid inauthentic content strikes on YouTube. If you're interested in that or you want to hear me talk more at length about it with more examples, you can go click on that and watch it. I'm going to run through as quick as possible the actual reason that people get hit with inauthentic content or at least one of them. And I don't know why nobody talks about it. It's super obvious what the pattern actually is. But I guess just nobody has a brain so they don't understand what YouTube's AI is actually flagging. Number one, it's flagging content that is templated or repetitious. And number two, it's flagging content that has patterns in it. Okay, I'm going to explain what those patterns are to you. If you take a channel like this, this is a channel that got hit with inauthentic content. All this channel does is it takes memes or tweets online and uses 4K Minecraft background gameplay while they just voice over the tweet or meme. Every single one of their videos is the exact same thing. You can see what I mean. YouTube explicitly says in their inauthentic content policy, content that violates this guideline is content that exclusively features readings of other materials you did not originally create, like text from websites or news feeds. If you're doing this, make sure you're adding commentary or something like that. It's not to say that every single person doing this niche will get hit. It's not to say that you can't ever win an inauthentic content strike if you get hit and you're in this niche. But guys, work with what YouTube is telling you. YouTube literally explicitly says that this type of content will not be monetized according to the inauthentic content policy guidelines. If you slip through the cracks and you're printing money, great. Good for you, bro. But at the end of the day, if you want to have more ground to stand on, if that ticking time bomb finally explodes, you should start transforming the content more or making sure that you don't fall into the section that says the content that violates this guidelines. I'm going to show you guys a bunch more examples, but this is an example of a channel that got hit most likely because it's repetitious and templated. This is not because of like a pattern. Well, I guess you could say the pattern of a template, but let's talk more about it. We take a channel like Trick to Entertain. Now, these people got demonetized. They actually got their channel restored because their content is so transformative. But the reason is very simple. The reason is because the character rig is the exact same. That's why the people who get hit by this most are animation channels, the most transformative content, and gameplay channels. Cuz the character rig is the exact same. I'm going to word this very carefully because when I made this video on my other channel, I had people commenting some of the stupidest things I've ever heard in my life. Max, if they're targeting character rigs, then Spongebob would be demonetized. Bro, are you stupid? Do you think that YouTube would demonetize Spongebob? Like, I think this goes without saying. I don't know why people are so stubborn that they cannot understand reality just because they want to be contrarian or just because they want to argue. The reality is the reason why this channel got demonetized is because the character rig is the exact same every single time. This humanoid character, this humanoid character right here, the Zach Dilms like type archetype of character animation 3D with the pink shirt every single time. Almost every single time, this is the reason why this channel got demonetized. Is it unfair? Yes. Thankfully, they got their channel back. The pattern of that is why they got demonetized. This channel, Amazing Cartoons, JJ and Mikey lost their monetization. Every single video has this animated character that's the exact same, right? It's the red or green character every single time. They actually take time and transform these videos, guys. They have like a whole team. This is actually transformative content. Why are they getting hit with this? The reason is because of this character right here. These characters, that is what YouTube is targeting or it's what their AI has been unfairly hitting. A few people have gotten hit in the 3D skeleton niche. Why? Because what is this? Why did they have cap cut logo? What the hell? But a few people have gotten hit in the 3D skeleton animation niche as well. This is transformative content, by the way. This is like there's clips. This is like totally generated by them. Even though it's AI, the reason why some of these people got hit is because the character rig is the exact same. This 3D skeleton in every single video is what flags the AI and that's why they get hit with it. The reason why a lot of people have gotten hit with inauthentic content in the Roblox rants niche is because of the same gameplay in the background every single time. you have a little bit more ground to stand on than like the channel I showed earlier where they're just reading off something cuz you're actually making the whole entire script yourself, even though it's with AI, but the templated nature of the background, whether it's Minecraft gameplay in the background or Roblox gameplay in the background, that's the reason why. I hope by now this is kind of making sense to you guys why certain channels are getting strikes, certain channels that are totally transformative and totally abiding by YouTube's monetization policy. I mean, hell, even this guy, monkey economics, should be obvious by now the reason why he got demonetized because the same monkey characters are in every single video. Is it stupid? Yes. But that's the reason why. Does that mean that every single person who uses an a character like this will get demonetized? No. Does that mean that every single character like Spongebob or Tom and Jerry will get demonetized? No. I have to speak very carefully, but that is the reason. Templated content and patterns. A lot of people think that it's AI voiceovers. 99% of the faceless YouTube shorts creators on this platform use AI voices. When a YouTube shorts channel gets demonetized, if it is faceless, it is more often than not going to be using an AI voiceover. If we point to the AI voiceover and we say this is what's causing it, that's just ridiculous because there are literally millions and millions of channels using AI voiceovers and who haven't been hit with this. If it was the case that AI voiceovers are causing this, half the channels on YouTube would be nuked overnight. Please understand what I'm saying. This is a very targeted thing that the AI is focusing on. Now, if I go on Twitter, which you can follow me if you want. Now, if you go on Twitter, you can see the guy who actually runs this channel that got remonetized. He went on to explain exactly how he got remonetized after being demonetized for inauthentic content. I think it's just worth going through just real quick because most people who submit an appeal, like he says, will just get rejected within hours or even within minutes. I've seen that. Then he tried the Twitter method. So, he posted publicly tagging Team YouTube. They actually replied, but now claimed that it was reused content. Their first reason was inauthentic content. So, they're already being inconsistent. They don't know what they're demonetizing you for. So, if you just got hit with inauthentic content and you got denied, also reach out to them on Twitter. See if you can get some public support or just reach out to them so that way they can like contact you if possible. Kept posting on Twitter. Had people try to get a YouTube rep to look into that case. Never worked. Then he uploaded a long form video on the channel explaining the situation. A couple days later, YouTube DM me on Twitter and apologized for inconsistency in the reasoning for why it was demonetized, saying inauthentic content and reused content. So, he sent an email and a Twitter DM to Team YouTube pointing out the inconsistency. He also hit them with the EU law. So, if you're in the EU, you can use that. But they responded on Twitter and sent me a new email where a YouTube community outreach guy contacted me. Still the exact same generic email as before, but no real explanation. Told them, "Give me a detailed explanation." And they remonetized the channel. Obviously, if you're in United States, you might not have EU law to back you. But, so the steps that you're going to take if you get hit with inauthentic content is number one, you're going to try to appeal. For a lot of people, this is only a text box appeal, which sucks because it's very hard to state your case in a text appeal. If you do get a video appeal, go ahead, use it. Explain why it's not inauthentic, why it's not mass- prodduced, why it's not a template. As long as you're not actually doing a template, try to appeal that. If that gets denied, you can post on Twitter and try to escalate, try to get traction on the post because the more people are like interacting with it, even if it's just the difference between one like and 20 likes, it's a huge deal. I mean, the amount of people who post something on Twitter and get one like is like 95% of the population. And the amount of people who post something on Twitter and get like 20 likes is a lot less. So, definitely try network, get traction on that post. If that still doesn't work, you can also try creator support in YouTube studio. they might be able to give you another explanation that's in the top right hand corner of YouTube Studio. You can click chat with creator support. It'll pop up a box here and then you can actually just like keep talking with it until eventually maybe you can get it escalated to an internal review which is what I've seen a lot of people actually get help with cuz you're just talking to AI until you eventually get transferred to a human. Obviously give it some time and patience. And the final one that I didn't add is just like stay persistent with contacting creator support because if your content is truly truly monetizable and you're not doing anything wrong, you should stay on their necks. And most people that I've seen that have success have had to be extremely persistent. It's stupid, but they usually don't get remonetized overnight. That usually takes a few weeks. So, YouTube's getting flooded with people who are requesting like internal reviews of this. Um, but most of them are going to stop requesting internal reviews by like 2 weeks cuz they feel that it's hopeless. So, as long as you stay persistent and never give up, that gives you a huge advantage if your content is actually meant to be remonetized. So, with all that being said, I hope by now you have a good idea of what causes both reused content and inauthentic content, as well as what you can do to avoid getting hit with it, and what you can do once you've been hit with it. If you're still watching, I'd appreciate it a lot if you could drop a like and comment. I spent a lot of time working on this video. I don't want to gatekeep anything for you guys, and I spent a lot of time researching to make this video. If you want to work with me one- on-one, learn how I personally made YouTube shorts my full-time income, you get 24/7 direct access to me. I'm coaching you every single day, giving you feedback, helping you wherever you're at. Whether it's just monetizing your first channel or you already have some monetized channels and you just want to scale, wherever you're at, I can help you because I've done it before. I'm pretty tapped in with YouTube Shorts. I usually know what's going on in the space. And if you want somebody to brainstorm with, somebody to give you good feedback and actually tell you what you're doing wrong and what to fix going forward, apply to work with me down below. And if we're a good fit, then we can work together, dog. With that being said, I hope this video helps some of you guys out. It took me an extremely long time to make it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TechInsider-se8ik [6 likes]: Most valuable Video ever on youtube so far 
Please Make part 2 of it 

Thankyou Boss
  2. @moneyboymaxx [4 likes]: Ready to scale your YT Channel and hit $10K/mo with YT Shorts Automation? Apply for 1:1 mentorship here: https://go.shortsmaxxing.com/vrf5udro

Join My SAAS Waitlist 🧑‍💻 https://tinyurl.com/vidswaitlist
  3. @NewYear-r7t [1 likes]: Would there be more strictness in youtube shorts monetization policies in future?
  4. @officalPatrolPOV [1 likes]: Thanks max ❤
  5. @MusicTune-l7r: First lets monitize by gathering together
  6. @HeroMediaX: Just got demonetised for reused content, any idea if i can still get April's earnings?
  7. @Wolf-Editszz: Is it ok if I make an appeal using AI voice
  8. @hugo-u5f9c: nice video
  9. @Y_Entertainment-m7c: I keep being view jailed even thought I had one short that did over a million any tips?
  10. @Borood: Lest go
  11. @BELLEZAFACTS: i was making 1200$ a month and i got demonetized. Couldn’t even withdraw the money from adsense.
  12. @fun_scale_0: Well I think this should be okay...
  13. @CatDaddy0327: u have no idea what your talkin about bro this is just click biat nonsense i hope yoru ai trash gets taken down
  14. @Gasfornal: 13:40 can you please elaborate as to why these are more likely to get hit with inauthentic content instead of reused content? also, what is this niche called?
  15. @Aevonz: Quick question when I want to make commentary Shorts, is it better to use clips from competitor channels that have proven to get a lot of views with different commentary or style of editing, or should I source raw content from my TikTok/Instagram FYP? or i can do both?
  16. @imc0ming-xx: can you answer directly pls the price of mentorship 1:1 ? because your landing page too bad
  17. @genzoid: 14:14 hey....jacked fitness facts not monetized anymore
  18. @Rafey_Khan: what about the 2d animated long form channels in which people are genuinely making it themselves without A.I and still getting demonetized
  19. @BmrKoza: ضع ترجمة بالعربية من فضلك للمرة الف
  20. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:

- YouTube Employee: THIS is What Gets You Demonetized: Kind: captions Language: en Does monetization help you get more views? >> The algorithm doesn't know what the monetization status is. >> Is YouTube shadow banning your channel? >> I go and I look and they're still getting predominantly like most of their traffic from recommendations. >> And will AI get you demonetized? >> YouTube doesn't have specifics around like whether AI is monetizable or not. >> These are just some of the answers from an actual YouTube employee. You're still [music] not convinced, are you? Let's jump in, shall we? So, I'm YouTube's creator liaison. The ability to help other creators at the scale of YouTube was once-in-a-lifetime. >> So, that is Rene Ritchie and we had a chance to interview him recently about all sorts of YouTube stuff. So, let's start with you because the chances are you're a small channel looking for some momentum. So, does YouTube even care that you exist? >> YouTube actually has a stat called creators making it that we track because like the goal is for more creators to make it. >> if you can only take one positive away from this video, it's going to be this, right? YouTube is measuring whether the new creators are breaking through. >> are slots in the homepage. Like when you open up the homepage, if you scroll down, you will see videos that have like a few dozen, a few hundred views. You should see that almost all the time. >> feels like something that we can immediately test if we go to the YouTube homepage, scroll down a little bit, and oh, what are these two videos right here? Yeah, that story checks out. But, here's the bit that we all need to really understand. YouTube isn't doing this for the benefit of a channel or a video. Its intentions are quite the opposite, in fact. >> And I should point out like YouTube does not push videos for creators. YouTube pulls videos for viewers. Like a viewer opens up YouTube and YouTube wants to find videos that they are going to be interested in, want to click on, want to watch. >> Now, I can appreciate for you that this could be a massive mindset shift, but in the long term, this is going to help you so much on your YouTube journey. Stop thinking about what the algorithm can do for you and instead start thinking about what your video can do for the viewer. But, what YouTube do concede as we've already heard is that in order to understand more about smaller channels and their content, slots or opportunities to be discovered do need to exist. >> Specifically, one of the things that the teams are testing and continue to test is how can we faster help channels, or videos actually, that don't have a lot of data. If the system's not sure who this is a great fit for, if it's just like a little bit sure, it'll take a video that like we think this is the right audience, can we test it and see? And then we can learn more about that video, more about that creator, and hopefully get them going faster than they otherwise might. >> you're sat there with 67 subscribers, wondering if anyone at YouTube even knows you exist, yeah, they do. You've already convinced a roomful of people to click this button. And your next video might be the one that lands in that test slot. But, that video has to be good enough to earn the click. And quite frankly, that's on you. And whenever we talk about the plight of the small creator, it is worth having this reminder. Nobody escapes this experience. It is a YouTube rite of passage. >> are so many examples of creators who are like 3 months, 6 months, a year in who have absolutely blown the doors off of YouTube. I know like every creator here, biggest creators on the platform, we all started at zero. >> So, imagine for a moment that you yourself could ask Rene any question about YouTube. Type it out below in the comments, and we'll make sure we share this video with him. But, make sure it's over about YouTube as a whole, and not just a problem with your channel. Team YouTube on Twitter's with the best place to go to help you out with that sort of stuff. But, back to the here and now, that question about whether monetization makes any difference to the reach of your videos. monetization status is, and that is deliberate. >> Mhm, deliberate, you say? Let that land for a moment. The algorithm literally cannot see whether your video has ads on or not. And there's a reason for that. >> Uh, let's say you're a charity and you just you're not allowed to monetize it. Or let's say like there are some streamers who cover legal issues who just don't feel right about putting ads on it, so they use membership. There's no reason that those videos shouldn't get every bit as much reach. So, turning ads on, turning ads off doesn't affect everything. But I know what you might be thinking at this point. There have been circumstances where demonetization or ad restrictions also seems to have a huge impact on the views of a video. So, how can this be explained? >> People can confuse causation and correlation sometimes. Let's say somebody makes an adult video, uh like a video like very mature themes. >> The monetization system may say like this does not meet our ad-friendly guidelines. Advertisers would not want to be on this video, and so the video is demonetized. At the same time, the discovery system might say this is not appropriate to put in front of like a 13-year-and-older audience, and that video might get age-gated, which means that you have to log in with an account that's over 18 years of age. Like you might see those things and think one caused the other. Either way, but they're actually like different systems responding to the same signal. >> That would explain that then. And it might go some way to explaining why creators feel that they might have been shadowbanned before they even get monetized. Yeah, shadowbanning. We'll get back to that one. But first, let's talk about monetization and AI. The thing half of you love, and the other half want to launch into the sun. Those policies apply whether like you shoot it with a camera, whether you use stock footage, whether you animate it, whether you use CGI, whether you use AI. All of those policies are the same. So, it's not the tool that's important. It's the the quality of the work that that matters. >> Renny is referring to is this. That includes a huge chunk around inauthentic content, which everybody seems to think is solely about AI. But it isn't. It doesn't actually mention AI once. Put plain and simple, YouTube doesn't care if you use a $5,000 camera to film your footage or VO3 to prompt something into existence. They care about the video's impact on the viewer, and YouTube wants viewers to come away from the platform with positive experiences. >> Like we provide a lot of these tools. So auto dubbing will will translate your video into over 10 like over a dozen languages and that is AI audio and that's all perfectly monetizable. So I would think of it less about like is AI monetizable and whether like is this is this video is this channel is this idea monetizable? >> if YouTube had a beef with AI, they'd be hypocrites setting you up to fail. They're much more concerned about safeguarding the viewer which is why stuff like this checkbox have appeared in the last year. >> is to tell everybody if you're making content that is synthetic or altered to a degree that it would confuse somebody watching it. Like will they think their city's on fire and panic and try to evacuate? Not good for anybody. >> Now I do still have one beef about this checkbox, it's not mandatory. I guess that means loads of creators simply forget to answer this question and who would ever bother to click no? I should have asked Rene about this one to be honest but I forgot. No, most of the time when I get tagged on things that are like people use the word shadow banned, I go and I look and they're still getting predominantly like most of their traffic from recommendations. >> Now I'm going to be honest with you. I don't think I'm going to be able to dispel the notion that YouTube shadow bans creators. When it happens to you, the individual who knows their channel inside and out and then something really weird happens to the views like a switch has been flicked. Naturally, you'll assume the worst. But it would be impossible for Rene to address David Denver about why his views dropped 90% in the last 24 hours. Instead, we have to look at this at the scale of YouTube. Billions of viewers and millions of creators. >> We we get to choose the content that we make. That's the beauty of YouTube. There's no gatekeepers. We can make any video we want on YouTube just because there is a discovery system in the back of our heads as creators. It's like this video did great, go me. This video did bad, why does the world hate me? There are some cases where like copyright can get you blocked in certain royal markets. There are cases where you'll hit up against community guidelines and that can include things like age gating. YouTube won't put those videos in on like a TV set in front of the entire family. >> So yes, there are rules and policies in place that may impact the reach of your content, but this isn't shadow banning. These are public pages dotted around YouTube support website. You can go read them right now if you want. I truly believe that YouTube is never trying to hide anything, but I think the eternal problem for the creator is that the why doesn't always translate into YouTube studio. My short stopped dead at 1500 views. Why? My evergreen video suddenly stopped getting 100 views an hour. Why? These sorts of questions will never end. All right, I'm kind of calling this one the final boss question because we've already resolved the topic of how AI in itself affects monetization. It doesn't. So if that doesn't, what does? Well, it's everyone's most feared YouTube word of the last 12 months. Inauthentic. >> Inauthentic content doesn't apply specifically to AI. People have been doing it for years long before AI tools became prevalent. As a creator, the way I think about it is can I tell where this video was made? Whether they're AI or not, like I would I know a Wendover video and like the minute I see it I know this is a Wendover video. I know this is a CGP Grey video. I know this is a MinutePhysics video. I I can tell those videos and where their home is. What Rene is describing here is the very essence of authenticity. It's not did you use a camera? It's does this video have a fingerprint? Could someone watch it and say to themselves, "Oh yeah, that's definitely a your channel video." If you're concerned about any of this, I think you need to ask yourself this important question. If YouTube could substitute your video, your channel as a whole and replace it with another one and the viewer wouldn't be able to tell the difference, that is not a personalized fingerprint of a channel. That's a bland watermark of inauthenticity. If that's a word. >> like as a creator, ask yourself that question. Like what about this is me? Is it original? Is it authentic? Is it like providing like unique value, your unique voice? YouTube's motto was give everyone a voice and show them the world. What is the voice that you're using? Is this video something that that shows an expression of creativity, of human creativity, regardless of the tools used to create it? >> Mhm. Yeah, I like that. An expression of human creativity. What would be the opposite of that? An automated, mechanical output? Or is that just a posh way of saying AI slop? Okay, so what we've done here is scratched the important surfaces of some of YouTube's biggest topics with Renee. But we've saved the detail and tons more topics such as how to pivot a YouTube channel, revenue sharing, and the ad blocker problem for the full podcast interview, which you can watch over there right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [52 likes]: What question would you ask YouTube?
  2. @DrSnowBrainHealth [2 likes]: I am a PHD Neuropathologist with 360 patents on brain aging and memory …and I got demonetized because of inauthentic content … that’s a joke as all my brain research that I talk about are all secret research I was doing for 30 years
  3. @gumball466 [1 likes]: BAN YOU TUBE
NOTHING BUT SMUTJ!
  4. @CAPTAINRUSTYRIVERS [1 likes]: The answer is simple...YouTube is running out of MONEY. The way Youtube cut costs is DEMONETISATION. Its not AI slop, its not faceless, voiceless content and its definitely not about "inauthentic" content. Its simply Youtube cutting costs, and not sending out as many checks.
  5. @Sand831: Have been getting about 2-3 subscribers per week for a few months... I will just keep it going.
  6. @quartytypo: Employee is probably an AI robot.
  7. @mustaphababatunde-r9z: For 7 days,my short and video are stuck with view.l don't know what happened.l enjoy your video
  8. @ShabbyGezza-x9r: Maybe I wannabe uniquely bland...
  9. @StephNJAimovies-f5c: A channel contents should tick all the boxes  before being invited to YT partnership to avoid all this demonitization of channels
  10. @snoopy.f5489: Other companies will start losing customers too, like the music license platforms, editor programs, Ai, VIDIQ, all these will lose customers because the creator who was a fulltime legit creator wont have money to pay them anymore- it will snowball and we all know crap runs downhill...
  11. @artyartemis5752: I don’t want MrBeast-style stunt channels on YouTube. I’d love to see these trashy channels not just demonetized, but permanently banned. These influencers routinely scam their audiences for views, and their “once-in-a-lifetime experience” content is causing serious damage. They put historic and ancient structures at risk, and many of them show zero respect for the environment.
The same creators mostly from the US  are also littering fragile places like Antarctica and the Himalayas with garbage. This is harming local ecosystems and wildlife. I’m tired of these low-effort, cultureless influencers treating the planet like their personal playground for content. They should face real consequences: arrests, heavy fines, and long prison sentences for the environmental destruction they’re causing.
  12. @Visum-ia: What yt cares is not the users, is the advertisers. We don´t care if it´s repetitive or inauthentic and we can see the same repeated video a hundred times. :hand-pink-waving:
  13. @the_finance_frontier: 67
  14. @LuciaArkwright: Paraphrasing how Gemini explained this:  

The 2026 "Originality Audit"
For years, YouTube rewarded predictability. Now, that same consistency that worked earlier is being flagged as "Automated Behavior". 

The algorithm now effectively asks: "If I swapped this creator with 100 others, would the viewer notice?" If your video structure, pacing, and metadata are 98% identical it flags as "Interchangeable Content." 

Channels that look like they could be run by a script - following established formulas of the same high-energy hooks, the same stock b-roll, the same pacing - are being flagged as mass-produced templates. Even if a human made it, in their accustomed manner,, the system treats them like a bot farm and they get suppressed as "Formulaic Manual Labor" or "Mass-Produced Template".


"Entry Fee of Personality." To monetize in a crowded niche now, you have to provide "significant human transformation"  Content that reads like a "corporate service desk"—safe, secure, and purely functional—is being de-prioritized. 

The "mystery" of authenticity is just the algorithm finally catching up to what humans have always known: we can tell when someone is just "mailing it in." In 2026, mailing it in is no longer a viable business model.
  15. @DarrylGold: Forgive me if I don't believe you.
  16. @folkloreum: question. if they care so much about the viewer, the WHY were these channels making so much money? Obviously they were being WATCHED.
  17. @folkloreum: then why are some people who aren't using ai and all their videos are of their face and getting hit too?
  18. @selectstartreviews: Sub olease
  19. @WeirdShortFilms: My question is, I am the founder of the Weird Short Films Festival, and my channel originally showed my films that I produced. I then opened my channel to screen the accepted short films at my festival, and that's what got my channel demonetized. As a festival has two branches, our live screening April 18th and our YouTube channel but having our channel demonetized is devastating. I look around I see other channels doing what I am doing and they don't even have a film festival like I do so how could my channel be demonetized? And my appeal video doesn't seem to be viewed either. I can't seem to get any help and when I reach out to YouTube Studio, they can't tell me specifically what videos were flagged and they have no interest in actually helping me.
  20. @castellmaye9364: The long ans short of it is that there is an influx of faceless channels that are using notebooklm and other ai tools to clone already profitable, original channels. They far outnumber the originals and because the clones and the original follow the same pattern, it lumps them all together for inauthentic content. In other words,the good are suffering for the bad

- YouTube Has a Problem... (inauthentic content EXPLAINED): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has a problem lately, and it's where they're mass demonetizing YouTubers for no reason. So, you might have heard a lot of people over the last few months complaining about YouTubers being demonetized or having all of their money removed from YouTube over inauthentic content. That's the reason. And this is becoming such a huge problem because I feel like YouTube is falsely enforcing this rule, and it's all done by YouTube's AI. So, it's not even YouTube knowingly doing this, but they're shutting down so many YouTubers over something that an AI is deciding. So, what even is inauthentic content? What the does that mean? So, inauthentic content, Google says >> [laughter] >> is content that is mass-produced, automated, or repetitious content that lacks significant human creativity, educational value, or unique commentary. So, let's say you make a YouTube channel, and you have Claude or ChatGPT or something generate 100 video ideas, and then generate 100 scripts on all those ideas. And then, I don't know, you have an AI make those videos, completely all AI-generated content, and then a voiceover, an AI voiceover does all the audio, and AI makes the the title and thumbnail and all that stuff. It's not made by a human, right? None nothing in that process is made by human at all. It's literally 100% AI slop. It's mass-produced, automated, repetitious content. Now, there are some YouTube channels that do this and are still up on YouTube, surprisingly. But, there are a lot of channels that have gotten demonetized over this, and a lot of them actually terminated over this, which I think is Yeah, it's a good thing. It adds no value to YouTube at all. But, a lot of innocent people are being accused of this by YouTube, and YouTube just acts. They get demonetized for something they didn't even do. People are getting mistakenly identified as making AI content when they're actually not AI. I've seen this happen countless times in the last few months with artists specifically. It's usually always artists or Roblox creators of all people. I don't know why Roblox specifically, but I like I look I don't even play Roblox, but that's what I've been seeing. It's kind of weird. But, the artist part is also kind of crazy because they're actually real artists. They don't use AI, and they're getting demonetized by YouTube because YouTube thinks that it's fake. It's both artists and animators. They're just being demonetized for no reason. But, it's also not any of those kind of people. It's also just everyone. So, if you just search inauthentic content into Twitter, there's so many people talking about Yeah, my channel was terminated because of inauthentic content. There's so many people talking about this. They're either terminated or demonetized. You know, they can't make any money on YouTube because they're inauthentic. Like, what does that mean, YouTube? I'm not asking a YouTube employee to define it. I'm asking the YouTube AI that's terminating these channels to define it because I don't think it knows. So, inauthentic content doesn't have to just be AI stuff. It could also just be low-effort videos that are produced on a mass scale. So, if you record a video and you just stare into the camera for 30 minutes straight, and then you do that every single day on your channel, that's kind of Yeah, obviously YouTube's not going to like that cuz you're using their video storage space to post content that doesn't matter. You know, like there's no soul in a video like that. So, that makes sense. But, if every one of your videos is something new or has something that makes it different from the last video and shows like human creativity, then that's fine. Gaming creators, reaction channels, all that kind of stuff is fine under this this policy. So, then why the is YouTube terminating everyone? Playing Roblox is not something to terminate us over, YouTube. Okay, I got to chill. I'm actually pretty chill. It's just annoying that this happened so many times. There's so many people online that's complaining about this, and it just looks really bad that YouTube is demonetizing people over this, while also heavily pushing AI. It feels like every 2 weeks YouTube comes out with some sort of new AI update. You know, like I don't even know what this means. YouTube is introducing VTuber-like AI avatars that lets creators make videos without being on camera. How is that How is that not inauthentic content if the video is about a YouTuber that isn't even in the video? That's just AI slop, dude. What the hell? That's actually crazy. I just saw this now. That's actually crazy. This is a reminder. >> No. Imagine. Oh, yeah, imagine that. Imagine that, YouTube, that you would actually do this while enforcing this inauthentic content on creators who are innocent. It's It's annoying. A man was discovered with almost 90% of his brain mass missing while leading to an almost normal life as an inauthentic content policy manager at YouTube. That's funny, but it's so relatable cuz the amount of times I've seen on YouTube someone who's complained about it, I check their channel, and the videos are actually just fine. Like, it's just a normal YouTuber. It's It's just crazy to me. And then, when they appeal it, the YouTube AI says, "Oh, yeah. I stand by what the decision was." Like, you didn't even look at it, YouTube, all right? Oh, man, it's It's being a It is a pretty big problem. I don't think you the YouTube AI should have the power to take away someone's like income or delete a channel entirely over inauthentic content. That power remains with the head master. Because I feel like the AI has been messing up way too much with the with these decisions that it doesn't deserve the right to make that call. It's literally an AI enforcing AI rules when it's literally a an AI itself. It doesn't make any sense. So, that's what I've been having a gripe with YouTube lately. Like, I see every time I open Twitter, I always see someone talking about how they got terminated for inauthentic content, and I'm like, "Oh my god, when is YouTube going to fix this?" Because so many people that are innocent are getting impacted. So, I don't know, man. I noticed during this video I keep saying terminated when it's mostly just people being demonetized, which is where people have their entire livelihoods taken away, you know, their ability to make money off of these YouTube videos on their channel is just stripped. But, some do get terminated for this. It's pretty rare considering how many people get demonetized instead. But, like either way, it's still up that this is happening. I hope by me making a video about this, it spreads some kind of talk about it, you know? People are already complaining, but I feel like the more you get YouTube's attention over this, the sooner they'll finally react to it. We need them to fix it. It is It's so It's so stupid. >> So, they Yeah, thanks for watching. Subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBigPipesYT [2 likes]: Just got hit with it, appeal rejected. Absolutely black listed in the algorithm.
  2. @MelodysQuestSciFi [1 likes]: I use AI for Animation assitance. But I 100% write the scripts and I often edit my own imagery by hand.
  3. @MikeyDoesYouTube [1 likes]: YouTube just doesn't want to pay people. They'll keep your stuff up but take away your money. They are content thieves. I sincerely hope they get sued hard for this with a massive class action lawsuit.
  4. @Krankordie [1 likes]: I think it’s actually quite obvious, YouTube is getting rid of any slop channels where there is no human element to the channel. It does not matter if you are in some videos here or there the AI may not even pick up on that but instead YouTube wants a clear recognizable person tied to the channel. You should immediately be able to come into a channel and understand who is behind the channel. I believe the old days of slop youtube are over and it only make sense business wise.
  5. @NonieMaesLife [1 likes]: It happened to me
  6. @Cipas [1 likes]: This demonitization wave is actually a good thing. And no, AI is not the problem.
  7. @Compguy321 [1 likes]: It happened to me. I guess they don't want to pay us any more. Let's all leave YouTube for better things... I make AI content among other things, but am doing creative things with it. This policy was made last year, not even a full year ago, and didn't tell me. Now I made some "bad" videos because I am demonitized, so I am free to make some bad stuff.
  8. @David-d2q2n: I was born without authenticity or creativity! It's unfair?!
  9. @deanbodishowpodcast9437: So this authentic video telling us whats not authentic is ok to do 🎯 i get it
  10. @GuatemalaAnimations: YouTube CEO loves actual inauthentic content
  11. @eudilynrosas1: Can i ask my content in yt shorts is reaction videos i want to change my niche like our daily life videos is that okay
  12. @TheNightshadePrince: What I find is so funny and ironic is a company that has banned huge creators like leafyishere and shamelesssperg for being too authentic and therefore not advertiser friendly is now banning people it deems inauthentic. People abandoned platforms in the past because of ai moderation leaving them ghost towns. YouTube shouldn't sacrifice its long term viability for short term profits.
  13. @professorchadwise3620: Google Slop Ai Canceling real creators because it can't see the difference between real content and Ai slops
  14. @theearthling8178: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  15. @entertainmentfan1463: The sheer irony that a billion dollar company is using AI to inaccurately spot AI, but is appropriately sending the message that AI will ruin your life.
  16. @QuirksOfTheGalaxy: Many many narration channels are also being demonetized for supposedly inauthentic content
  17. @ultimateyoutubera1683: I'm no lawyer. But I don't understand why everyone can't just band together and file a class action lawsuit of some sort. because this has to be illegal in some way. especially if it's threatening livelihoods of actual creators. If that's not enough the fact that it's nearly impossible to get a human since YouTube's automation basically made AI the judge, the jury, and the Executioner. and even if you go on Twitter/X that's not guaranteed unless you have a big audience.
  18. @freePalestine2026M: Yeah he found out that banned all he AI so I can I got banned soon is All
  19. @JTwelks32: Doesn't matter if it's not AI if it could be done by AI it's the same thing
  20. @DzereloSpokoyu: Thanks bro

- YouTube ආදායම නැති කරන YouTube demonetization: Kind: captions Language: en These days, YouTube has stopped paying for some people. That means you may have heard news that it has been banned. This is really not just Sri Lanka. If you look at what they call YouTube monetization, some YouTube channels all over the world have stopped paying models in this way . It doesn't matter how many subscribers they have or how many videos they have. They have monetized their work completely, if not for YouTube viewers. So, this had actually happened to people who said this in our Master's program . Some of them were successful in appealing and requesting reconsideration, some were told to appeal after 90 days, and some were not. So I'm going to tell you a little bit about what's really going on . The first [groaning] thing is the one you've probably seen. I also posted a video about it a few months ago . You need to be a little careful when posting these videos or creating videos in bulk . Now, nowhere does this say that those videos cannot be posted. That means if those videos are being made, it would be a waste of a human being to make them . It takes a lot of effort just to generate, upload, rate, cut, upload, and generate. I do n't like the way things are done here. The second is bulk creation. As an example, let's say you upload and share the same videos. Then I don't like that on YouTube either. Then there is plenty of opportunity to monetize things like that. The other thing is that you're now working hard to create separate videos with titles and thumbnails. But the thumbnails are in your same style . Even then, YouTube makes me think this is some kind of problem. Now you probably understand that this is called an arrant ear. It is called a reptilian ear. I have made videos about this before. And if you're going to register and settle down at the Meat Academy, it's time to say we stopped doing things like this earlier . Because I've learned that no one can develop as long as YouTube, even if they take videos from there and post them here, or make the same videos with the same eyes . So, even within the Mater Adami, I'll be explaining to you about 200 channels how to get your idea across with effort. The reason for this is this . That means I always teach you how to work hard to create great content. I always tell you before that you should post other people's videos. You can't make long-term progress on YouTube without putting in the effort and making videos . You can buy some videos for a week or two, a month or two. But if you're looking to use YouTube as a business or as your income, you can create as many channels as you want. You can get one that's good for the videos you've been working hard to make without any problems . The next thing is, what do you do now that you've been medicated? Most of the time, after you are told that you have been demonetized, meaning that you will not be paid again, they give you a chance to appeal. This is what is important. I'm not saying I'm appealing, I'm posting other people's videos, not the way you say. Otherwise, I wouldn't have worked hard and you wouldn't have just had that idea . I worked hard to make those videos. You should be able to prove it like this. It doesn't matter if you can't prove it [groans], just because you pressed the appeal button does n't mean it's worth it. Think about it this way. You are driving a car. Someone else will come and file a lawsuit. That vehicle is his . Then this vehicle really belongs to you, and you didn't go to court without fear and file an appeal. Here, I'll prove this. Can you prove that this is my vehicle? But if you were actually driving a stolen vehicle, would you go to court? Can you prove these? Appeal. Oh, it's the same on YouTube. Everyone thinks my channel wo n't be allowed to appeal. Pressing this appeal button did n't help. Appeal means you have to be able to prove that you put in the hard work to make your videos. You don't post other people's videos. You say you make your own videos . Even when you apply for this position, don't put it in the application. Most of the time, if you can't type it correctly in English, there is AI technology. You can say whatever you want in Sinhala, like Gemini or Chippup, translate it into English, and then click the appropriate appeal button in the box on the left. Now, you should always think about that. Now, I'm only saying this if you're working hard to make videos . You can't do this if you're posting other people's videos and taking random shots from them . Do you really think that YouTube monetized my channel by mistake? There is a man on the other side, fearless. You need to explain to that man, now take that court case I mentioned again . What will you do if you find this vehicle after going to the kitchen ? This is the day I bought this vehicle. This is the document that states that this vehicle is registered in my name . And this is where I bought the vehicle. If I want, I have the photos I took that day . That's what it's like to be able to prove that. Find the camera, now first write that, you write, I'm using these cameras to make this video . This is how hard I work. This is how audio is made. This is how voice recording is done. I get the music for this from this website. I only buy this music by paying them money. I haven't stolen anything. I work very hard to write a nice description using caps lock . That's the first one. As another support for that, you can also make a small video clip, for example, you are working on your own website. Now, for example, let's say you are a website that tells people news. Then you can find moms first on these websites. Then you show that we translate it into Sinhala using either chchajipat or geminai, like this. Then I'll use my mic and show you guys the camera, this is how these are voiced. Then I edit it like this by putting these caps into the cuts. I'm making a little story for a place to upload. Because when making a video like that, it's better to make it less than five minutes long, three, five, or four minutes long. Because there is a price to pay for making it. Now, take that court story I told you about again. You have to go to court and prove it. Someone else says your vehicle is stolen, I won't say so. You have to work hard and prove yourself to be acquitted. [Growling] This is the same. Then you're the one who made me feel like this, because you're the one who made me feel like this . That must be tiring. Put all the evidence you can in that video clip to prove that this is yours. You can upload it to your own channel, put it as an alias, get the link, and send it to yourself along with that appeal message. Now you understand that making this appeal is not a matter of just going to the cinema and clicking a button. That's a chance you get. They're wrong. Prove you are right . So take advantage of it. Don't leave it as soon as you get there. They have set a number of days within which you can file an appeal . So think carefully before submitting your appeal. So this is not something that affects everyone, but in the past year, not even one or two of the 100 channels we have monetized have come this far. This has happened to a very select few. Actually, they have their own channel now, and that's what they're doing. I can't tell you exactly. He's making a channel like Lagna Balapala for us now because it's not going to compromise his privacy . Then he says it out loud. Here's how this sign works. Like this . But he's saying those things by posting a photo . Is it clear? What I said. He has posted many videos like that . A lot of people watch them and he makes a good income. He was also told that he was being demonetized. The reason is that the repetitive cuts are the same, meaning that anyone who watches it will understand that he is someone who recorded this video, added some photos, and posted the same thumbnail with a different date . The other is to appeal next, and now tell them that the appeal was rejected . Then I'll give you another 90 days to build up the channel a bit. Then, instead of posting the videos in the future in the wrong way, you can fix your mistakes and get your channel back up and running within days . Most of the time, the videos posted in the last 90 days are the ones that are watched at that time, not the old videos, which YouTube doesn't mention anywhere. That's just what we feel. Then it's possible that it won't happen . But we think they will give it time. Because now there's a video set that was made without any effort, in the wrong way . Give it a few more days. The video is being made with great effort. Then you probably understand now that YouTube has always given you a chance. If they've been monetized, if they've made a mistake, you can fix that mistake. So, don't waste your chance to correct that mistake and stop doing the work regardless. Besides, it's been said everywhere that if you can't give a person a proper education, your video is useless. We say there is an element and there is an element. There is education, there is education. Then, if you can't give people the right education through your video, right away. But your channel is being demonetized. Now think of this as an example. People are happy after listening to a song. People are happy after watching a cricket match. People are happy after watching a movie. But some people are happy even with trash. Then we can get rid of that garbage and have a happy life . That's how you get it now . Then they say that if you can't give people or entities a proper education, we will demonetize these things . So, that's why I always tell you that if you can create videos every day as per the requirements of the market, there's no harm in spending hundreds of thousands of rupees on your videos. Because it will generate income for you in the same way. So the next scary [clears throat] thing is, Ola knows what to do now, she'll ask for our phone number. Next, our face asks for a video clip . Imagine the danger there. Some people get demonetized and banned for posting stolen videos on YouTube because they keep posting other people's videos . You can put videos together. But that means you can't make money . The problem is that when he creates a second channel and goes to verify it, he is told that you created a YouTube channel before and this problem has arisen. We wo n't give you any manatees. How is that? A few people had this same problem. So then he has to go back to his face, that is, to verify a channel, and they both give him a passport or something through their video call . So now you probably understand that there is a possibility that they could affect their other channels as well . These are not things that were so difficult before . But now you understand. I'm trying to give a big shoutout to those who work really hard to make videos . Then, if you're on YouTube, go to Twitter or YouTube, or go to YouTube and watch a lot of videos against this . People are talking a lot against this. So, maybe this is a possibility that the youth will get over it soon . Otherwise, YouTube may continue to push this forward . So, you should think carefully before choosing a supermarket. I said, get rid of the constant education nonsense from your head and then choose people who can edit a video. Always choose people who can take the educational value of a video. I have written an e-book about it. You have a problem below. Go to that line and watch a short video about how much money you pay for this visa . Take a look at the Missouri e-book. Download it . There are many important points in it. This will help you understand that we should focus on people rather than just making random videos. Those people also make a profit . We can also make a good income . It means we're building a good audience too if you have any questions, please post them in this section below. If you are interested in joining the Mater Adami course in particular, you can add your name and email to this number here . In this we are completely from where we are doing the tubal. Even if you don't have a clue, we have presented you with a complete tutorial on how to edit videos, plan, create thumbnails, and become a successful YouTuber, from planning to monetization. You have a lot of e-bucks in this have homework to do. We also have to work together . We provide free music through this. We provide nail plates. Subscribe like this. They get buttons like this . I'll find another course. There are a lot of things like this in this. So, you usually have to join the Master's Academy within these three to four years, while we usually have to wait three months. We have designed this program to a level where anyone can monetize their videos within three to six months if they work on a proper video plan. We have also discussed in depth how to become a YouTuber by managing your time without worrying about these e-bucks. If you think this is very important, you can join the Mass Academy YouTube Million Foot Course series, join us, develop your channel, and reach people through YouTube while earning money in dollars right in your country's bank. So that's what I have to say specifically today. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments section below. I hope to answer them in future videos. Subscribe to Meat Academy and like it for more videos. Hey

  Top Comments:
  1. @masteracademylk [23 likes]: eBook එක  
https://masteracademylk.com/ebooks/1000
  2. @Volt_Form [3 likes]: Facebook walatath ehema weyid issarahata 😮😮
  3. @COfixcartoon-y3r [2 likes]: Thanks🎉
  4. @FablevillageTV [1 likes]: කවුරුත් දන්නෙ නෑ Ai වලින් කොච්චර අමාරුද වීඩියෝ හදන්න කියලා Ai මුලින් පටන් ගන්න අයට සල්ලි දීලා ගෙවලා වීඩියෝ හදන website ගන්න බෑනේ ඉතින් ෆ්‍රී තියෙන ඒවා තමයි පාවිච්චි කරන්නේ ඒ එකකවත් අපි ඉල්ලන විදියට වීඩියෝ දෙන්නෙත් නෑ. සීමිත ගානක් තමයි දවසට වීඩියෝ ගන්නත් පුළුවන් .එක වීඩියෝ කෑල්ලක් තප්පර පහයි. ඊටත් අඩුවෙනවා. අඩුම තරමේ විනාඩි දෙකක වීඩියෝ එකක්වත් හදාගන්න තත්පර පහේ කෑලි කීයක් ගන්න ඕනද ඒක නිසා Ai වීඩියෝ හදන අය ලේසියෙන් ඒවා හදන්නෑ අනිත් එක සීමිත ගානක් දවසට දුන්නට ඒකෙනුත් බාගෙට බාගයක් website වලින් වැරදි විදියට දෙන්නේ අපි ඉල්ලන විදියට දෙන්නේ නෑ. අනිත් එක වීඩියෝ රෙකෝඩ් කරලා දාන අයට වඩා Ai වලින් හදන අයට පිරිවැයකුත් යනවා ඔය හැම වීඩියෝ එකක්ම හදන්න කොච්චර ඩේට යනවද මේ මගේ චැනල් එකෙන්මයි දැම්මේ කොච්චර හැදුවත් යූටියුබ් එකත් ඒවා මිනිස්සුන්ට පෙන්නන්නේ නෑ
  5. @JN25238 [1 likes]: 1:57 ඉතින් අයියෙ එහෙම බැලුවොත් වස්ති ව්නීල පවා demonotize වෙන්න එපැයි,මොකද වස්තිලගෙ එහෙම තනිකර කොල background එකේ යට කහ පාට මහත ඉර එක්ක එකම මොඩල් එකේ thumbnails නෙ හැම වීඩියො එකේම යන්නෙ☠️🫠
  6. @PiyalV.ppiyal [1 likes]: 🗣️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏👈
  7. @HERA-2000 [1 likes]: මුලින් චැනල් එකක් හදලා ඒක කෙලවගත්තට පස්සේ ආයේ අලුතෙන්ම හදන චැනල් එකට කලින් කෙලවගත්තා කියලා වීඩියෝ වෙරිෆිකේශන් එක දෙන්නේ නැති එකනම් පට්ටම අසාදාරනයි 😢.
  8. @ShenudDeMelMusic-b9j [1 likes]: සුපිරි Chanux අයියේ❤❤අපිට තාම Monatize නැති වුණාට Monatize හම්බෙන්න කලින් ඔය කියපු වැරදි ටික හදාගන්න පුළුවන්❤සුපිරි වීඩියෝ එකක් Chanux අයියේ❤
  9. @nilunature192 [1 likes]: The best teacher...💐
  10. @ImesheMadushan [1 likes]: Master academy course එකේ price එක කරපු කෙනෙක් ඉන්නෝ නම් පොඩ්ඩක් කියන්නකෝ ❤
  11. @Darayaofficial [1 likes]: Thank you Chanux Bro
  12. @Gamer_shey [1 likes]: ම්ම්ම් ලමයි 200ගානක් එකතුව ලක්ශ 48 ගානක්. 😼
  13. @flickclicktvrecap: ගොඩක් වටිනවා.
  14. @VIP-GANG-H-S-S: Yo wear's shakib and shazin
  15. @Karma_universe05: E kiyanne funny video danna barida edit karala wath ? Please reply me
  16. @1GAMINGKAVIYA1: 😢😢
  17. @whiteeyesstudioofficial-u6k: No...😭
  18. @sengawunuRahas: ඔබත් එක්ක අවුරුදු ගානක් හිටියා.ඔබව අනුගමනය කරා.යුටුබ් චැනල් 4-5ක් කරා නමුත් වැරදුනා.නමුත් ඔබේ විඩියෝ අප්ඩේට් නිතරම බැලුවා හොයයා බැලුවා විඩියෝ දානකන් බලන් හිටියා.අද මම නියම මාවතක යනවා කියලා තේරෙනවා.ඔබේ උපදෙස් නිසා.ස්තුතිය ඔබේ සහයෝගයට.තව තව විඩියෝ කරන්න.ඔබට ජය.තවම මොනිටයිටේෂන් නැහැ නමුත් මේ චැනල් එක හොද මාවතක යනවා ඒ ඔබ නිසා ඔබේ විඩියෝ නිසා.❤🎉
  19. @wassanadarmadeshana9842: ස්තූතියි මිත්‍රයා ❤️
  20. @BoltRBX8: Thanks chanux

- Ultimate Beginner’s Guide to FP&A | Financial Planning & Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en Are you thinking about becoming an FPNA professional? Over the last 15 years, I've led FPNA teams at companies like Proctor and Gamble, Unilver, and Squarespace. I've also trained more than 1,000 finance professionals, and I'm the director of the Wharton School's FPNA certificate program. In this video, I'll break down exactly what FPNA is, the requirements of an FPNA professional, typical salaries, and how you can break into this high demand field. Let's dive in. What is FPNA? Well, the FPNA team's job is to help business leaders make better decisions. We are part of the corporate finance team and we work alongside the accounting team or perhaps a treasury or investor relations team if you work at a larger company. And typically the head of the FPNA team reports directly to the CFO. FPNA stands for financial planning and analysis but that's only part of what we do. The core mission is turning financial data into actionable insights. And what that means is deciding what metrics matter most, identifying risks and opportunities and pointing to which actions people can take in order to capitalize on them. And the ultimate goal of FPNA really is helping leaders see the financial implications of their decisions and thereby enabling them to improve the quality of their decisions. Let's talk about the key responsibilities of FPNA professionals and I'll do this by walking you through the entire FPNA process from A through Z. So the process starts with annual budgeting. That's what companies do typically towards the end of their fiscal year. And the goal is to figure out where they will be in the following year in terms of financial performance. So that's growth in terms of revenue and profits and also in terms of how much they're going to invest and where in their business. The FPNA professional has to lead the annual budgeting process. What it means is they need to collaborate with the other departments collecting information from them perhaps creating Excel templates to collect information and then using those templates to consolidate it. And you'll play a critical role because you'll manage the entire annual budgeting process. Starting from assigning who does what through sharing timelines and then collecting the information, analyzing the information, crucially challenging the inputs you're getting, making sure that your cross functional business partners really thought everything through and then turning this information into a projection into an annual budget and finally presenting it to the leadership team. You can already tell here that this requires both technical skills and interpersonal skills. We'll talk about this more later in this video. Once the annual budget is done, then it's time to update your forecasts. Most companies do this either on a monthly or on a quarterly basis. FPNA leads the forecasting process, and you need to create projections that are as accurate as possible. That's because leaders make decisions based off of your forecasts. For example, the forecast associated with a big capital investment is used to determine the profitability at each stage and whether the business needs to make budget cuts to maintain profitability through the investment phase or whether the projection works as originally intended. FPNA teams typically forecast revenues, expenses, and profits in addition to headcount and cash flow. But you're not only focusing on the financial metrics that you get from your accounting system. Ideally, you're building that forecast by taking into account operational metrics that you find across the business. For example, if your company has free trials to the product, you look at how free trials are changing. So you can use that to forecast subscriptions or maybe you look at how many calls your consumer hotline is getting. So you can bot issues like potential quality issues with your product early and forecast resulting impacts on uh revenues and profitability. All of this serves to give leaders across the company insights and data earlier so they can make better decisions. To improve your forecast accuracy, you'll implement different forecasting techniques in parallel. So you can compare the results to each other and eliminate forecast bias as much as possible. Now I'm referring to techniques like driver-based forecasting, statistical methods, expert judgment. I'll go much more in depth on how these work in my course, the art and science of forecasting. Now once you're done with your forecast, it's time to do financial analysis. It's time to look back and see how do my actual results compare to expectations. And when we say expectations, what we mean in FPNA is how do actuals compare to your prior forecast, to your budget, and to your prior year actuals. And in doing this variance analysis, your goal is to identify risks and opportunities to identify real insights that the company can act on. In order to get there, your variance analysis has to be deep. If it's too shallow, then it's not really useful for decision- making. So, you either have to drill down deep enough in your data if you have good data at your fingertips or you need to have in-depth discussions with your business partners. Again, technical skills and interpersonal skills are critical here. Now, imagine you uncover an investment opportunity with your variance analysis. Then the next responsibility in the FBANA process is financial modeling. That's where you build an a model typically in Excel or in Google Sheets to evaluate if the de investment makes sense from a financial standpoint. That means you would be building discounted cash flow model, a return on investment model, a lifetime value model, many different model types depends on your specific business case that you're evaluating. And then this model gives you a go or no go recommendation. And I always find this super fascinating because you know you get all these inputs from your business partners, from your forecast or the financial records. You throw everything in your Excel spreadsheet and then it gives you one number that determines whether the company should move ahead with the project or not. Super fascinating. Let's imagine you build your financial model. The result of the financial model is that the net present value is positive which means that you should go ahead with making the investment. Your job is not done yet because the best financial model is useless if leaders across the company don't take action. So that means that you have to take that modal result and you have to translate it into a message that people without a finance background understand and you need to position it in a way that you're speaking to the goals of your cross functional business partners and what they're facing in their day-to-day. And that can be challenging. That requires that you understand the business well and that you can put yourself into the shoes of your business partners and understand their goals and challenges. For example, the head of marketing may have completely different concerns than the head of R&D. And so when you're presenting your model, when you're pitching what you recommend should be done, you have to tailor the message to what they're looking for and take that into account. Now assuming this is done, the next step in the FPNA process is to report the result. Now typically means that you will create a business review and that's where you summarize the financial story of the business. You don't just throw data on the slide and assume that people get it. You have to find the right visualizations. For example, in some situations, waterfall charts work well. In other situations, line charts or column charts work better. So you you're building the deck, you're summarizing the the insights, the the decisions you want leaders to discuss and then you will be presenting it. Presenting is a core task of many FPNA roles and another example how interpersonal skills are so important. But let's doubleclick on the skills you need to succeed in an FPNA role. The skills broadly fall into three categories. There are technical skills, self-management skills and interpersonal skills. The technical skills you need in to succeed in FPNA are financial modeling in Excel. You know, you need to understand Excel inside and out or Google Sheets. But fortunately, these days you get a lot of free support there. You can go to your favorite chatbot like Jet GPT, Gemini, Claude, Copilot, and when you get stuck in Excel, you can ask it to help you get unstuck. And it's amazing how well these tools understand Excel these days. They can walk you step by step through how to approach something. So while knowing Excel is important in FPNA, if your skills need polish in this area, you'll be better off today than people were even just 5 years ago when generative AI didn't exist yet. Another technical skill that's important is accounting. Now, accounting is the language of business. It explains how the things that people do translate to financials. But I do want to make it clear that you don't need to have a masters in accounting. You don't need to have your CPA license to succeed in FPNA. It's important to have a foundational knowledge of accounting that will make everything easier, but you don't need to be an accounting expert going into an FPNA role. Other technical skills you need in FPNA include forecasting techniques, analysis techniques, budget management techniques, reporting, visualizing data. But all of these are skills that you can learn by taking an online course like mine or by learning on the job. Then there are self-management skills which are also critical and which I often asked for when I interviewed people for FPNA roles. So there's attention to detail. That's one of the most important self-management skills because in FPNA we deal with numbers and numbers need to be right. I don't mean this in the sense that your financial projections need to be 100% accurate. Nobody has a magic crystal ball, but you need to have the attention to detail to spot any mistakes you make. There are techniques to do that as well. By the way, I teach that in my financial modeling course. And attention to detail is something that can be trained, but the more you can demonstrate this in interviews by pointing to past experience, the better. Structured thinking is another important self-management skill because in the end what we're doing in FPNA is organizing information and telling the financial story that results from that. And telling a story effectively means doing it in a structured way. Time management skills are also important because most of the time you have the flexibility to organize your agenda. Sometimes you also have to work against tight deadlines. And lastly, bias for action. Super super important because you know FPNA really is the most fun when you can get people to implement something you recommend and that requires having a bias for action. And lastly, there are the allimportant interpersonal skills. So these are your communication skills. You want to know how to influence up and across. Talk about this in detail in my business partnering course. You want to know how to build professional relationships quickly, how to manage tough conversations, and you need to have leadership skills whether you are managing a large team or whether you are at the beginning of your career because business partnering and working with and through other departments essentially means leading them even if you don't have direct hierarchical authority. With the skills out of the way, let's talk about salaries and career path. I differentiate between entry level, midlevel, and senior level. At the entry level, your title is typically financial analyst. And you would be making $70,000 to $95,000 depending on location and company. I'm referencing salaries in the US here. Typically, at the entry level, the requirement is 0 to two years of experience. At the mid level, your title is typically senior analyst or manager, sometimes senior manager. Your salary can range between $100,000 to $150,000. And the experience you need here is typically 3 to 7 years. And at the senior level, typical job titles are director or VP of FPNA. And your salary can easily be 150,000 to 250,000 plus. And often the next step in someone's career who is at the VP of FPNA level would be that of the chief financial officer. Companies are looking for people with eight or more years of FPNA experience. Now what's important to keep in mind here is that many companies inflate their job titles to make the roles seem more appealing. For example, a finance manager at one company may have the same scope and compensation as a senior financial analyst at another company. Therefore, it's important that you take a close look at the role's responsibility to determine seniority. You can do this through the job description and I recommend you ask detailed questions during your interview to understand how the scope relates to the job title. Now let's talk about education required for FPNA. People can move into FPNA from various fields but most commonly I see people coming from investment banking from accounting or from audit backgrounds. And in terms of degrees they typically have finance, accounting, business or economic degrees. MBAs are often preferred for senior roles although they are not a requirement. And looking at certifications, CPA and CFA certifications can help. However, they're by no means a requirement to be successful in FPNA. And there are also now dedicated FPNA certifications which are much more tailored to what you would actually experience in your day-to-day compared to a CPA certification which is more accounting oriented or a CFA certification which is more investment banking oriented. One of the leading FPNA certification is that of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. It's an online program where you earn your certificate over the course of eight weeks and its acronym is CFPA and IMIT's program director. Common entry paths into FPNA are from accounting roles from financial analyst positions in other uh departments and at other companies and also directly from undergraduate or graduate programs. For example, I started my career in FPNA at Proctor and Gamble, a large consumer goods company from an internship that I did during my undergraduate program. And then I immediately went to FPNA. I never worked in an accounting role. And then of course what will be tremendously helpful in hitting the ground running is in an FPNA role is if you do a specialized FPNA training program whether that's online or in person like mine. So that's what FPNA is all about. Helping business leaders make better decisions through financial analysis, modeling, forecasting, and compelling storytelling. Now, if you're serious about breaking into this field or simply just improving your skills as an FBNA professional, then make sure you click the first link in the description and join my free newsletter. Over 30,000 finance professionals already receive my weekly insights on budgeting, forecasting, analysis, and business partnering. Plus, when you sign up, you'll get instant access to my top 10 most popular FPNA one pages that you can start using immediately. So again, click that first link below to join. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @joaquinaraujo9648 [13 likes]: I'm 14 years old and you might be wondering what I'm doing in a beginner's video about FP&A analysts. Well, that's what I want to study in the future, although it seems a bit overwhelming. I think that with effort and discipline I can achieve it.
  2. @christianwattig [8 likes]: Quick heads-up: I’m running a free live training where I share the exact FP&A system I use to turn close + variance analysis + forecasting into decision-ready insights leaders act on:

Steal My FP&A Playbook: The 6-Part Framework to Become a High-Impact FP&A Pro

We’ll cover the 6 pillars (budgeting, analysis, forecasting, modeling, business partnering, reporting/storytelling) + the What/Why/So What structure.

Register here: https://luma.com/insidefpa
  3. @taniaandre5246 [6 likes]: I studied international business management, I’m a construction planner for over 3 years. But I want to migrate to FP&A. I find your videos. It’s being helpful thank you
  4. @MissPriscillaJ [1 likes]: Does your course help prepare for the FPAC exam? or would you still have to take another course?
  5. @HimanshuJoshi-p5i [1 likes]: MBA in finance are required in FP&A
  6. @MaryJeanPugal [1 likes]: sounds interesting not for the salary but the challenge to have a possible outcome. thank you SIR and expecting more videos that enhance the knowledge to become FP&A.
  7. @amrinsayed3454 [1 likes]: Hie ...thanks for a insightful video.Can I get into FPandA through CMA US
  8. @emadmoore6412 [1 likes]: soooo good!! love your channel!
  9. @mtizro9784: Thank you for video and information you provide.how about CIMA certificate?
  10. @chinyereezeigbo5837: Great and insightful content.   I'm an Accounting Professional and would love to dive into FP&A to level up my career.   Will definitely follow for more content.   Thanks!
  11. @UnmericaBrainRot: I’m studying MBA concentration in supply chain management. My courses cover financial management and managerial accounting. Is it possible to transition into an fp&a role?
  12. @busumamuyana157: Is remote work available for fp&a analysts in Africa?
  13. @StevenNguyen779: Can you still get an FP&A analyst role as a data science major?
  14. @alihaideralihaider9345: I am at this stage.  Where I have all the technical skill. Presentation skill.  Like power bi (tableau).  I am doing bechlor in accounting and finance. I feel like uni can't teach me more .I want a mentor.  That can help me.  Like real experience.  Any advice.  What should I do .
  15. @Mod3Loop: FP&A is one of the most underrated functions for someone wanting to move into M&A or project finance — the variance analysis mindset, the ability to bridge actuals to forecast, and the stakeholder communication skills translate directly into deal work. In renewable energy transactions, having a strong FP&A background is often what separates candidates who can build a model from those who can defend it in front of an investment committee. I cover how these financial planning fundamentals connect to live deal modeling on @Mod3Loop.
  16. @YayaRachida: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  17. @こじまる-q4w: uscma?
  18. @epic0852: If you’re serious about managing your money, you should check out CFO Silvia. It’s like having a 24/7 personal wealth advisor that actually understands your finances. It pulls in all your accounts—investments, crypto, real estate, and more—and gives you tailored insights instead of generic rules of thumb. I can literally text or call this AI‑powered advisor any time with questions about my portfolio, spending, or tax strategies. For DIY investors trying to build real wealth, it’s a total game changer—and it’s FREE.

I’d love to see you do a future video on CFO Silvia for your audience. I honestly think this kind of tool could disrupt the high cost of traditional CFPs by giving people specific, data‑driven guidance on their own portfolio.
  19. @raghunandangupta9774: Entry pass
  20. @F90fh: Currently in Finance (corporate trust) but want to FP&A. What’s the best cost effective yet credible way to get a certification?

- The Most PROFITABLE NICHE for Financial Advisors: Kind: captions Language: en are you confused about your niche as a financial advisor everyone says you're supposed to have one or you're missing out if you don't but you have no idea where to start by the end of this video you will have Clarity on how to Market and grow your business through a Fresh Approach to defining your Niche time to think like an investor for most of my career with all of the advice I got and all the business books I read I would glaze over everything that had to do with Niche I just kind of hated seeing the word why would you want to close yourself off from 99 of the world to business that sounds like an idiot idea but over the past few years I've actually really started to understand the power of this concept kind of by luck or happenstance I mean think about it in a world where there's millions and millions of competitors how are you supposed to stand out let's say you're a 31 year old dentist who is paying off their student debt and want to build their own practice what Financial Services business immediately draws your attention American Financial Advisor firm or investment Council firm is focused on 30 to 35 year old dentists looking to start their own practice and pay off student debt if you read those two headlines it's a no-brainer one of them is specialized for the solution you're looking for and one of them is not now obviously there's a downside if you Market yourself as the person looking for 30 to 35 year old dentist well you're probably not going to get too many clients outside of 30 to 35 year old dentists but here's the thing in a world where we can get our message out to millions of people and we can do meetings across the globe from the comfort of our own living room it actually makes a ton of sense to specialize if you can cast a wide enough net and solve for such a specific problem you might be able to find enough opportunities to grow and scale faster than someone who just generalizes and competes with everybody it makes a lot of sense in a business where you really only need a couple hundred clients to thrive so I said all right time to hunker down and get myself a niche but I immediately ran into a problem wait a second look at all these great clients I have that I love to deal with that don't fit into a niche I would ever want to operate in do I just never get to see these people again am I really cutting myself off from all these potential amazing opportunities just to focus on specializing in one Niche like am I allowed to have multiple or does that dilute the power of of the niche I'm going after and then you finally get through all that and then you realize wait a second I found a niche that I'd like but there's no way to Target them there's no pattern among these different people that I like dealing with earlier in my career one of my really big breakthrough clients was this older gentleman I'll call him Bob for now and Bob love to call me at all hours of the day and ask for my opinion on certain stocks and if he should buy them or sell them throughout the week he might call me up randomly out of the blue while I'm busy and asking about my opinion on geopolitics every single time I try to engage Bob in some really productive conversation talking about vision and values and maybe doing some financial planning about his goal Bob saw that as tertiary it wasn't even secondary it was something that was just of no value he wanted to talk shop about macroeconomics he would kind of nitpick the indices that we were benchmarking against or he would cherry pick random companies that had a particularly unfair disadvantage over the time period and he would really just micromanage every piece and don't even get me started on the fees every time he saw this statement of fees he would make me call him and prove him why they were worth it and he made me justify it to him I got to the point where I would see his name pop up on my phone in the middle of the day and I wasn't even busy I'd look at it and I would just click it and I'd go like this I was just in no mood to ever talk to this guy but you see at the time this early in my career I couldn't say no because this was such a breakthrough big climb for me that it allowed me to kind of hone my skills in dealing with people like that but it also got me comfortable dealing with larger sums of money but then later down the road I got another breakthrough client actually bigger than Bob his name was Sam and he was quite a bit younger he was actually closer towards my age from day one he was incredibly helpful and he was up for whatever we wanted Sam Actually just sent me all the documents all the different investment statements he sent me his will and his estate plan insurance he had all of his balance sheet and his income statement ready for me he listened to my Approach and my philosophy on planning and he was in he was engaged and he was actually excited to get started in our process and we created massive value across the entire picture it was this kind of realization where Sam was like holy where have you guys been this is fantastic work every time I get a text or call from Sam I'm super excited to answer whenever I get an email I'm just ready to dive into whatever he wants me to do because I want to provide value he's someone who's bought in on me in my process and the last thing in comparison to Bob Sam never once questioned the fees he would actually say oh my goodness this is great value this is actually significantly less than I was paying before and you guys are doing so much more if you're in the business I imagine you have your own Bobs and your own Sams or something slightly resembling them and so today I want to tell you guys about the Epiphany or the profound Insight I had about what separates the Sams from The Bobs and how we can ultimately acquire more perfect fit Sam's for our business listen in for a second let's talk about the market for oil changes okay we have ourselves a graph here on one axis willing and on another axis able there's two Dynamics to taking action are you willing and are you able are you both are you one or the other let's start with the bottom corner of this graph okay we have people who are not very able but they are very willing they have no idea how to change the oil but boy if they did they would be in there or even worse these could be like the Dunning Kruger people who actually think they're able but they're not and they're also willing so that can get you in a lot of trouble there's a lot of damage that happens down here let's call these people you know The Reluctant delegators they delegate it they pay for it to be done but they really wish they didn't have now let's go across the line vertically well if we have people who are both very willing and also very able on this end of the extreme those are the people who are competent enough to change their own oil and they really want to maybe they don't see the value in their time or maybe their time isn't worth that much they for whatever reason maybe get joy out of changing the oil and they're also very able to do it so we call these our diy-ers these are the do-it-yourselfers now how about those who are very able and competent to change their own oil but they're just not willing these might actually be the kind of people who have the right attitude towards their time and money they're both mature enough to know that they can change their own oil and be able to do that but they're also financially mature enough to know their time is probably spent better Elsewhere for now let's just call this group maybe the content delegators they're the content ones they're okay to Outsource this they're cool but they could do it if they really had to and lastly in the bottom left corner we have the ecstatic delegators people who are not able and they're not willing and they're willing to admit all of that and so if they can bring their car to the mechanic and they could do the oil change even if it costs a lot it's a relief to them because they don't want to do it and they don't know how to do it and it's easier to just have it done by somebody else if we can think back to where Bob was and where Sam was on this chart where do we think they are well it looks to me like Bob is both very willing and very able to get active in this process and potentially take this on himself Bob seems to be a diyer who's delegated he is somebody who is very passionate and very aggressively concerned learned about everything that's happening day to day and wants to play a role where do we think Sam was in this process well the reality was it's tougher to answer that one but Sam was somewhere in the realm over here sharp guy he had great ability he was a wealthy person but he was willing to admit that he didn't have the competence required to manage his finances at the scale that he had and so that is what made him such a great client is he was willing he was both content and relieved to delegate this so what am I ultimately getting at in terms of Niche I am looking for clients that are towards this end of the spectrum and you know if they end up being up here or around here or anywhere in here that's great I'm ultimately working towards this bottom lower half quadrant preferably the furthest away from this that I can be and the reason why that delivers the most value is it's because it's the people that are the most willing and relieved and happy to delegate these things and get them off their plate if you can build a result for them where they create the financial future that they want and the outcomes that they want without having to do any of the Hands-On nitty-gritty work this doesn't necessarily mean that they're not engaged or they don't have any investment in the outcome or the result it just means that they're not as willing to get their hands dirty in the day-to-day minutia of the Investments and the financial planning and for me that's kind of what I prefer so how does this end up being more profitable and higher long-term value well for that I want to introduce this idea of the value line in any business we have obviously the price of our services and that's red because it is what it costs the client now in the a green we have the value that we provide and sometimes we do something really great for a client and other times maybe you don't talk to them for a very long time and then you do an annual meeting or what have you the value that the client perceives they're getting changes all the time now here's the point of the value line if you get to the point where the value has declined below the price for too long the client eventually says no I'm not in this anymore I'm just not seeing the value for the price that I'm paying and so in an ideal world as advisors we could start up here and do nothing but go up and up and up and we could do a fantastic job of creating this massive gap between value and price that's the point of having a really great offer that's the point of specializing in a niche to deliver more value for a set of people now here's my point the long-term value of our client depends on how long that they stay with us for the longer into the future we maintain that relationship the more more profitable and the better that is for our business we have an incentive to continue providing value for clients over and over year after year so that they stay with us because the cost of acquiring that customer only happened here and we get to Reaper rewards of that forever provided that we're trading value for the dollars they're paying us now here's the problem if we all of a sudden take on somebody who is a DIY or they're both very willing and very able to do all of their planning themselves what I find is that those clients psychologically start down here they start with this internal complex of this guy's really going to have to prove his value or else I could do it myself you have to grind your way and painstakingly try to get above this line to prove that you're good enough to have that person's business and then over time you know Investments weren't as good as the index one year and boom and all of a sudden you know we try to get some of that Goodwill back and something happens in the market or they make a bunch of money in crypto now why am I hiring this guy and over time their equilibrium for what they perceive your value as is always in comparison to what they could be doing themselves now our ecstatic and relieved delegators on the other hand are on the opposite end of the spectrum they start psychologically up here and the sky is then the limit you see they're just so excited to have this off of their plate where they cannot have to think about it they can have peace of mind that it's taken care of and they can still get the result they want that is why it's so great to work with delegators because for the same acquisition cost of the customer we acquire them once over here we have so much more Goodwill we are providing so much value in between and the reality is we don't have to change anything about the value we're delivering we don't have to change our offer we're just finding the right fit client that is now producing more value the exact opposite from those hardcore diyers and those people who are very willing to manage things themselves who are going to have to constantly Vie for their validation throughout the entire professional relationship so anyways guys if you're somebody who like me wants to deal with a lot more Sams and maybe less Bobs maybe integrate this into your process maybe think about your ideal clients and the fact that you might be able to provide more value for delegators it might be a more profitable long-term Niche to focus on and maybe you might even consider asking your clients where they fall on that graph before signing them up so if you found any value here whatsoever to make sure to hit that like button hit subscribe and turn on post notifications for more videos just like this one every single week until next time thank you [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @rosskline [3 likes]: Not a niche... But great info nonetheless!
  2. @tonyg2547 [3 likes]: Excellent video man - I’m an FA in Cleveland Ohio been following you for a couple years now great job very good content keep it up 💯
  3. @tonygarassino4640 [3 likes]: Great video, Josh. The explanation with the graphs make total sense!
  4. @NyxalOG [2 likes]: I'm highly considering a future in Financial Advising and I'd like to know your opinion on the app Acorns (potential video idea?). Love your videos and the insight and wisdom into the FA world. Keep up the great work!
  5. @alanaschlichting9460 [2 likes]: Hi Josh 

Just wanted to pop on here and say 
DAMN YOU ARE FIIIIINE. 
Enjoy looking at you 

Thanks. Have a great day
  6. @WhisperingDucky [2 likes]: Hi Josh thanks for the great video and welcome back! I love these videos as I get to learn other insights from different advisers around the world and use some of that in my daily life. Keep up the great content all the way from New Zealand!
  7. @TylerF.MSF_FA [1 likes]: Absolutely excellent video. I loved this, and it's so right!
  8. @dchitra [1 likes]: nice video, what tool are you using to do that graph?
  9. @finesttouch_ [1 likes]: What do you think about primerica?
  10. @fostermartens5564 [1 likes]: No case on your iPhone?? You must be an aggressive investor! Lol. Would love to see a video with a value log quantifying what we do for clients. I have this conversation sometimes when onboarding new clients, but would be curious to hear your version.
  11. @ChristopherChiu [1 likes]: Hey Josh, just found your channel yesterday and already started binging as this is a new career for me.  Your videos are super helpful so thank you for your time & energy.  Already sub'd and put on notifications :)
  12. @Grayzful [1 likes]: Super insightful. Thanks for sharing Josh
  13. @kenyadavis9003: Thanks for information
  14. @stephen9546: I have a borderline reckless model ive always been curious about. But .1% passive management fee and then offer a 1 & 2% active strategy only if they are qualified and understand the risks. Hopefully down the line I can start driving alpha and focusing on that crowd that wants to allocate some of their nest to active/aggressive
  15. @FullyDeployed: How about a niche in digital assets and alternative investments (real estate crypto etc)
  16. @FittingIsntIt: I've got some money and would like to Invest in stock market or some advise.
  17. @RyanGriffithLLC: What great content.  Where are you and your new videos?  I’m getting into the industry and consuming info.
  18. @Videognostics: Hi Josh, great content, as always, but I wanted to ask you what did you use to draw on that comes up as a black screen with red and green markers?
  19. @Lazaven: This is very great and relatable content as a new ChFC  this struck a chord with me as I just landed my first Sam recently thank goodness I have no Bobs and thanks to your video I can avoid working with them if at all possible. 😂
  20. @valimea245: You sure provide value 🤗 very easy to understand, thanks

- Financial Planners Explained in 3 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en-US Paying someone to manage your money seems like an oxymoron, but sometimes it’s the best decision you can make. If making large financial decisions overwhelms you or you worry you aren’t making the right choices, it might be time to get an objective opinion. A financial planner can help steer you in the right direction if you are learning how to invest, plan for retirement, or need general guidance on allocating your financial resources. A financial planner is a financial professional who helps you make sense of your finances. They can help you assess your current financial situation and plan your future financials. Unfortunately, financial planners aren’t just a one-size-fits-all approach. Some financial planners focus on investments, others on taxes, and some on helping clients make sense of their current finances, including getting out of debt. No matter your reason for using a financial planner, they all work as fiduciaries. They operate in your best interest and not to secure higher commissions for themselves. They help you get from where you’re at to where you want to be financially by setting goals and showing you the steps to reach them. Here are a few examples of how financial planners can help: ● Saving for retirement ● Saving for college ● Buying a house ● Minimizing your tax liability ● Estate Management Like any service, always know what they charge before you agree to use their services. Financial planners charge for their services, but usually in different ways, including: ● Percentage of assets under management ● Flat fee ● Per hour ● Quarterly fee Now let’s look at the different types of financial planners. Robo-advisors are automated advisors. A computer system creates a portfolio based on your inputs and manages it for you. You pay a small fee, usually zero-point two five percent of assets under management, for the service and get a hands-off approach to investing without paying high commission fees. Robo-advisors have low minimum deposit requirements, making it easy for anyone to invest. Most robo-advisors offer taxable and retirement account options. Online financial planning services are a hybrid between a robo-advisor and a human advisor. You get the benefit of lower fees but with access to a human advisor as needed. Usually, the robo-advisor does the portfolio planning and managing, but the human advisor tweaks the portfolio based on your conversations. Local financial planners are your traditional You visit a financial planner in person or sometimes online, talk about your financial situation, short-term, and long-term goals, and then create a financial plan. Fees are much higher for financial planners, but you get the ‘human touch’ when creating and managing your portfolio. When working with a financial planner make sure they are licensed and have a good reputation. You may be asking yourself if it’s safe to work with a financial planner. After all, you’re handing control of your money to someone you don’t necessarily know. It is important to research and interview different financial planners before you decide to work with one. Clearly understand the fees, requirements, and review their credentials or speak to some of their current clients if you can. This will only help you save money and time. Thousands of Americans rely on financial planners to hit their money goals and plan for the future. So, you aren’t alone. Just understand it may take some time before you find a financial planner you trust and get along with. Let’s review what we just covered. If you’re like most people and don’t know where to start when managing your finances or perhaps feel like you aren’t making the right decisions, consult with a financial planner. You have many options from a robo-advisor to a full-fledged Certified Financial Planner and everything in between. Think about your goals, what you can spend, and how much help you want before choosing one. If you liked this video, then make sure to hit the like button, subscribe, and join us every week as we break down personal finance topics in plain English.

  Top Comments:
  1. @drew2484 [4 likes]: Great overview!
  2. @naveen_conqueror [2 likes]: Very nice y r a good job 👍👍👍👍
  3. @SarinVoss [1 likes]: Erfolg beginnt mit der richtigen Strategie. 💼 #SarinVoss #SmartMoves #BigResults

- The Ultimate Beginner's Guide to FP&A - Financial Planning & Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en-US Did you know that FP&A is one of&nbsp; the most common career paths to CFO? Now before we get ahead of ourselves,&nbsp; there’s a lot of misconceptions and&nbsp;&nbsp; confusion about what FP&A is and so having&nbsp; worked as a financial analyst myself,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m going to tell you exactly what&nbsp; Financial Planning and Analysis is, and go&nbsp;&nbsp; through everything you need to know as a&nbsp; beginner looking to get into the industry. I will first provide a brief overview of what&nbsp; FP&A is, then go over key responsibilities of&nbsp;&nbsp; a finance analyst, the skills required,&nbsp; the corporate structure of the team,&nbsp;&nbsp; compensation, work-life balance, exit&nbsp; opportunities, and education requirements. Hello and welcome back to the channel.&nbsp; If you’re new here, my name is Andrew&nbsp;&nbsp; and I’m a certified public accountant (CPA) and&nbsp; former financial analyst, and on this channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; we explore data-driven strategies to&nbsp; help us achieve financial independence. Alright, so what is Financial Planning & Analysis? 1. FP&A is a set of planning, forecasting,&nbsp; budgeting, and analytical activities&nbsp;&nbsp; that support a company's major business&nbsp; decisions and overall financial health.&nbsp; 2. Most companies, no matter the industry, have&nbsp; an FP&A department that supports the company’s&nbsp;&nbsp; strategic goals and helps the CFO, CEO, and&nbsp; other key executives make informed decisions. To use an analogy, if a car represents a company,&nbsp; FP&A assumes the roles of the headlights (to&nbsp;&nbsp; let you know where you’re headed), the&nbsp; steering wheel (to navigate direction),&nbsp;&nbsp; the seatbelt (to protect you if things go&nbsp; wrong), and the GPS (to analyze various&nbsp;&nbsp; routes or scenarios and come up with the best&nbsp; option to reach your desired destination). Essentially, FP&A provides strategic&nbsp; direction, ensures financial stability,&nbsp;&nbsp; and drives sustainable growth for a company. So how do FP&A professionals&nbsp; actually achieve this? 1. Budgeting and Forecasting: FP&A professionals&nbsp; are responsible for creating and managing the&nbsp;&nbsp; company’s annual budget and monthly forecasts.&nbsp; This involves analyzing historical data,&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding market and business trends,&nbsp; and collaborating with various departments,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as sales, marketing, and operations, to&nbsp; forecast future financial performance. During&nbsp;&nbsp; my time as a financial analyst, I was responsible&nbsp; for forecasting sales for one of the company’s&nbsp;&nbsp; revenue channels based on our pipeline, business&nbsp; trends, contract negotiations with customers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and data-driven analytics. Budgets and&nbsp; forecasts are done for all line items on&nbsp;&nbsp; the P&L and are often completed at lower levels&nbsp; of detail such as by business unit, product&nbsp;&nbsp; line, or business division. Accurate budgeting and&nbsp; forecasting are crucial for enabling the proactive&nbsp;&nbsp; management of revenue, expenses, and cash flow. 2. Financial Modeling: Financial analysts&nbsp;&nbsp; build dynamic financial models to simulate&nbsp; different scenarios and predict the impact of&nbsp;&nbsp; various business decisions. These models help in&nbsp; identifying risks as well as growth opportunities.&nbsp;&nbsp; As a former financial analyst, I built several&nbsp; scenario-based models in Microsoft Excel,&nbsp;&nbsp; including the company’s 5-year plan,&nbsp; by analyzing historical performance and&nbsp;&nbsp; leveraging realistic growth assumptions to create&nbsp; a base case, best-case, and worst-case scenario&nbsp;&nbsp; for the company’s future financial performance. 3. Variance Analysis: After successfully creating&nbsp;&nbsp; the company’s budget and forecast, financial&nbsp; analysts also compare actual financial results&nbsp;&nbsp; to these benchmarks to identify discrepancies&nbsp; and understand the reasons behind them,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether favorable or unfavorable. This analysis&nbsp; helps identify areas of improvement, cost-saving&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunities, and operational inefficiencies.&nbsp; For example, if revenues for this month come in&nbsp;&nbsp; lower than the budget or forecast, you would&nbsp; need to investigate the reason for this. Were&nbsp;&nbsp; sales volumes for a specific product line&nbsp; lower than expected? or Is the industry as&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole facing headwinds due to macroeconomic&nbsp; factors? It’s important for FP&A professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; to perform variance analysis and investigate&nbsp; the reasons for the unexpected variances.&nbsp; 4. Management Reporting: Preparing regular&nbsp; financial reports and slide decks for management,&nbsp;&nbsp; key executives, and the board of directors&nbsp; provides insights and essential data for&nbsp;&nbsp; decision-making processes. The Management&nbsp; team relies on weekly and monthly reports&nbsp;&nbsp; to assess the financial health of&nbsp; the company, evaluate performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and make informed strategic decisions. 5. Strategic Planning: FP&A professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; regularly collaborate with senior&nbsp; management to develop long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; strategic plans and initiatives. They&nbsp; provide financial analysis and insights&nbsp;&nbsp; to support strategic decision-making and ensure&nbsp; alignment with organizational goals. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if a company wanted to focus more on a&nbsp; direct-to-consumer model instead of wholesale,&nbsp;&nbsp; the FP&A team would analyze consumer data&nbsp; and forecast how this shift in strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; would impact sales volume, profit margin, etc. 6. Capital Allocation: Assessing investment&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunities and recommending the allocation&nbsp; of resources to projects or initiatives is&nbsp;&nbsp; another responsibility of the FP&A team. This&nbsp; involves evaluating the potential returns of&nbsp;&nbsp; larger projects as well as the potential risks&nbsp; associated with them, often referred to as a&nbsp;&nbsp; cost-benefit analysis. Whether it's evaluating&nbsp; investment proposals, pricing strategies,&nbsp;&nbsp; or expansion plans, FP&A helps stakeholders make&nbsp; informed decisions based on data and analytics.&nbsp; 7. Performance Analysis: FP&A professionals also&nbsp; spend time analyzing the financial performance&nbsp;&nbsp; of different business units, products, or regions&nbsp; to identify areas of strength and weakness. This&nbsp;&nbsp; includes profitability analysis, cost analysis,&nbsp; performance metrics tracking, and more. These&nbsp;&nbsp; types of analyses help in optimizing resource&nbsp; allocation and improving overall profitability. Depending on your role within the FP&A team,&nbsp;&nbsp; you may be in charge of all, a few, or&nbsp; just one of these key responsibilities. Now when it comes to the necessary skills&nbsp; required, to excel as a financial analyst,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to develop a good mix of both&nbsp; technical and soft skills. You have to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to read and truly understand a&nbsp; company’s financial statements — which&nbsp;&nbsp; are&nbsp;balance sheets,&nbsp;cash flow statements,&nbsp;income&nbsp; statements, and in the case of public companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; shareholders’ equity statements. A good analyst&nbsp; not only understands the meaning and implications&nbsp;&nbsp; of each individual financial statement, but also&nbsp; sees the larger picture of how a company’s total&nbsp;&nbsp; financial position is reflected by the combination&nbsp; of assets, liabilities, cash flow, and income.&nbsp;&nbsp; Proficiency in Microsoft Excel is also required&nbsp; as Excel is a fundamental tool in budgeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; forecasting, and financial modeling and is also&nbsp; often used for data analysis and creating reports.&nbsp;&nbsp; Experience with Business intelligence tools&nbsp; like Tableau and Power BI are also preferred,&nbsp;&nbsp; as these tools help with data visualization and&nbsp; make it easier to analyze larger amounts of data.&nbsp;&nbsp; Strong analytical skills are also desired in order&nbsp; to effectively interpret financial data, identify&nbsp;&nbsp; trends, and make sound financial decisions.&nbsp; And lastly, soft skills like the ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; communicate complex financial information in a&nbsp; clear and concise way is another essential skill. Now the corporate structure of the FP&A team&nbsp; can vary drastically depending on the size of&nbsp;&nbsp; the company. In an early start-up or small&nbsp; business, the entire FP&A team can be made&nbsp;&nbsp; up of just the owner, CFO, or controller. On&nbsp; the other hand, larger companies have a more&nbsp;&nbsp; complete FP&A department, usually headed by&nbsp; either a Director of Financial Planning and&nbsp;&nbsp; Analysis or by the company’s Chief Financial&nbsp; Officer (CFO). In the largest corporations,&nbsp;&nbsp; the team consists of both, with the Director&nbsp; of Financial Planning and Analysis reporting&nbsp;&nbsp; to the CFO. Now in a company with a large FP&A&nbsp; department, entry-level financial analysts work&nbsp;&nbsp; in small teams managed by a finance manager or&nbsp; director. In the largest, Fortune 500 companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; entry-level financial analysts often focus on&nbsp; one single product line or division. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you work as a financial analyst at Google,&nbsp; you may be hired into the YouTube, Android,&nbsp;&nbsp; or Google Cloud finance team and produce&nbsp; all the relevant analyses and reports for&nbsp;&nbsp; that specific business unit. When looking at&nbsp; employment opportunities as a financial analyst,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s important to consider what sort of role and&nbsp; environment you’d be happiest and most comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; in. Some people prefer a large corporation&nbsp; with clearly established career paths and the&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity to gradually climb the corporate&nbsp; ladder at a well-established company. Others&nbsp;&nbsp; prefer helping a start-up or smaller company&nbsp; navigate its way toward rapid growth, even if it&nbsp;&nbsp; requires wearing a lot more hats when it comes to&nbsp; job responsibilities. Now in addition to working&nbsp;&nbsp; closely with other members of the FP&A team,&nbsp; as I previously touched on earlier, financial&nbsp;&nbsp; analysts work closely with various stakeholders&nbsp; across the organization including other business&nbsp;&nbsp; units such as the product, marketing,&nbsp; and operations teams to support financial&nbsp;&nbsp; planning and decision-making as well as provide&nbsp; insights and recommendations to senior leaders. When it comes to compensation, the pay&nbsp; for financial analyst roles can vary&nbsp;&nbsp; substantially depending on factors such&nbsp; as the company size, industry, location,&nbsp;&nbsp; and years of experience. Larger companies often&nbsp; pay more than smaller companies as they often&nbsp;&nbsp; also offer RSUs (Restricted stock units) or stock&nbsp; options as additional forms of compensation beyond&nbsp;&nbsp; base pay. In regards to industry, the tech&nbsp; and financial services sectors often offer&nbsp;&nbsp; above-average compensation. For location,&nbsp; larger cities like New York, Los Angeles,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Chicago generally offer higher salaries to&nbsp; offset the higher cost of living in those areas.&nbsp;&nbsp; And obviously, your compensation increases the&nbsp; more senior you get, both in terms of base pay&nbsp;&nbsp; and other forms of compensation like equity,&nbsp; bonuses, and other benefits. Speaking of bonuses,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are usually dependent on both the company’s&nbsp; profits as well as your individual impact on the&nbsp;&nbsp; company and generally ranges between 5-15%&nbsp; of your salary at the entry-level position. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics,&nbsp; the median annual pay for financial analysts&nbsp;&nbsp; was just under $100,00, with&nbsp; the lowest 10 percent earning&nbsp;&nbsp; just less than $61,000 and the highest 10&nbsp; percent earning just more than $175,000. Since this is a very broad range, I also just&nbsp; wanted to share specific salary ranges that I&nbsp;&nbsp; have seen based on people that I’ve talked to,&nbsp; my own experience as a former financial analyst&nbsp;&nbsp; and other research I’ve conducted - mainly in the&nbsp; Chicagoland area. Entry-level positions in Chicago&nbsp;&nbsp; usually range anywhere from $60,000-$100,000&nbsp; depending on the company and industry,&nbsp;&nbsp; although there can be outliers. At the senior&nbsp; level (usually after 2-4 years of experience),&nbsp;&nbsp; the salary can progress to anywhere between&nbsp; $80,000 to $150,000. Beyond that, you start&nbsp;&nbsp; to get into higher positions such as finance&nbsp; managers, finance directors, and VP’s of finance,&nbsp;&nbsp; but estimating those compensation levels becomes&nbsp; a lot more ambiguous as bonus structures, equity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other forms of additional compensation&nbsp; vary drastically between companies. When it comes to work-life balance, it can vary&nbsp; slightly by the culture of the company you work&nbsp;&nbsp; for and the volatility of the industry you’re in.&nbsp; There are spikes in workload during the budgeting&nbsp;&nbsp; season, which if the company you work for follows&nbsp; a calendar year, will generally be from August to&nbsp;&nbsp; December. However, even with budget season,&nbsp; you can expect to work on average 40-50 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; within most financial analyst positions which&nbsp; is a much better work-life balance than many&nbsp;&nbsp; other finance careers. In fact, that is often&nbsp; one of the main selling points, even for me. In terms of potential exit opportunities,&nbsp; there’s a good amount of disagreement about&nbsp;&nbsp; the range of existing opportunities coming&nbsp; from corporate FP&A. A majority of corporate&nbsp;&nbsp; FP&A analysts remain in the industry and climb&nbsp; the corporate ladder within their own company or&nbsp;&nbsp; by moving to another company that offers higher&nbsp; pay. Approximately 10% of corporate financial&nbsp;&nbsp; analysts eventually transition themselves into&nbsp; the fields of either&nbsp;investment banking or&nbsp;private&nbsp;&nbsp; equity. Another 10% move into some other area of&nbsp; corporate management, such as sales and marketing&nbsp;&nbsp; or human resources. And actually, about 20% of&nbsp; financial analysts end up going into business&nbsp;&nbsp; for themselves, becoming private business&nbsp; consultants or starting their own companies. With all that being said, to work&nbsp; in an FP&A department to begin with,&nbsp;&nbsp; you typically need to have a bachelor’s&nbsp; degree in finance, accounting, or another&nbsp;&nbsp; related field. So be sure to click on this video&nbsp; here to learn more about the differences between&nbsp;&nbsp; a degree in finance and accounting, as well as&nbsp; other career opportunities available with each&nbsp;&nbsp; degree. That’s all for this video, thank you all&nbsp; for watching and I’ll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BotheGhita [182 likes]: I am 53 and retired at 50. One  thing I did do to retire early was to get out of the 401K and IRA programs.  Bought rental real-estate and I am now a Limited Partner in about 1500+ units from collaborative efforts in the fund my estate planner has me invested in. I do not work.
  2. @KenTiller-c1n1q [66 likes]: Ha, that bit about managing work-life balance in FP&A got me thinking about my own career switch. I was stuck trying to crack consulting case interviews solo, fumbling with frameworks. Then, The Thinksters came along, and wow, they showed me how to nail structure and not just memorize stuff. That free session was gold back then, though Im out of the loop now. Anyway, results speak for themselves—now Im headed to Bain! Cheers to finding the right support!
  3. @parker4298 [38 likes]: Great video. I have been working as a financial analyst for 2 years now straight out of college and would say this is exactly on par of what is expected. My company uses powerBI as a main tool for sharing data to upper management.
  4. @Perspectiva_Financiera [10 likes]: What a coincidence! I'm watching this video wearing the exact same shirt.

Greetings from Chile
  5. @JohnLoved1984 [7 likes]: Hello, I am a corporate finance analyst specialized in Valuation and I have approximately 2 years of experience in this field (i was involved also in financial due diligence, but it is not my main business line). I am interested in FP&A. Considering my background, what studying material would you suggest me? Please feel free to suggest books, online courses or whatever material you think would be useful for me.
Thank you very much in advance
  6. @VictorCheng-q6u [5 likes]: Although I have never been trained to do FP&A since I take  over the position, my feeling is exactly the was you talked about
  7. @ashishadhikari9975 [3 likes]: Outstanding breakdown of FP&A! As someone looking to transition into finance, this covers exactly what I needed to know about the role responsibilities and skills. The comparison to different team structures by company size was particularly helpful. Thank you for sharing your real-world experience!
  8. @thilakrajb222 [3 likes]: Hi Andrew. 
I just saw your video now when I needed it the most. 
I am an Engineering graduate working in IT. I am planning to pursue my MBA in Finance since the numbers and problems and Analytics excites me. I want to know if i can get a good scope even though my bachelors is from engineering.
  9. @prime9296 [1 likes]: What a great video! I wish I had seen this video earlier.
  10. @YetAnotherHuman2: Is found cfa helpful
  11. @HermannHerbert-c5q: Where Institutional Capital Meets the Future of Crypto - JOIN AND INVEST WITH ECO TRUST BANK
Changing lives
  12. @attivoUK: We have a team of highly qualified people, and have chosen to remain independent as we think clients should have access to unbiased advice and products from the whole of the market.

Our work is all about our clients. By listening and understanding what you want from your future, we can create a carefully tailored financial and life plan.

Whether you’re a private client or a business accessing our corporate services, you can rely on a clear, consistent service from your Financial Planner and across our experienced teams.
  13. @raulgomeso: Foda
  14. @willfsouz: Awesome explanation, such a nice video!!
  15. @PrachiKukadiya-m3z: Hii. Is Master’s in Finance and CPA a good combo for building a career in FP&A?
  16. @jefferyakakpo4904: Could you recommend courses one can take to acquire technical skills you mentioned?
  17. @earl1156: really great and informative video, thank you
  18. @jcriuuss: What course would you take right now in 1. Financial analysis and 2. Financial modeling?
  19. @earlmitchell5642: great video.  Thank you
  20. @opinionnnn: my advice - Leave FP&A as soon as possible, It is one of the shittiest profile i have ever seen nothing to learn work as a slave in US shift timings

- How I Became a Financial Advisor: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys josh ulford back with another video and today i want to tell you guys how you can succeed as a new financial advisor if this is a career that you're pursuing time to think like an investor [Music] if you guys are new to the channel my name is josh i'm obsessed with this idea of financial independence and investing and building wealth if you're interested in those sorts of things make sure to hit subscribe hit like and today i want to talk all about the things that i wish that i knew when i was just getting started as a new financial advisor planner just somebody in the client-facing investment business it's a really intimidating business it's extremely difficult to start i've even heard statistics like you know i have a class of let's say 20 new advisor recruits only five of them will be left after three years it's a very tough business to cut your teeth in and today i want to dive into what i would do if i was starting from scratch if i was starting from brand new in the business today because a lot of you guys are asking about this you're asking what can i do to succeed as a new advisor now when i started doing this channel this isn't something that i thought would come up i didn't think we would see other advisors watching this and trying to learn how to better their business or better themselves i thought it would be mostly retail investors and consumers but today this video is dedicated for you guys so if i were to start to talk about how one person can succeed as a new financial advisor the first thing i would start to think about is what's your overall approach to this whole thing and the reality is is that there's a lot of randomness whenever you're going to try to start a business you're going to try to start some new venture there's always randomness right for instance you could be working with some new client and you're all excited and you have them in the mill and it looks like it's about to become a deal and then it turns out their cousin just got into the business and now they're leaving to go work with their cousin instead this kind of stuff happens all the time so we have to think probabilistically we have to think about what is the best way to increase our odds of succeeding rather than thinking about how is it that we're gonna you know nail every single little variable and try to control everything it's about thinking in probabilities and to me there's really four things that i would seriously focus on if i was doing this all over again to put the odds in my favor the first one is you have to know your stuff i mean that's super basic but you have to know your stuff the second you need to be producing content on the internet it's just it's it's a non-starter it's something you have to do third it's hard because some people are born this way some people aren't but you need to become personable you need to become someone who feels trustworthy and someone that's just likable to be around and i'm not even sure if i'm there yet but that's something that's important lastly you need an insane amount of patience because no matter how well you do in all these areas you're going to have to repeat them over and over and over again for two to three years minimum my number one advantage when i started with this whole thing is that many years prior to actually getting into the business i was reading every single thing i could about investing in finance and economics and all these different areas that are important to know before you get into financial services and before you advise or help other people do this kind of thing themselves so the first thing you need to know a ton and if you guys want to know some of the top books that's all on my website i have a whole section about like finance and investing books that you can go look at you need to be immersing yourself because clients are going to have questions and they're going to want to know why what you're saying is the truth and why they wouldn't have it some other way and why are we investing here instead of there and why do you charge this fee instead of that be you need to have great answers to all these questions so first things first is digesting as much financial content as you can possibly find investing economics personal finance you need to be reading and immersing yourself in it and what i've found is that you're gonna go through all these different licensing exams you're gonna do your investments your insurance your financial planning all these different credentials that you have to get but none of them none of them really teach you the things that you need to know a lot of the best lessons you're going to learn are from the books that you read on your own and the learning that you do on your own it's not going to come from the exams they give you those are really just formalities to make sure that you're passing the grade but the next thing you really want to do is for me this was huge because when i first started i was young i got into the business when i was 19 years old and everybody who was a desirable client was 10 years older than me or much older and what i had to do was find a way to get in front of those people you in this business you're building your own clientele and you get rewarded for bringing in more clients and serving more people the one thing that i found that gave me a massive advantage was taking all the stuff i was reading some investing book or some economics book and i would take the main ideas and i would condense it into a blog post or a podcast i'd put them up on wordpress or on soundcloud and this is really the big thing is you have to get out on the internet you have to start writing you have to start doing videos you have to start podcasting because that gets you in front of so many people you share it on your social media you share it on your business website whatever it is and this just really starts to build trust because people they see what you act like they see what they're getting themselves into they can understand your philosophy a little better so putting yourself out there builds that trust and what you're not trying to do is have someone come across one of your posts and think oh my goodness i'm going to go invest with that guy immediately that's not how it's going to work but if you're consistently showing let's say your whole social media following that you are obsessed with this idea of investing and you love this so much and this whole personal finance thing is your real passion you'll display that by posting over and over again and always trying to provide value and what's going to happen and this happens to this day to me all the time people say josh i just wanted to reach out via text message email whatever it is i have been reading your stuff for two or three years and finally i just decided it was the right time to make a move and i'm like man where were you three years ago when i needed you so bad it's hilarious because you're gonna put all this content out you're gonna put all this energy into producing value on the internet whatever it might be and then only a year later or two years later do those clients who have always been reading your stuff start to build the trust and come uh invest with you and i even had a story i sat down at a starbucks one time and some guys started writing out a check for 200 000 and i was like what the heck first of all we don't take checks second of all don't you want to like hear the spiel don't you want to hear like how uh we invest and he's like no like i've been reading your stuff for two years i know exactly how this goes i've seen how you do it all and i was like wow at that point i really understood the power of like putting yourself out there putting your ideas out into the world and just trying to provide value trying to help other people through blogs podcasts whatever it is that stuff is so easy to do it is so easy to set up on your own but okay now we have a situation where you know your stuff that's great and you're putting yourself out there and over time you're planting seeds and people are gonna start to come and see you but then once you get in front of them everything changes for me the first like 10 20 i don't know meetings as a financial advisor i was red in the face i was super nervous i was stumbling over my words i was trying to like stick to some script but i didn't really know how it was all really unnatural you just have to bust through that you have to repeat repeat repeat and do that over and over again but the big idea here is you need to be a personable you need to be someone who isn't all about business when i sit with a client my main goal is how much fun can we have in this conversation and then fit in some finance stuff on the side you want to be someone i mean the best way to start here is go read that book by what was it called how to win friends and influence people you know call people by their first name show interest in who they are you're really trying to listen to the person and i think the biggest mistake a lot of new advisors make and i made like over and over and i still make it sometimes today is you get so excited about the topic at hand that you talk and you talk and you talk and the person who is receiving that advice is like tuned out because you're just saying all this kinds of stuff and no one really knows where this is going and it's all going over their head it's important to be personable and let the person talk so if we're in a position now where we know our stuff and we have people coming to us and we're personable enough we've gone through that pain of those first like 10 or 20 really bad meetings and we're starting to become more ourself that's fantastic that's great i think by doing those three things you are really maximizing the odds of success that you're going to have but the last thing that you're missing is that you need to repeat this stuff for year after year after year after year right if you are going to be doing this career you are not going to have success in the first year you are not going to have success even in the second year and i can even pull this up for you here when i was starting the business i had the exact amount after my first year i had 800 000 under management that was the size of my book 800 000 and if you don't know much about this business that is nothing that is tiny um that is the size of one client nowadays for for for us at least that is absolutely crazy and the reality in that year my first client i took had 500 bucks and they were going to add 25 a month that was my first client 500 up front 25 every month like i was so excited to get that client i was like yes somebody trusts me but that was gonna generate like five dollars a year in fees for me so that was no way uh to actually make a living in year two i got to 2 million in assets under management so we went from 800 000 to 2 million okay so still not nearly enough to live off of you know i'd have to be doing like insurance or mortgages or financial planning fees or other stuff just to survive and then year three we got to a little under 5 million and then year four we got to eight million and now we're sitting around ten so it's this slow grind of this growth process and you need to be repeating these things over and over always learning more stuff always producing more content online even this youtube channel i never expected i mean i thought it might happen but the goal was never to get clients for my business this is just kind of a fun passion project and if youtube becomes a side income awesome but we have had so many different clients come to us because of this youtube channel like that's even just case in point this stuff works and then obviously being personable getting better at honing your people skills in those meetings and getting better at communicating what it is that you're really helping them do and then repeating those three things over and over and over for minimum two years and don't give up until three and if you can do those things i am almost sure of it your life will for sure change you might not become the most successful advisor ever but you are at least stacking the odds of the probabilities in your favor that you are going to have a lot of success so for all of you guys who are reaching out asking what i would recommend for a new financial advisor those are really my three things my four things i would really invest in doing all of those so thank you so much for taking the time to watch this video if you got any value on it if you enjoyed it please hit that like button for our youtube algorithm and make sure to subscribe for more videos just like this one every single week until next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrunoLuke [209 likes]: Nobody can become financially successful overnight. They put in background work but we tend to see the finished part. Fear is a dangerous component, hindering us from taking the bold steps we need in other to reach our goals.
  2. @Greggsberdard [139 likes]: Emotions aren't useful when assisting with financial planning. Being ethical and analytical is crucial. I believe the retirement crisis will worsen. Many struggle to save due to low wages, inflation, and high rental costs. With homeownership out of reach for the middle class, they may not have a home to retire in either.
  3. @ЕгорШиряев-я4м [124 likes]: Exactly. A good financial advisor or coach doesn’t just tell you what to buy—they help you build a strategy that fits your situation. I made a lot of emotional decisions before I started working with one, and it cost me.
  4. @JordanM8 [2 likes]: You got into hot water with compliance again which is why you stopped making videos didn't you?
  5. @angellistheshit [1 likes]: What’s the best content to read to get informed? I have my licenses but I’m not in an advisor role. Thanks
  6. @RyanGriffithLLC [1 likes]: Josh.  Where did you go?  I love this channel!!!!!
  7. @MarshonFisher: Great content
  8. @JenniferLeffingwell-p8q: Sell.phyzer and Ellie Lilly duhhh bzzzzzzz 🐝🌹🍑🦋🐝🐝🐝 haaaaaa stung yas
  9. @stephen9546: Honestly if you didn’t love the markets before considering this career. Don’t go into it
  10. @Monoceratops_400: "Financial advisors" are opportunistic men who insert themselves into the lives of idiots who can't handle their own moneys.
  11. @mikez2311: starting at 39
  12. @caravibrajwasi: Nice
  13. @radfrenchies11.11: I couldn't find the books on your website
  14. @jacobsolomon427: What firm are you with?
  15. @vigo5827: Hi Josh, where is the link for the books you recommended?
  16. @TheDesertVulture: Hello, what are the top books?
  17. @briandarzev8535: Why do you not show up on FINRA
  18. @savagecontent8712: advisor at north western complete bs?
  19. @tylerwelch5255: I have a bachelor’s degree. Can’t even get a job at Waffle House.  Being personable/ likable is the hardest trait to have. You can’t control how people perceive you. This is for basically every job that’s what’s crazy. Only a fraction of people could become successful doing this
  20. @RoyalsAmbitions: How did find a good company to work for ?

- How I’d Start a YouTube Channel in 2026 (If I Had to Start Over): Kind: captions Language: en So, when I first started making videos on YouTube, I was honestly clueless as to what the strategy for my channel would be. I just posted random videos. I changed topics constantly. I also thought that buying better gear was going to just make my videos succeed and look better, but it wasn't. And now, if I could go back and start my channel over completely from scratch, I would do things so differently. So, in this video, I'm going to give you eight tips that I wish somebody gave me when I was first starting my YouTube channel. So, the first couple tips of this video have to deal with strategy and mindset tips. And the first tip is to niche down first and then expand your channel idea a little bit later. So, the mistake that I made was that I was just making a bunch of random videos hoping that something would take off and that I could just sort of make like videos about one thing one day and other things the next day and that I could just put these all under the brand of my name, Craig, and that people would just like all of the content, even if it was like not related to each other at all. And let me tell you that could not be further from the truth. That strategy did not work and I had to get clear on my channel topic. A phrase you maybe have heard is that riches are in the niches. And wait, do you say niche or niche? Riches in the niches? Reich is in the niches. I don't I don't know. But I think the essence of that saying is really true and that if you can focus at least at first on a specific target audience, it's going to be a lot easier to figure out who you're making videos for and what your next video should even be to begin with. And if you want to visualize this a little bit, if I was starting a channel today, I would try to look for the intersection of my passion, proficiency, and profit. So passion being what I'm passionate about, what I love talking about, and is just like the overflow of what I enjoy. And then proficiency would be what do I actually have experience in, and what can I speak to out of my authority? And then the profit piece is if you're wanting to think through YouTube as more of a business model. And we'll talk about that a little bit later. So, you want to find the intersection of where what's profitable, what could you make money on, what are you good at talking about, and what are you passionate about. The second thing I wish I would have done differently is to document more than I just create. And what I mean by that is I think there's this pressure for YouTubers to feel like they have to be an expert on whatever their channel topic is about. And that is not really the case. You can be more of what's called like a guide instead of a guru. Be a guide, not a guru is a phrase that we've heard here at Think Media. And I think it's very true. A phrase that I heard one time was that you're perfectly positioned to help the person that you were about one year ago or two years ago. So you don't have to be like seven years down the road from somebody and you have all this life experience. And if that is you, great. Like you're going to be able to help a lot of people. But don't feel the pressure if you're a beginning creator and you're just starting your channel to feel like you have to have all the answers for whatever your niche is about. Like if I was starting like gardening, like my wife and I just planted some flowers in our front yard and I might say like I think they look pretty good. And if I wanted to start a gardening channel, I would be so far behind so many people who have already built up their channels and have huge authority, but I would actually be perfectly positioned to speak to people who are just starting out. And a lot of those other, you know, bigger YouTubers might not be making videos that speak to people who just planted their first flowers like yesterday. But if I wanted to start making videos about gardening, I could just sort of document the process and share my journey and my findings. And that would be a great way to start making videos and not feel the burden to have to be an expert. But I can more just share my experience as to what I'm learning through my YouTube journey. All right, these next couple tips center around content and the production of content. And the first thing that I would do differently is I would focus on posting one video per week. And I would make this non-negotiable. A big mistake that I made at the beginning was very inconsistent uploads. And we often see this from our Think Media students as well and our viewers. A lot of you struggle with consistent posting. And we find that the best way is to just put it on the calendar. What day is your shooting day? What day is your editing day? And when are you going to upload the video? And this is going to build trust with yourself to know that I can do this thing. Like I'm going to put it on the calendar. I'm going to make it a priority. This is really important. It also builds trust with YouTube and they see that you're a consistent creator and YouTube is going to reward that consistency. and your audience is also going to get used to you publishing on a more frequent basis. Being consistent with your upload schedule is honestly one of the biggest hacks. People will tell you about all these hacks to grow on YouTube. Truly, the biggest hack is to just be consistent. Post one or two videos a week and you definitely will start seeing some growth. Another production tip that I wish somebody would have told me was to just shoot with what I already have instead of waiting for the moment that I find like the perfect camera or the perfect YouTube backdrop and sound treatment my room. All these things that I was so focused on at the beginning of my content creation journey, I was like, I got to get my space dialed in. I got to get my battle station set up. These are all things that are great. They're awesome. They're really cool, but not if it's going to be placed in front of you actually getting content produced and publishing videos out for the world to see. So truly, if you've got a modern cell phone and you're not on like the sidekick with like the flippy swivel screen or like the Razer, I love those razors, by the way. I mean, bring back the Razer 20 #205. bring back razors. I'm here for it. But if you got a modern cell phone, you got a high quality camera that is ready to shoot 4K video. It actually has a pretty good microphone on it as well. You could just start with using your phone. And we have countless viewers and students who actually use their phone entirely for their YouTube workflow and their videos look great. And if you're just ready to punch fear in the face and start up your YouTube channel with the gear that you already have, then you should check out our YouTube Jumpstart event happening in just a few days. It's a free event. It's 3 days long. We're going to go live each day and teach you in-depth strategies for YouTube growth and monetization this year. So, there's going to be giveaways, prizes, and awesome sessions taught by the one and only Sean Kel. He's my boss. What can I say? That's that's pretty cool. So, you're not going to want to miss this event. You can actually sign up at this link right here on screen or at the link down in the description below. Now, shifting gears into some channel growth and optimization strategies. The first thing that I would do differently is I would focus so much more on my titles and thumbnails. For me personally, looking back at my channel, I would focus so much on the idea and the production of the video and the editing of the video and making sure that it looks so perfect and polished. And I would spend very little time on my title and my thumbnail. The thumbnail would usually be like the very last thing that I would do and it's just sort of like an afterthought. And then the title would usually be like the first thing that came to mind, like Sony A73i camera review 2024. And it's like, well, there's 300 other people who are making that video. It's not really positioned to succeed very well. And if I could go back, I would reverse that whole strategy. I would focus fully on the title and the thumbnail first before I start making the video. What is my exact title going to be? And who am I going to reach with this specific title? And what's the thumbnail that's going to reinforce that package? And right there is a winning strategy. You are going to see way more success out of your videos if you focus on reversing what most people do. Think about your title and your thumbnail first before you start filming your video. I guarantee you if you just try this for your next video, you're going to realize like, oh man, like the video aligns so much more with the thumbnail and it's just going to feel like a more cohesive video package. And then the next thing that I would do if I could start over is to not obsess at all over subscribers for at least the first year. This is a huge error that I made at the beginning. I was just so focused on like where are my subscribers? How do I get subscribers? I'd watch all the hack videos. I would actually start watching Think Media videos ironically about like how do you grow your channel and get more subscribers? And I was so focused on the subscribers when I should have been measuring other data which actually is important for creating subscribers. Things like your click-through rate, like how often are people actually clicking on my videos? Are my click-through rates really high? Are they really low? And most of them were really low because I had poor video packages. Also, my average view duration wasn't that good. And there's things that you could do with better storytelling and better techniques to drive retention and help people stick around for longer portions of the video. I also could have experimented with having longer videos that are 20 or 30 minutes in length to drive that total average view duration upwards, which YouTube loves to see people on the platforms for longer periods of times. So, I was not monitoring any of these stats. I was only focused on subscribers and views. And the truth is, subscribers are just a result of having better click-through rates and good average view duration and good video retention and storytelling techniques. These are all things I wish I would have focused more on instead of trying to refresh my home feed to see how many subscribers I was at. That was a big mistake on my part. Now, these last couple tips have to deal with long-term channel growth and health. And the first would be to start building an email list as early as possible. I wish somebody would have told me this. I did not know anything about building email lists. And you might be thinking to yourself, email? Like, who uses email still? Like, my grandma will like send me an email every once in a while and I think it's super weird. I get you. I get you. But it's really important to think about building an email list because if you're putting all of your trust in the YouTube platform and algorithm, while we do love YouTube, I mean, we're Think Media, like we we preach YouTube is the king of social platforms, the problem with YouTube is YouTube is what we call a rented audience. You don't actually own your YouTube channel. YouTube owns your YouTube channel. And you're only like a couple copyright strikes away from losing your entire channel. And we know people who have lost their channel or have been in danger of losing their channel, like really close to losing it, and they would have lost like six, seven figure businesses by losing their channel. It's actually a really scary thing. And the benefit of having an email list as early as possible, is that you now have what's called an owned audience. These are people that you directly have access to. You have their email address and you're able to send them products directly, product links, video links. You can sell them on course offerings. You can send them your next podcast upload. There's so many things you can do with this audience that you own. You have a direct connection to, and you're not relying on that distribution of content from another platform like Instagram or YouTube. So, when I got serious about actually growing an email list, in about 6 months, I grew an email list from zero to 10,000 people by just about seven good social media posts with good calls to actions. And then three YouTube videos where I integrated some calls to action in the YouTube videos. So, zero to 10,000 email subscribers in about 6 months by just getting serious about growing an email list. And here at Think Media, we use email all the time for mass communication to our audience as well as to pitch them different products or offerings that are happening that quarter. And that brings me to the last thing that I wish somebody would have told me before starting my channel, which is to think of YouTube more like a business and not just like I'm doing YouTube as a content creator. The issue for me at the start was I had no knowledge of how to make money on YouTube and how to become a successful YouTuber. I just thought that if you start uploading videos and making videos, you'll just grow a bunch of subscribers and all of a sudden you'll start making a bunch of YouTube ad revenue and life is going to be good. I'll tell you the truth, that did not happen. Firstly, I wish somebody would have told me not to rely on YouTube ad revenue alone and that you really are going to need to diversify your revenue streams if you want to succeed on YouTube. You cannot rely on AdSense. AdSense is going to fluctuate up and down and it's not going to be very consistent. But if you can have different products or services that you could offer, that is going to lead to better long-term health for you as a creator. I also eventually started leveling up my education and reading business books and strategy books. Actually, wait. So, here are four books that were just sitting on my shelf that I've read recently. Hookpoint by Brendan Kaine. Such a great book about how to hook viewers for your videos. The Guide to Going Viral, also by Brendan Kane. He's not sponsoring us to say this. I just love his content. YouTube Secrets, which if you're a fan of the channel, you've heard of YouTube Secrets. This is our book and we're actually giving it away for free this year. All you got to do is pay for shipping and we'll link that down in the description below how you can get this book for free. And then Day Trading Attention by Gary Veaynerchuk. And people say that I sound like Gary Vee. Do I sound like Gary Vee? Let me know in the comments. Do am I a voice friend? Me and Gary? Are we voice friends? I'm going to literally get Russian hackers to destroy your life. So truly leveling up my education and reading business and strategy books has helped me so much understand the business behind starting a YouTube channel and that it's not solely just about making videos. Now, if some of this conversation inspires you, you should definitely check out the best strategies to start making money on YouTube this year. It's a podcast that I did with one of our other content creators, Nate. So, check that out. I'll see you over there and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [56 likes]: What is your biggest take away from the tips shared? Let me know in the comments!👇🏼
⭐ Check out our FREE YouTube growth class that reveals 3 essential secrets we're using in 2025 to get more views, subscribers, and income—watch here 👉 http://www.TubeJumpstart.com
  2. @Zx6r_ty [1 likes]: Just started my Motovlog channel! I know starting off videos will be ehhhh but it can only go up! Keep pushing guys!!!
  3. @gkmartian [1 likes]: Thanks for the advice that really helped.
  4. @veritevivante: How are you  ?
Can you mail the  book to  grow  on you tube  please  ?
Thank you
  5. @Playworld-b5c: Relaxing indeed!
  6. @VileVisionshaunt: My problem is I have a few areas of niche I want to do, a few related, a few entirely unrelated, I could maybe get all them into 2 categories of channel, but it doesn’t seem like two channels right away is a good strategy either. I don’t know if I have enough ideals to produce quick with singular niches.
  7. @MKhan-g1u9y: edit your videos with us
  8. @kronvaultX: This is channel number nine for me… uploaded my first video and stuck at 5 views! HERE WE GO AGAIN 😅
  9. @MPW-u8s: Do you have an E-Book. You can't ship to my country sadly.
  10. @beniciomoviesph: Hug a new creator
  11. @1louieluciano712: U Do Sound Like Gary Vee 😂😂😂💯
  12. @reginaldanglin4264: Yea you have to pay.  I wanted to join, so that i  can learn how to start a channel.  Your asking for a credit card.
  13. @TheRealBigCharles: My problem is I'm always in my most creative mood when I'm sitting in my truck at work. Then when I get home I can't seem to gather the energy and drive to film what I wanted to. I've got a few cars laying around id like to build a channel around as I work on them.
  14. @Tabeat-g6z: Thanks
  15. @WbCb1314: I feel like I’m doing stuff pretty good but my videos just aren’t doing good
  16. @AverageJoeCreates: Simple, practical advice. Perfect.
  17. @policy_profit_usa: I came for entertainment, but stayed for the ending 🤩😄😁
  18. @leokimvideo: Ive been on YouTube 20 years, from what I have learned over that time I would not start over because the machine is always set against the creators, especially form 2014 onwards.
  19. @austinbaylorperry: I just started my YouTube journey and am a small creator. I am a recovering drug addict that lived homeless the last 4 years. I am now clean and trying to help others do the same or stay on the path of sobriety with my channel. Any support would be absolutely incredible ❤ sending love to anyone reading this
  20. @Pridetuggu: This was nothing short of fantastic!

- How Much Money YouTube Paid Me After 1000 Subscribers (My First 90 Days as a Monetized Creator): Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to share with you how much money YouTube paid me after reaching 1,000 subscribers on my channel and being monetized for a full 90 days. Now the amounts were not jaw-dropping, but they did catch me offguard and it might do the same for you. So in this video, I'm going to show you what it took to get there, which videos made money, which ones didn't, and I'm going to break down everything I've earned through the YouTube partner program over the last 90 days. When I first started this channel, one of my core values was to be as open and transparent as possible regarding everything I'm learning about growing on YouTube. and that includes breaking down what smaller creators earn, both good or bad, so that newer folks out there can get a really good idea of what to expect and what's possible. Now, if you're new here, I started my channel back in July of 2024. And at that time, I didn't have any experience with video editing, with cameras, with YouTube in general, or the algorithm. And at the time, I was still working my 9 toive job, a company I'd been with for almost two decades. And I was just trying to squeeze YouTube in when and where I could. It took me a full 4 months to reach my 1,000 subscribers and then another 2 months after that to reach the 4,000 watchtime hours I would need for AdSense monetization. But here's what was interesting is I actually didn't earn my first dollars from ads. The first money I earned through YouTube was through a super chat during my very first live stream. And this was actually a really cool moment for me because it was the first time someone supported my work in this way. And it was just a gentle reminder that I was actually on the right track. For the purposes of this video, I will be breaking out everything YouTube partner program related, AdSense, super chats, and channel memberships. This way, you get the full picture. And speaking of complete picture, the full 6 months that I mentioned that it took me to reach that milestone, that included uploading 50 videos, I earned 61,000 total views in that time. And by the time I reached that 4,000 watchtime hour mark, I was already closer to 3,000 subscribers on my channel. Then came my first 90 days as a monetized creator. And during that stretched, I published another 23 long- form videos, three live streams. I didn't do any shorts, but I just kept trying to show up as consistently as possible. Now, some videos worked, but most did not, and that's completely normal. My biggest earner was actually a video called The Hidden Side of YouTube that most creators won't talk about. And this one pulled in just over 5,300 views for my channel, which is actually really great for me, and about $31 in AdSense revenue. But the real surprise came from a completely different direction. This happened to be a live stream that I hosted. It was the very first one that I did. It got just $293 views and I earned $24 from that one video and it was mostly super chats from people actually attending the live stream. I wasn't expecting that at all, but it was really awesome to see it. Then of course there were the duds, the videos that did not perform well. There was one video in particular that I thought would do really well. How to make your first $1,000 on YouTube in 4 months. This video didn't do much of anything. It brought in about $342 sadly. And that I would say is probably the biggest lesson of all is that you don't get to pick what performs well. Sometimes your quick ideas just land. And other times the videos that you put the most effort and work into barely make a dent. But after 6 months of trial and error of editing fatigue and of showing up when the numbers were not so great, monetization was finally on. And I had no idea what to expect. Would I make 50 bucks, a couple hundred bucks, or zero? And I debated whether I should be sharing this information at all because honestly YouTube earnings early on are just all over the place. It can be super high or super low and sometimes sharing this stuff can feel a little vulnerable. But I made the commitment. I want to be open and transparent with you guys. So here is the big reveal. Over those first 90 days of being monetized, I earned 50,000 additional views. I picked up 3500 additional watchtime hours. Subscribers came in. and I earned $217 through AdSense, $43 through supers, and then another $14 through channel memberships. My single highest day earning was $24 from that live stream that I had mentioned. So, no, this was not life-changing money by any stretch, but it was real. I could see it now. It was in the YouTube studio, and it was really cool to finally see all of this work that I've been putting in six plus months come to fruition and having that front row seat of watching the earnings start to come in. But here's the thing that I think most creators need to hear is that monetization through the YouTube partner program shouldn't be the end goal. It should be a goal but not the end goal. Between the fluctuating amounts that advertisers are willing to pay, the inconsistent views that you might see, and then the fact that not all content earns equally, YouTube AdSense revenue can be quite unpredictable, even when you do everything right. So that's why early on, I knew that I was going to have to build off platform in order to make money through my YouTube channel. And during this same 90-day stretch, I actually earned about 10x off platform than what I earned on platform. And this was all done through my YouTube channel, through my coaching business. So, start thinking about how your content can support something bigger, because that's where the real long-term opportunity is. And I already knew going into this that building a business around my YouTube channel would be far more scalable and reliable than just relying on AdSense. But still, that first 90 days where you start to see that money trickle in, it's actually a really cool experience regardless of where you're making your money through YouTube, to see the daily earnings trickle in, and then to finally get your first monetization checks. It's a pretty cool feeling. Now, along the way, there are a few lessons that I think are worth sharing. Lesson one is that what earns isn't always what performs. Some of my best viewed videos weren't the highest earners, and some of my lowest viewed videos actually led to coaching clients. So, let that be a reminder that views don't always equal income. Lesson number two is that people will support creators that they connect with. Now, I wasn't expecting anything when I first went live, but people showed up. They gave supers and they even joined as channel members. Even with a small channel, it shows that trust leads to support. Sometimes you just have to invite it. And lesson number three is that monetization is more of a checkpoint than a turning point. Getting monetized is exciting, but it doesn't magically change everything. I think for me the biggest shift has been just trying to stay consistent, trying to make improvements with every upload and then really thinking beyond the ads by nurturing and growing my community. So, if you're just crossing 1,000 subscribers or on your way, I hope this gives you a good idea of what's realistic for a newer creator for your first 3 months being monetized. It's not magic. It is a grind, but it's totally doable. And if you want help growing towards monetization or maybe you just need to think through other ways of monetizing offplatform, feel free to book a free 15-minute consultation with me. There is a link in the description below. And then also be sure and check out the video right over here. It is my full deep dive on all things YouTube partner program so that you know what you're getting into when you sign up for it and when you get AdSense monetized and that you get everything set up correctly. So, I hope this video was helpful. Talk to you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ty_Myers [348 likes]: 🎯 What’s holding your channel back? Take the free quiz: https://tymyersmedia.com/take-the-quiz
👉 Work with me 1:1 to grow and monetize your YouTube channel: https://momentum-builder.tymyersmedia.com
  2. @ChibiCarsLofi: Road to 1k! I know we can all get there. Spreading good vibes and positivity 💜
  3. @WWELIVEGUY94: I have over 1,000 but most of my views comes from shorts is that why I’m not getting paid yet?
  4. @Timecapsulemusic: Hi Ty Myers,
       Hope your day is good, I started a channel just for something to do and really put in the work every day for a solid 7 months as a hobby but after finally getting monetised I thought I may as well continue and it’s turned into something I really enjoy doing, great video and good explanation and advice, very much appreciated 🤝, PS, all you out there starting or building or even thinking of creating a channel just do and keep on, my advice is not professional at all but just make your channel about what you enjoy and then it becomes as not so much a graphed but a joy, 🙏

Wish you all a wonderful day 🙏🫶🏼🤟😎✌️🙌🏻🎸
  5. @dee_tails: Amazing advice. Thank you!!
  6. @MattGGaming302: My first week of actually posting and giving it a real try. If you wanna show some love I’d love to repay the favor. May you all be blessed ❤
  7. @Boomerz123: Help me get there guys 🙏
  8. @KobraVideoss: I dnt get how to get public hours...I have 1700 subs. My public time won't go up fast enough.help someone(this is alt account)
  9. @ElianaGarbellini: dude i’m trying to get to 1000…but my goal before was 100 and now i’m trying to get 250, which is a quarter of the way to 1k. but i guess is small content creators have to push through! am i right!
  10. @CluelessSportzDadPodcast: It’s for sure a roller coaster when it comes to which vids pop. I’ve posted some including one today before an NBA playoff game it looks to be a dud. But we keep grinding cuz it’s fun! Make it fun and it will come!
  11. @TheDukeofLOLshire: Just getting started. Looking forward to the challenge!
  12. @CountessKikii: I hope I’ll reach 1,000 subscribers one day
  13. @JOYTHEFRENCHIE: Can’t wait to reach  1000!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  14. @forrrealstories: Started my YouTube channel 4 months ago and still in about 300+ subscribers, while channels doing the same niche as I who started a month or two months ago are all way above 3000 or more subscribers and are already monetized 😢
  15. @MaxPlaysStuffYT: I believe in everybody here! Anyone can make it if you stay consistent and get better with each video! 😊
  16. @DaliaTocaB: Small creators let’s grow together 🎉
  17. @Waxendeeper: Small creators gather here.
  18. @famelader: 1000 subscribers aren't the problem but 4k watch hours and 10m short views
  19. @ElevateDaily_137: Very nice info, thanks for this content
  20. @geekillustratordad4982: I’m pretty much already at 4000 watch time, but not close to 1000 subscribers 😂

- I Make $300,000/Month with 50 YouTube Channels: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Charlie. I'm 33 years old and I make YouTube videos for a living. So, I actually got started back in 2008. I had a YouTube channel that was dedicated to music covers. I'd play instruments like piano and guitar and I'd have people like my sister sing. And that's basically how I got started in the YouTube space. I did that for a bunch of years all throughout high school and college. And then back in 2017, 2018, that's when I started shifting my content towards personal finance and business. A lot of you guys watching might have seen my main channel, which is the current channel you're watching. But over the last few years, we've built this whole media business that runs about 50 different channels. We have channels in a ton of different niches. So, for example, business, business formation, uh website building, e-com, SaaS. We have a couple music channels, course reviews, GoHighLevel, VPNs, recruiting, crypto, insurance, personal finance. We also have a ton of different channels in other languages. Yeah, it's really all over the place. So, this is a question I get all the time. It's how much money do you actually make as a YouTuber? And I will say my business is quite different than most YouTubers' businesses. Most YouTubers have one or two channels and they focus on one type of content. For me, we do content on a bunch of different things. But I'd say that the glue, like the thing that all these channels have in common, is that they're all educational. They all teach things. And so, yeah, I don't really make much like viral entertainment content. I know my strengths and that's more towards actually teaching people things. In terms of numbers, the media company does about $300,000 per month on average. Some months can dip to maybe the mid 200s, some months into the high 300s. So, there definitely is a bit of range and it can get a little bit scary at times. But yeah, overall, I'm pretty happy with the growth of the company. I started making seven figures back in I think 2021. We stayed at around $1.5 million a year for a couple years and then slowly we've been growing the company, adding new channels, and then finding new income sources. So, in terms of how the income is broken down, I'd say 80% of it is through affiliate marketing. This is basically when we have links in our description and if people use those links, we make a small commission. About 10% is from ad revenue. Then we have like another 8% from brand deals. We don't do these that often. And then maybe 2% from other miscellaneous revenue sources such as course sales and stuff like that. So, yeah, it's heavily affiliate marketing based. This is basically what I consider my specialty with YouTube and it really pairs well with the educational tutorial style videos. I think a lot of other creators, they rely heavily on brand deals and AdSense. For me, I don't really like doing that since that can vary a ton. I really prefer performance-based where we're not getting a flat fee for a video, but we only make money when the video actually converts to sales for a particular company. So, it's basically a win-win and then what I found is that the income cap for a lot of these videos is way, way higher than if I were to have done a brand deal. Yes, sometimes we'll make a video and not make much money or anything at all, but sometimes a single video can make hundreds of thousands of dollars. Essentially, I never want to know exactly how much a video is going to make. That's been the formula for me and I know it is a little bit risky, it's a little bit more scary, but I think that's why we've been able to monetize so well. So, going back to my childhood, I always sort of knew I wanted to become an entrepreneur. I had a lemonade stand, I sold candy in school, I bought and resold stuff online. But eventually, my parents wanted me to become a doctor, I went through the whole like pre-med route, didn't get into med school, tried a bunch of different things, and finally decided I was going to work for myself. Since then, I've done pretty much every single side hustle you can think of. Photography, video, tutoring. I was a tutor for many years in LA. I started a marketing company, I started a clothing brand, and basically the list goes on. I always had a passion for personal finance since I grew up in such a frugal household. That really got me excited to make money, invest money, grow my money. So, essentially, I paired that with my love for video and photography. I started to actually just posting content online. I started doing Instagram and TikTok and gradually I shifted to more long-form content on YouTube. Today, my media company has over 50 people. We have a combination of project managers, of thumbnail editors, video editors. I have my COO. We have a ton of YouTube hosts that help host some of these channels. We have a website team, an AI person. I know I'm missing some people, but yeah, the team's really grown over the years. Almost all of my team is overseas. I've always wanted a remote business like this that didn't really have an office that people had to come to. I love being able to work from home. And so, yeah, our whole team is async. We don't have that many meetings and most of our communication is run on Slack. So, for anyone that wants to make a YouTube channel and start making money, here is my advice. Try not to get into it just because you want to make money. Yes, you can absolutely make money with YouTube, but that should not be your primary goal at the start. When I started my channel, I had zero idea that I could actually make money from it. I simply wanted to create videos because I was passionate about it. I was passionate about the topics I was talking about. And so, yeah, the first, you know, 50 videos didn't make any money. After I started building a base and building some viewership, that's when I started getting into monetization and all that stuff. Another big tip I have is don't try to just make viral videos. Playing the algorithm game is really, really difficult. I think most people are not going to be able to, you know, create a hugely viral channel that gets millions of views on every single video. For me, I knew that that was not my strong suit and I do a lot better just teaching things that I was passionate about. So, if there's anything that you really like, that you are an expert at, that you love teaching, maybe consider starting a channel about that. There's a lot of money in the educational YouTube space and there are so many different ways that you can actually monetize your channel. So, of course, there's AdSense, there's going to be brand deals, there's affiliate marketing, and then probably the best way for most people to monetize their channel is by selling their own product or service. Using that YouTube channel as a lead gen source, a way to generate leads for their own business. I have channels with just a few thousand subscribers that make more money than a lot of these other channels out there with hundreds of thousands or even millions of subscribers. It's really all about the type of viewer, the type of content, and also what you pair that content with, right? Probably a service or some type of business. So, the best niches in terms of the AdSense revenue where you can make, I'd say, $50 to $200 per thousand views are going to be personal finance, right? Maybe insurance, SaaS, different types of softwares, business formation, anything relating to business services. E-commerce is a big one. Uh so, drop shipping, Amazon FBA, all that type of stuff. Credit, VPNs, website building, technology, self-improvement. That's just a list I can think of right now, but there are a ton of high-paying niches out there. So, basically, how the business works is we have a big team of YouTube hosts. They're mostly based in the US. We pay these people a flat fee to basically script and film our videos. Once they film, they'll upload the footage to our team of editors and basically, I have a team of project managers that help to run a bunch of these channels. They're going to coordinate with the video editors, the thumbnails, all those contractors to get that video created, made, revisions, all that stuff, and finally posted onto the YouTube channel. A lot of these channels also have their own channels in different languages. So, basically, what we do is we have a team of people in different countries like France, Indonesia, Philippines, Russia, Germany. And these people are going to basically going to go through all these videos, they're going to translate them, and they're going to do a manual voiceover. After that, they'll edit the native language into the actual video with like captions and subtitles and stuff like that. They're going to manage the whole channel like the the new titles, the new description, the new thumbnail, all that stuff. And so, I find that this is the cleanest way to actually have these language channels and be able to reach a more international audience. Yes, YouTube's dub feature is okay, it's really not that good if you compare it to an actual voiceover. And so, for me, to keep the quality high and to actually have it sound like a real person, I'm actually paying people to do these voiceovers uh manually. So, we use a ton of different tools within the company, but I'd say some of the more stand-out ones are going to be HighLevel. HighLevel is how we run the back-end and funnels and stuff for a lot of our different projects. Frame.io is a tool that we use to actually store a lot of these video files. We can make revision comments on that and I love the software so much. ClickUp is how we do all of our content calendars. So, for every single channel that we have, we have a separate ClickUp calendar. We built out tons and tons of automations that basically streamline the whole video production process from idea to actual posting. Of course, we use tools like TubeBuddy and VidIQ. Those are really important for a lot of YouTubers to have. Slack is where most of our communications are. We also do some communication within WhatsApp. Notion is where we basically plan out and script a lot of our courses. I use ChatGPT a lot to help with, you know, script ideation, helping create outlines. And yeah, every one of you guys watching this should always have a ChatGPT like app open on your computer and use it multiple times per day. So, the way that I find affiliate offers is through a bunch of different affiliate networks. So, Impact Radius, Awin, PartnerStack, these are some of the more popular affiliate networks out there. You simply join it and you can see a bunch of different brands and companies all in one place. A lot of the affiliates that I work with, I have a personal relationship with them. So, this is very important because you're likely going to get much higher affiliate rates. And you also get a lot of support from them since if you win, they also win, right? So, I've spent the last few years really building my network. I attend networking events like Affiliate Summit. And yeah, I work with hundreds of different affiliates and basically, the 80/20 rule applies here, right? 80% of my revenue are going to be from 20% of my affiliates. The way that you figure out which affiliates work for your channel is by simply creating a lot of content, seeing what works, and then simply tweaking. Now, let's talk about omnipresence. I I this is a concept that not a lot of people are able to do in the content creation space, but essentially what this means is you need to be everywhere, right? If you're creating content, there is so much you can do with that one piece of content to basically repurpose for other platforms. You can repurpose content for Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, LinkedIn even, there's YouTube shorts, and yeah, if you're not on all these platforms, you're limiting the reach of your content. And so, essentially I've built out systems that help me put out and repurpose a lot of this content on all these different platforms. There's literally no way I'd be able to do all this myself. I only have 24 hours in the day, and so yeah, the team building has been extremely important. Learning how to actually hire and delegate people has been one of the biggest things I've learned over the last 5 years. My first hire was a video editor. After that, I got a personal assistant here, who's now worked up to become my COO, my chief operating officer. From there on, I built up a team of project managers and video editors and thumbnail people, all from overseas. I'd say about a third to half of my team is currently in Indonesia. That's one of my favorite countries to hire in. And interestingly enough, that's why I also started my overseas recruiting company called Paired. That's a sister company that's helped me hire some of the most amazing team members that I could ever ask for. I have another channel, Charlie Talks Business, where I really go into depth on some of the team structures. So yeah, if you want to watch that video, I'll link it down below. So, for my typical schedule, I basically wake up at around 6:00 a.m. usually. I'll do a little morning routine, probably hit the gym. A lot of times I'll go out to breakfast with my girlfriend or something like that, and then I get the day started with work. My work schedule varies a lot. No single day is going to be the same. Some days I'm filming videos, some days I'm just doing a lot of planning, some days I'm in meetings. And yeah, I really enjoy the freedom, as well as the fact that no day is the same. I think the time freedom, the location freedom is one of my favorite parts of uh doing business for myself. I've never really liked having a boss. I really didn't like being told what to do or having to come to an office to work. So yeah, that's probably one of my favorite parts about entrepreneurship. That's basically why I've designed my business the way I have. Now, in terms of how I actually manage the team, because yes, a lot of stuff is going on every single day. We're also balancing a lot of different projects and things, and so it can definitely get pretty crazy. So, I have a CEO dashboard. It's basically a Google Sheet that my team prepares for me, and by looking at that sheet, I can see all of the different KPIs, I can see all the output for the different channels, the number of videos going out. And I can get a really good idea of what's happening in the business on a day-to-day basis. We also have most of our team do end-of-day reports, so often I'll review those. At the start of each month, I also set KPIs for the team, so these are numbers that we want to hit, not in terms of revenue, but in terms of actual output. I'm a big believer that you should actually just measure output rather than revenue, because revenue, there's a ton of different factors that can influence it, whereas output is a very concrete thing that we actually are in pretty much 100% control of. Most of the direct communication I do is with my COO. He's going to communicate most of that information to our team of project managers, and then the project managers are going to communicate that stuff with all the other contractors. It's really streamlined, and it's really what allows us to basically create a new channel and have it going with new content in just a couple weeks. We're always starting new channels, trying new things, and actually a lot of these channels will fail and just never make money. But a huge concept I live by is doing volume, doing something consistently to find the actual winner. most of the things are not going to be worth it in the end, but I need to do them to actually identify the winners. I think that's a mindset that a lot more people should have in their life. This makes it so that you don't fear failure. It allows you to fail a lot and realize that that is actually just part of the process. So, in terms of how I reinvest back into the business, I'd say most of it is actually into the team, right? Building the team, finding new people, and with that comes a pretty big payroll. We also invest a lot into equipment, so a lot of filming equipment. I rent out big spaces to have studios. And yeah, content's interesting because you can always have better and better gear, but that's not what I recommend for most people starting out. It's really cool because you can get started building a YouTube channel with just your phone. iPhones are great nowadays, and the picture quality is definitely good enough for most channels. But yeah, I'm a huge believer of reinvesting company money back into the team, growing the team, as well as paying for services that help us make more money. So, where do I see the next 5 to 10 years of content creation? So, in my opinion, AI is getting really, really good. It's getting scarily good, and it's definitely going to affect the content economy. I do think that platforms such as YouTube are really going to have to start throttling AI content. It's just going to get too easy to create content, and there's just going to be like billions of hours of content made every single day, to the point where it's going to be very hard to actually find good, genuine content. If you can still make genuine content in 2026 and beyond, that's going to give you a huge advantage, because most people are going to go the easy route and just create a bunch of content that's like super AI-y. So, if your content can actually be good, be made from an actual person, and have a story or something to actually connect with the viewer, that's going to give you a huge advantage. Content tools are going to get better and better, so pretty much anyone's not going to have an excuse for saying, "Oh, well, I don't have time to edit. I don't have time to do this." A lot of these things are going to get outsourced with a lot of these tools, and it's going to lower the moat for content creation a ton. There's definitely going to be more competition over the next 5 to 10 years, there's no doubt about that. it's going to be extremely easy to stand out if you are genuine with your content. The easiest way to find video ideas is by just browsing your home screen. So, I'll probably spend maybe 30 to 60 minutes per week just going through my home page on YouTube, seeing what videos pop up in the algorithm, and taking inspiration from those videos. Obviously, a lot of my content is also search-based, so I'll search up a very general term, look at what videos are ranking for that term, and basically put those on my content calendar. My counterintuitive advice would just be to not chase views. Only chase views from qualified people. So yeah, if your goal is to make money with YouTube, don't try and create content that gets a lot of general views from everyone. The more specific, the more narrow your audience is, the more money-making ability there is. And you do that basically through affiliate marketing or having your own product that relates to that content. For example, on my recruiting channel, 200 views there could make more revenue than a video on a general channel with 10 million views. And the reason for this is because 200 qualified views could turn into one or two actual paying clients. If a client is paying at least a few thousand dollars, you can quickly see how the math maths. So, I'd say that the reason why my videos tend to do pretty well is because I'm good at explaining things in a somewhat concise way. I had a lot of years of experience actually tutoring kids, and I think that really helped me be able to take more complex topics and be able to simplify it for people. That's what makes my videos a bit more easy to understand in my opinion. If you want to make educational videos, you need to explain concepts clearly. And one rule I go by is if an eighth grader does not understand the content, then it's too complex, right? That's why you need to dumb everything down a little bit, because it makes it easier for literally everyone to understand. Another reason why I am successful with my videos is because I am very consistent. A lot of people will make content for one or two months, they don't see the results that they want to see, and then they just stop doing it. You need to be consistent in anything you do. This doesn't relate just to YouTube, it relates to any business you start. And so yeah, you need to be really patient with the results, but you need to be impatient with the actual action. The action of filming, the action of actually putting out output. How much money did I start with? So, I was lucky because I had already started making money with video and photography, so I had a camera. At the time, I was probably using a camera that was maybe $2,000. My lens was maybe a few hundred bucks. But at the same time, I was doing short form, and I was just doing that with my phone. Content creation is one of those skills where even if you don't do it for the rest of your life, simply trying to do content and learning content makes you a better marketer, and this is going to help you for the rest of your life. It truly is one of the most important skills that I think everyone should learn. Now, I don't want you guys to watch this video and think, "Oh, I just need to start doing a YouTube channel so that I can make money like Charlie." These concepts, they apply to basically any type of business, and as an entrepreneur that's done many different things, I know that you can make money in millions of different ways. The reason why I've done YouTube well is because I'm obsessed with YouTube. I've been watching YouTube for almost two decades now. I watch it when I eat, I watch it in my free time, and I really prefer over Netflix and some of the other streaming channels. Pairing that with my love for the actual topics that I talk about, that's why this works well for me. It might not work well for you, but I guarantee you there's something out there that works extremely well for your skills and your passions. It just might take some time for you to actually figure out what that was. And along that route, there's going to be failures, there's going to be times where you really question yourself and your path, but you just need to get through that path to find the goal at the end of the road. So, if I were to start today, this is exactly what I would do. I'd pick one topic that I was passionate about, I'd make 50 to 100 different long-form videos about that topic. After that, I'd create some type of product or service that relates to that topic. This could be a course, this could be a software, this could be a service. And then I'd always have some type of call to action in my videos to my service or product or company. If you do that, I think you'll have the highest chances of seeing some type of success with YouTube. And it is a very like simple concept, a very simple formula. Yeah, it's a little bit boring, it's not as crazy as going out there and making Mr. Beast type videos, but that's basically how you build a business that has marketing built in right with YouTube that also greatly increases the amount of money you can make with your YouTube channel. So, that's it for this video. I know this is a little bit different than what most of my videos are on this channel, but I really want to make this video because I think a lot of you are interested in YouTube. You might want to become a YouTuber yourself. I think some of the things I shared in this video will really help you out. This is basically the type of video that I wish I could have seen when I started. So, hopefully you guys got some value from it. Anyways, I really appreciate your time. Thank you so much for watching. Make sure to hit that like button, subscribe, and yeah, I'll see you in the next video. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jadormycc8819 [1 likes]: Do you make 300k a month or your company does? I guess I’m asking what is profit vs revenue
  2. @mordecai8707 [1 likes]: This is a great idea but the most valuable idea I got from this was building a remote company 😭 when you’re anti social but business minded, this is the solution
  3. @chrisbenn [1 likes]: How does Affiliate Marketing work if you are a YouTuber in the EU? Can you do Affiliate marketing for US companies, or does that complicate getting paid?
  4. @OptionSpreadProfits: My God Charlie you answered so many questions with this one video. What an amazing job. The one question I have is about your content on all these channels: how do you source/find content for educational channels?
  5. @eBooksEra: can you talk about your strategies and how many hours do you work and sleep
  6. @unbelievabletranquility7648: Fanstastic! I can't wait to explore more of your channel(s)
  7. @helloman3676: Did this dude just say he goes to lunch with his girlfriend or someone like that? 😂😂😂
  8. @annieyi5305: Normally they keep making videos just to make money..no passion in it..Should learnt from mr beast..
  9. @mindful47: I would like to have a YouTube channel just to make an extra few thousand dollars a month and I'll be happy. Perhaps quit my job . Help !
  10. @Itsprobpz: JUST STARTED HOW AM I DOING Y'ALL!?
  11. @RonsFlowState: Great that i was one of your first subscribers and now i found this video! It answered so many of my questions in the way i had after i finished my MBA. Thanks a lot!
  12. @NaomiCalderon-ur2kz: This is awesome! Thanks for sharing ❤
  13. @bbbonito: Links to the other channels? Calling bs
  14. @edwardlin2941: 👍
  15. @MoneySimple.finance: 50 channels omg
  16. @birdsan5925: I desepointed that you have people in russia… 😢 it is so aweful.
  17. @BasicsFinance-Kate: Wait, 50 channels? How big is your team for each? I am struggling to run twos my own, it’s tiring, and I’m not seeing the growth I hoped for so far :(
  18. @modelcitizen1977: I guess this begs the question of why not 500 channels and $3M a month. Do you just hate money? 😂
  19. @phoenixle9304: Why you blinking so much
  20. @ami4266: Lie!

- 5 Steps To Picking a YouTube Niche That Will Make You Rich: Kind: captions Language: en When it comes to picking your YouTube niche, you would think that if you had 4 million subscribers, you'd be set for life, right? Well, not necessarily. This guy, Boogie2988, for instance, has 4 million subscribers. And he recently went on a podcast and revealed something shocking. >> I made about $44,000 in the last year, which gives us $3,724 a month on average. >> He only makes around $4 to $5,000 a month with 4 million subscribers. That's actually less than the average American. Meanwhile, I know some channels with less than 10,000 subscribers that are making over a million dollars a year. Same platform, wildly different results. And it all comes down to one thing, the niche that you pick. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the exact five-step process of picking a niche that can actually make you money. Now, if you appreciate me making videos like this, let me know by gently tapping that like button. And let's jump into it right now. Quick note, while I'm going through these five steps, I am going to show you a bunch of different channels. Some of the channels don't have that many subscribers and they're making a lot of money. Some of them do have a lot of subscribers and they get millions of views and they're also making a lot of money. So, you can definitely make money either way with a small channel that doesn't get that many views or with a bigger channel that gets lots of views. I just like to use these small channels as an example to demonstrate what's possible when you pick the right niche. All right, let's continue. Step one is to understand what makes a niche profitable. Here's the golden rule. Good niches solve real problems for real people with real money. That's it. If your niche doesn't check all three boxes, you're going to struggle. Now, the first one is real people with real problems. And then the third one is real money. Some people get hung up on that third one. When I say real money, I don't mean you have to target rich people. But what I do mean is a firstworld English-speaking audience, generally speaking, is going to have a lot more money than many other countries in the world, and it is going to be significantly more difficult to make money with certain languages out there, just as an example. So, a friend of mine where I was helping him grow his channels a long time ago actually had an Arabic channel and an English channel, and he was teaching kind of the same thing on both channels. And I kind of warned him that the Arabic channel would be significantly more difficult to grow. Now, don't get me wrong, there are definitely people out there that speak Arabic that have a lot of money. But you really have to be careful and really dial in your targeting if you want to actually appeal to those people. And he wasn't. He was appealing to beginners. And he found it to be about 10 times more difficult to make money from his Arabic speaking channel than his English-speaking channel. And he eventually pretty much just abandoned it. But let's get back to the first two. First of all, what are you looking for? Number one, a valuable problem that people are actually trying to solve. Number two, an audience with money, aka employed adults, not kids. And number three, a clear way to monetize beyond just YouTube ads. Now, don't get me wrong, you can make money from just YouTube AdSense alone, but if you do that, you're kind of putting all of your eggs in one basket, and you're leaving a ton of money on the table. Just as an example, on my second channel, Shane Hummus Content Growth Engine, last month, I made about $37,000. Now, that channel got around $10,000 views. So, I made about $3,700 per 1,000 views on that channel. The average entertainment channel out there makes about $5 per 1,000 views if they're lucky. So, I can easily make a full-time income even though I'm only getting around 10,000 views because of the fact that I'm targeting the right people. I'm solving painful problems with them, and they actually have money to spend. Now, what should you avoid? oversaturated niches like gaming and generic fitness, entertainment only content, and generally speaking, audiences without money. If you are selling something very cheap, you can go the mass market route and target audiences without money. But that route is kind of like an endless hamster wheel of content creation because you always have to get millions of views to make a decent amount of money. And if for whatever reason your channel falls off and you're only getting hundreds of thousands of views instead of millions, it's going to be significantly harder for you to actually make money from it. But don't fear because if you are in a situation like that, right? If you're watching this right now and you have a channel like that, you can actually pivot to a more profitable audience. But here's the mindset shift. You don't need millions of subscribers. I do have over a million subscribers on my main channel, but you don't need millions of subscribers to make money. What you need is the right audience. A small audience with money beats a huge broke audience every single time. Okay. Step two, look inward. I have seen people waste over five years picking their niche. In fact, we got a comment on the last live I did that someone wasted over 20 years picking their niche. All right, quick break. This Tuesday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time, I'm hosting a free live workshop called the YouTube Content Advantage for making money and getting leads and sales. And it's happening live on November 18th, 2025. So, make sure to mark that date down right now. And if you've been struggling to find your YouTube niche or you're worried about spending months or even years creating videos in a niche that doesn't actually make money, then this workshop is for you because for everyone who shows up live, I'll be giving away my niche validator 2.3. This is the latest and most optimized version of my AI powered niche validation tool. And it helps you instantly test and uncover profitable YouTube niches before you waste time creating content that doesn't bring in leads or sales. And it's smarter, faster, and it's trained on even more data from real profitable channels. And I'll be giving it away completely free. but only at this live workshop. And just a heads up, there's a good chance this could be one of the last few times I'm giving a version of my niche validator away for free. So, if you've been sitting on the fence, this is definitely the time to grab it. So, attend the free live workshop by clicking that link down in the description in the pin comment below to grab it and I'll see you there. Oh, and by the way, you'll also be able to ask me questions live. So, I look forward to meeting you. See you this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern time. Now, back to your regularly scheduled programming. But anyways, the last time I did a free training, someone literally commented that they took 20 years to pick their niche. Now, the funny thing is the reason people take so long to pick their niche is because they think their niche is outside of them. Over 90% of the people I help, it turns out that their niche is already inside of them. It's already in your past. All you have to do is look at your past behavior because you are the niche. You are a living, breathing human. And you have to center your niche about what you've achieved or overcome. So use these three filters to find your niche. And by the end, you'll have three to five ideas. Write them down. Filter one, what have you overcome? Because the best content comes from real experience. What problems did you solve? What did you struggle with? What would people pay to solve faster or better or with less effort? Some examples, lost weight, fitness niche, switched careers, career niche, started a side hustle, make money niche, rescued a marriage where you were about to get divorced. You could help other people rescue their marriages as well. Was there a time in your life where you were an alcoholic and you overcame it? You can help other people overcome alcoholism. And by the way, all these niches that I just talked about are real niches from people that I've either met or worked directly with. But the point is, you are proof that it's possible. Filter number two, what do you already consume? Check your YouTube watch history. What do you binge watch and go back a long time? What are you naturally curious about? Because you're going to probably make 50 to 100 videos in that niche. So, you need to pick something that you won't hate in 6 months. And yes, you should probably pick something that you are somewhat passionate about. Now, I'm not giving you the generic advice of following your passion. However, with that being said, I also don't want you to pick something that you hate, right? Something that bores you to death. So, if you're intrigued enough about something to watch tons of different videos on it and basically binge watch content on it, then you'd probably be intrigued enough about that thing to also make content yourself. Filter number three, what are you naturally good at? What do people ask you for help with? What comes easy to you, but it's hard to others? And remember, write down five things at least for each one of these. Now, I recommend you literally pause the video and write these down if you haven't already. With that being said, I'm going to give you a couple frameworks for looking at this to help you out. One, if you had a time machine and you could go back in time and you had 15 minutes to tell the younger version of yourself something that would save you a massive amount of time, effort, and money, what would you tell them? Maybe there's several different things that you would tell them. Write all of them down. And guess what? Those things, there's a good chance that that's going to be your niche. Just as an example with myself, I did this exact same exercise and it was very apparent what I would have told myself. I would have gone back in time and I would have told myself to be very careful about which college degree I would get and which career path I would go down. And if you notice my earlier videos on this channel were all about that, right? They were all about picking the right college degree, avoiding the wrong college degrees, and then going down the right career path. So that is how I started off the Shane Hummus channel. A second framework to look at this and I stole this from Naval Rabicant. I think he's a very smart guy and I really enjoy his work. But he says the best way to pick a niche is to pick something where it feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people. Right? Let me repeat that. It feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people. If you can find something like that where it feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people, there's a very good chance that's a winning niche. So try to think of some things like that. By now, you have three to five niche ideas. So, make sure you keep them handy. And by the way, if you need more help picking your niche, that's one of the main things we help people with cuz this is something that gets people stuck for years, sometimes even decades. So, absolutely make sure to attend the live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, because that is exactly what we're going to help you do. Make sure you pick your right niche. And also, you can ask me any questions that you have as well, and I will answer any question, even if I have to stay an extra hour or 2 hours, I'll answer every single question you have. All right, step three, see it in action. So, let me show you what works. The winners, small to medium-sized channels making big money. This is one of my clients, Felix and Friends. At 155,000 subscribers, he was making over $700,000 a month. And he basically makes stock market content and specifically he talks about options trading. And a lot of the people that follow his channel are older people that want to learn how to invest their money in an intelligent way. So, he solves expensive problems for people that actually have money. Here's another channel. I thought this story was quite interesting because he actually went on a podcast. This is Thomas Frank. Now, he has a channel with millions of subscribers and he was making pretty good money with the channel, but it wasn't really steady and stable. It would go up and down. And so, he started a second channel, which is Thomas Frank's Notion channel. He got it to over 200,000 subscribers at the time of him doing this podcast that I'm talking about. And very quickly, that channel got to hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. Why? Because his second channel was hyper specific. it was just notion tutorials and he sells digital products specifically notion templates. So he was targeting people who want to optimize their productivity specifically using notion templates. And so he was solving a specific problem for specific people that actually had money. Another extreme example, now this guy is not one of my clients, but basically he has a solar installation business. So he basically installs solar systems for big businesses. Now, each time he installs a solar system, he's making tens, maybe even hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, these are some big contracts. And he has a tiny channel with less than a thousand subscribers. And his videos get almost no views. And he barely ever posts videos in the first place. But he made over $500,000 from YouTube. This is an extreme example, obviously, but it just goes to demonstrate what I'm talking about. Step four, understand the money. So, there's two ways to make money on YouTube. Way one is the passive way, which is YouTube ads. And then maybe you have like affiliate links in the description or something like that. Way two is the non-passive way, which is pretty much every other way of making money. But one of the main ways is to sell your own stuff. And in many cases, you can make 10 times or even a hundred times more than what you'd be making if you were only doing ads. So just as an example, digital products, things you create once and sell repeatedly, you could sell them for $50. Online courses, you could sell anywhere from $200 to $2,000. Templates you could sell for $10 to $100, ebooks for $20 to $100, coaching for $500 to $5,000, and memberships for $20 to $200 per month. Now, how does it work? You make free YouTube videos solving small problems for people. Viewers know, like, and trust you, and then you offer a product that solves their problem completely or more quickly or with more support or with less hassle. And that way, they buy from you. The example here is Thomas Frank's Notion channel. There's free tutorials on how to make really good notions for different people in different situations that will help them with their productivity. But then he also sells templates for $50 to $200. And he's making more money with his tiny channel than he was with his 3 million subscriber channel. So for a niche to make you rich, you need three things. Your experience, aka did you overcome this problem? Your interest. Will you enjoy it long term? And money potential. Does the audience actually have money? And is the niche sustainable? Right? Because if you're doing something and you're not making money from it, it's a hobby. Don't get me wrong, hobbies can be great, but they're not sustainable. Cuz it is work to make videos. And if you're not making money from the work that you're doing, that's just not sustainable. And when all three of these things overlap, that is your gold mine. So, let's talk about generally speaking some of the best money niches. Personal finance, make money online, career advice, software tutorials, business, marketing, specific fitness, dating, self-improvement, specific hobbies, etc. Some of the niches you want to avoid unless you are okay with getting like tens of millions of views to make good money would be gaming, entertainment, vlogs, and basically anything with an under 18 audience. And generally speaking, you want to pick a niche that relates to wealth, health, or relationships. Those are the three big money niches because everyone in the world has probably a problem with one or more of those three things. Either their health, their wealth, or their relationships. And they want to watch content to help them solve those problems. What's happening guys? In the editing process of this video and I have an opportunity for a select group of people. So these are people who are serious about growing their personal brand on YouTube. So basically we figured out recently how to grow a personal brand and combine all the upsides of a personal brand with the upsides of automation, right? Using AI, using things like this to basically grow your personal brand 10 times faster, which in the past used to take decades to do. And now you can do it significantly faster. And you can do this to get a better job. You know, we work with beginners that just want to get a better job with their personal brand. You can do this to make money as a side hustle. We work with a lot of people like that. We can do this to make more money if you already have a side hustle or a small business. Or if you're already crushing it on YouTube, we can help you crush it 10 times more. We've worked with people like that as well. I mean, I literally can show clients at each level. People that we've gotten from zero to over 10K, zero to like over 30K, uh, from like 1K per month, all the way up to 185K per month, from around 30K per month all the way up to over 500K per month. So literally at every single level and it works for everyone in every situation. With that being said, we are only working with three to five people and they have to be people who are very serious, right? People who are dedicated to making this work. So if you think you're that type of person, go ahead and apply down in the description and the pin comment below and you can be part of our group of three five that we help. So see you there. Have a good one. Step five, evaluate your niches. So take those three to five ideas from step two and you can either just take action right away and start making content on those things. That's actually what I did on my main channel. Just as an example, I made content on career stuff, college degree stuff, grant writing because I wrote grants before, personal finance like saving money or investing money and several other topics. And then the one that took off was the college degree and the career stuff. So I just went with those. And one thing you must understand, this is the important thing that you absolutely must understand is that you are the niche. So yes, I am having you pick kind of specific niches, but you need to understand the overlying principle that you are the niche. I have pivoted niches so many different times. My channel has evolved while I evolve. And you are a breathing, growing, living human being that evolves and changes over time. And the beautiful thing about having a YouTube channel is your YouTube channel can evolve and change with you. So yes, you should pick a specific niche when you start out or several of them and then go with the one that is basically the best one for you. Usually going with the one that takes off, but know that later on down the line, you can pivot to other types of content, right? Once you grow an audience big enough, they'll start watching you for you instead of watching you for the specific type of content. Now, typically what will happen with someone when they pick a specific niche is usually it'll either be too specific or too broad. Now, it's more common for it to be too broad. This is the most common mistake that I see people make. With that being said, I have seen some people that pick niches that are too specific as well. So, you're always going to have to adjust a little bit and change things up a little bit here and there. And that's where you should really just attend my live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, cuz I can definitely help you with that process. But with that being said, whether or not you have me to help you with the process, you'll likely need to tinker with the niche. You know, talk about different ideas within it. And then eventually you'll find that sweet spot where you're not too niche, but you're also not too broad. But here's the bottom line. You don't need millions of subscribers to get rich. You need three things. The right problem to solve, an audience with money, and a way to sell them solutions. Your experience plus a specific focus plus an audience that actually has money equals wealth. So remember the lessons. Specific beats general most of the time. Money audience beats big audience. Your experience is your advantage. And most importantly, action beats perfection. I promise you that if you just make a bunch of videos, your niche will find you. So, the last thing you should do is waste 5 years or 10 years or 20 years trying to pick your niche. Just start making videos and you'll basically figure out pretty quickly if it's a good fit for you or not. Now, speaking of niche, I know that 99% of you, maybe even 99.9% of you that watch this video are never going to work with me or my team one-on-one with our coaching. With that being said, there's 1% or 0.1% of you out there that would be interested in that because you want to work closely with someone and you want to achieve the result faster with less stress and have more certainty that you're doing the right thing. If that is you, go ahead and book a call down in the description in the pin comment below. It'll be the second link down there. On this call, we'll figure out where you are right now, where you want to be. We'll make a plan to get there, and we'll see if we're a good fit to work together or not. We are very limited with the amount of people that we work with when it comes to coaching. So only apply if you are very serious about growing and making money on YouTube quickly, right? So don't apply if you're thinking about doing it 6 months from now or anything like that. Only apply if you want to do it right away and if you're very serious about it. And also check out this story of one of the clients that we worked with and we helped them scale to tens of thousands of dollars a month by clicking right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SandsturmMag-u2j [43 likes]: 🤯 I realized most niches can work if traffic points somewhere smart. Viral wave mastery (by Victor Hale) made that click fast, built one digital product, automated free traffic, first month like 8k, now sitting 20k+ and I stopped obsessing over “rich niches”, hope this helps someone stuck choosing instead of earning
  2. @ShaneHummus [10 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/livedes-11-14-2025
🚀 Apply For 1:1 YouTube Coaching: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/yt-11-14-2025
  3. @hmm1054 [1 likes]: I would tell my younger mysel "Buy Bitcoin!"!!!
  4. @utopiadweller [1 likes]: Shane, this was great. I wonder what advice you have for people who don't want to turn their past "problem to solution" journey into a niche to help people who are a few steps behind them. For example, what if someone enjoys learning about something. Let us say, someone develops a deep interest in fixing weight-gain through dietary changes. They don't have direct experience helping anyone with this. But this problem speaks to them (not because they have fixed this problem for themselves). It just interests them. They can see themselves helping people drop the weight in this way. So, what should they do to build their online brand and business in this niche?
  5. @pat4005 [1 likes]: But HOW do we learn if a niche can even be monetized?
And what the best Category is to place the niche under?

 Some Categories may rank higher in RPM than others, and many niches may fit into more than one category.
  6. @Annaguzman363 [1 likes]: Thank you so very much. "Seems like play to you, but work to other people" and people ask you for help and you enjoy providing the help. 
This video continues to clarify my niche. This was so very helpful. Muchas gracias. 🙏🏽 Blessings🌺
  7. @ClipsViralNow [1 likes]: Small channels - let us unite as one! Keep going we can all make it that is 100%
  8. @SilentTorqueASMR2.0 [1 likes]: Your videos are pure no exaggerating just focused on the topic
  9. @CreatorsCheatcode: This helpful youtube tip
  10. @GracefulGrowthwithHazel: Thank you for all the helpful tips.I subscribed for the workshop🤗🤗
  11. @freddiejonesy6168: great video!
  12. @parsonsprojects2020: What about taking the few niches and keeping them together while you grow followers on your channel, then splitting it off to focus on that one niche? I have my favorite hobby and my profession put together into one channel. I am not sure if I should just break them up now, or continue until I figure things out?
  13. @ArhamAdil-u5h: Very intersting content
  14. @Keti-i7t: Very useful
  15. @mrcash_28: 😅 niche videos sent me straight into analysis paralysis, lists, notes, saved videos, and zero action, I kept thinking once I pick the perfect niche money will follow. It didn’t. I’m not usually commenting but what finally worked wasn’t the niche, it was the system behind it. I found Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale through a lowkey creator chat and first month surprised me around 9k with a pretty boring niche. Now I’m hovering 18k–26k months and niche picking doesn’t stress me anymore, leaving this here quietly
  16. @apolloranch: Isn't it "NICH"  NOT  "NEESH" ?
  17. @andrewfinn: Would you be able to set up a recorded training instead of just a specific time and then have it maybe set up where we could leave messages in a forum style setting? I’m not able to attend at the times that you have your live training, but I still would like to have a look at it.
  18. @TristansBackyard: This was very helpful!! Thanks
  19. @tamilynnthill1910: I think the workshop thats at 9pm eastern time is 6pm in pacific standard time. I think anyways.
  20. @meditations123: your videos are really educative, ive learnt alot from your videos

- How To Find YOUR Niche On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm gonna tell you how to find your niche or niche on YouTube, and we're starting right now. ♪ That's just how it is ♪ ♪ Ain't waitin' on me ♪ I'm Nick, welcome to another video. If this is your first time here, you wanna learn how to grow your channel, make videos and all types of other YouTube-related stuff, start now by subscribing and clicking the bell so you don't miss anything. When it comes to finding your niche on YouTube it's really important to factor in a handful of things and those things are what we're gonna be talking about in this video. The first being why is it that you're on YouTube in the first place, and the reason that this is so important is because that's going to dictate everything else that we're gonna be talking about. For example if you are only wanting to just grow a big YouTube channel, well in that situation you're gonna take a completely different approach than if you are just wanting to use YouTube as an additional income source of some kind. And if your goal is to turn YouTube into an income source of some kind then your approach is gonna be completely different than if you're using YouTube as a way to position yourself in some way professionally. So if you know what you want first, then everything else that we're gonna talk about in this video is gonna be a lot easier for you. So let's start with your interests. Is your topic sustainable. If you're vlogging it's sustainable because life changes every single day, there's always something new, something fresh that's happening to keep people engaged, to keep you engaged, to keep the whole thing moving along. If you are making entertainment types of content, then in that case that is also most likely sustainable as long as you can pass the test that I'm gonna drop on you here in just a minute. But is the game that you're playing or the things that you talk about in your videos or the type of content that you make, is that something that you're gonna be able to do for years to come and still be interested in it personally and still be able to make content about? If the answer is yes then in that situation then that's one check (bell pings) in the box for yes this niche is right for you. Now there's also the side of being honest with yourself and saying is this something that I really want to talk about for years. Because you know, you want to be happy making content, that's the whole thing with being a content creator is it's fun, it's a pleasure, it's a joy. It's something that you like to do. If you think that topic or niche can hold your interest, then that's one more check (bell pings) in the box for yes, that's something that you want to pursue. Another thing that you want to do for sustainability, and this is where the test that I was talking about before comes in, is you want to make sure that you actually have ideas so that you can keep generating ideas for a long period of time on that specific topic or type of content that you want to make. What I recommend for this and I know that it's painful is to actually sit down with a (mumbles) on your computer or a piece of paper or whatever it happens to be and literally write out a hundred video ideas so that you are solid for the next 100 videos. Or even if you don't make those videos, you still have a hundred ideas proving to you that hey I can relatively easily come up with a hundred ideas which shows me that I can keep making videos about this in the future. If you can come up with those ideas, that's one more check yes this particular niche is right for you. When finding or dedicating to a niche or niche, it's also important to factor in monetization. This is also extremely important for sustainability because if your channel gets wildly popular, and I'm rooting for you by the way I hope that everything goes amazing for you, and I hope that all of your YouTube dreams and all the stuff that you're trying to accomplish comes true for you, when that happens you'll have the opportunity to make videos full-time and when you're making videos full-time, well you're gonna need money. To identify your chances of making good money in the particular niche that you're going into, what you want to do is you want to look at the average view counts of other big channels in that particular space. If those views are really high, then you might be okay on ads. However, if those views are not really high, then you're gonna have to use other methods like brand deals or creating your own products or any other of the different ways to monetize your videos on YouTube in order to monetize what it is that you're doing so that you can keep doing it. When researching for the niche and trying to figure out hey, is this something I'm gonna be able to make money from so that I can sustain it long term, you want to go look at other creators that are doing well in that specific niche. You want to figure out what exactly it is that they are going to monetize. Are they working with brands, are they making their own stuff, are they selling merch, do they have a bunch of different things that they're doing that are all adding to the pile which is making it sustainable for them. And when you're doing this you really want to dig in and say okay, is this something that they're really making money from? If so, how are they making the money. How is the payment system set up, like how is this actually going together, and you want to identify those things because you're probably gonna have to do something similar in the future. Let me rephrase that, you are going to need to know how they are making money so that when your channel does well, you're also going to be able to make sure that you can make money so that you can sustain that whole thing and do this full-time, if that's something you're after. When finding or researching your niche or niche, it's also important to make sure that you look at all of the competition. With that said, I do want to make a disclaimer and say that I do believe that every creator is unique in their own way and just by being you it's something that helps you stand out on YouTube. However, it can be helpful if you explore a specific niche and you find out that it's not very competitive, then it's like hey I've got all of this open space to work within. I'm gonna be an innovator in this specific niche. But, if it is extremely competitive, here's what you need to do. Look for big channels in that niche, and you probably already know who they are, but look for big channels in that niche and then you want to look at the types of topics that are the types of titles that they're using for their videos and then you want to go search for those titles. Then the search results are gonna give you other channels that you probably were not familiar with and then what you want to do is you want to open them and you want to research them as well, all different channel sizes. And then you got to do the difficult thing, of taking a really hard look at yourself in the mirror and being honest with yourself and saying can I compete with them at the level that they are at. This means production quality, thumbnails, how they edit their videos, their presentation, all of it. If the answer is yes, put another check (bell pings) in that box for yeah, this is a good niche for me. But if the answer's no, you gotta ask yourself another question. And that question is, do I think that I can dedicate myself to getting to that level within a reasonable amount of time. If the answer's yes, good. Check. (bell pings) If the answer is no and it's like hey, it's gonna take me a long time to get to where they're at, in that particular situation then you have to say okay, am I willing to put in that time and kind of wait it out while I'm getting used to doing all this stuff? Or should I explore another niche. And again, remember at the beginning when I was talking about how important it is to know what it is that you want? This is where that comes in because if it's like hey, this is something I really want, then in that particular case then you have to dedicate yourself to leveling up your skill set if you're not there yet. Whereas if it's kind of like a well, you know I'm just kind of doing this for fun, I don't really care that much or whatever, then it doesn't really matter and you can go into any niche that you want. So now, let's talk about that why and get down to the nitty-gritty. And part of that is making sure that you are going into the right niche for what it is that you're actually trying to accomplish. For example, my why is to empower content creators or you with the tools, resources, and information you need to thrive here on YouTube and with video online in general. I want to give you enough information that you can apply to what it is that you're going so that you can create a positive impact in your life through the content that you create and so that you can also create a positive impact on others through the content that you create. And of course, I also want to drive traffic to my website and create an additional income through affiliate marketing and my own products and things like that. And being in this niche, making this content for you helps me fulfill all of those things. So, when it comes to your why, really think it out. And there's not like a right or a wrong answer, it doesn't matter what somebody else thinks about it. It's you, it's a personal thing. Like really sit down and think about what is it that I'm trying to accomplish? It's five years from now, what's this look like for me? Where am I in all of this in five years, like what is, why am I doing this? And the reason that this is important is because getting into the wrong niche that doesn't serve your purpose or doesn't serve your why is going to end up being a huge waste of your time which is a huge mistake. To avoid other mistakes that YouTubers commonly make, click on this video right now. It's an entire video about mistakes that YouTubers make so that you can avoid them. And to learn more about growing your channel, making videos and all types of remember to subscribe. Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [50 likes]: ✓✓✓ Watch next - How to be a YouTuber, step-by-step: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81iqGxLh-a4&list=PLsDhsOkbwsC6ppOoKTlBj7_tBQM9JGh3d
  2. @TheRosemaryCoeShow: Thank you😊
  3. @JackalGoldKick: Im curious nick what rap song is that in your intro?
  4. @thedevilsangel6: This is the big problem I have with a niche. I have ADHD so what I hyperfocus on can change in a second. I don't know if I can keep my focus on one thing. Like I have tons of ideas for sims, but I might not have that down the line. So its hard to find something. I don't know.
  5. @3RILLUMINATI: 3 secs in and you taught me it doesnt matter how you pronounce “Niche”
  6. @johneyyarborough: hey nick thank god for you ur awsome
  7. @_azamuddin: So. Can i know the answer?
  8. @melissamayer2052: Nick! I just found you, but let's stay together!!! Keep up the great work of making me understand things!!!! Truly makes a difference!!!
  9. @melissamayer2052: Can you explain how the approach will differentiate between the two? In details? Of side or main income?
  10. @freedomseeker8607: best content on finding niches so far. thanks
  11. @Kimmiesman24: I know what i want to do. I want to create vids about vehicles and machinery and how they work. I am a trucker in the usa and also earned a cert as an apprentice steam engine operator or engineer. I want to present many types of vehicles from adventures on ebikes to showing steam and trucks and how they all work. Issue is i am super busy and rarely get around the big steam engines. Thought of using simulators on pc and textbooks on the subjects to fill the gaps between filming the real stuff. Is this someting people would be interested in ya think? Great video. Also i have a few vids featuring this stuff already on my channel. 🙂
  12. @comicbookreadings: Thanks for the tips. Hoping my new channel takes off. A little over a week in, content getting pumped out. Hopefully this particular niche pays off. Let me know what you think of my format, if you get a free minute. I would appreciate any feedback.
  13. @wendythomas4930: This is exactly the answer I have been looking for! Thank you so much!
  14. @tresyshows: Can I still get monetized even after 12months?
  15. @tresyshows: Can I grow my YouTube channel without a YouTube ad?
  16. @jacobcrough4985: I literally just started doing affiliate marketing and I’m wondering if you use the same niche for years? Like do I I try to sell the same product for years or do I switch the product but keep it in the same topic. Lol idk.
  17. @BusterBossJR: I think I really failed by choosing to make content on a videogame that I hadn't even been playing for that long. Started uploading videos on it in april and now I'm totally burned out and havent played the game in around 2 months. Hoping to find a sustainable niche for me, really good advice as usual!
  18. @Shameonyouatgoogleplus: Wow! This added up to my anxiety / procrastination an / depression disorders. Thanks Nick you are awesome.
  19. @Unow6b: I think I want to do simple things, from reaction clips on other people's videos, to theater to muckbangs, to cosplays, to hand crafts, to unboxing and maybe blogs because I'm kind of blind. Have a question, is it ok to ask to others if its ok to do reaktions on there  videos? So they don’t get engry
  20. @FineNaturalHairROCKS: This video is very helpful. Thank you for posting this!